START HERE This opens with standard cherry and berry aromas before transitioning to a juicy palate with red berry, plum, herb and grass notes. It finishes a little hot and aggressive, but for $4 who's complaining?", "There's a lot going on in this Merlot, which is likeable now for its rich blackberry, cherry, cranberry, cola and spice flavors. It's dry and balanced.", 'A good everyday Merlot, dry and rich in tannins, with pleasant cherry, cocoa, licorice, herb and spice flavors. END
START HERE There's a lot going on in this Merlot, which is likeable now for its rich blackberry, cherry, cranberry, cola and spice flavors. It's dry and balanced.", 'A good everyday Merlot, dry and rich in tannins, with pleasant cherry, cocoa, licorice, herb and spice flavors.', "Sweet and fruity, this canned wine feels soft and syrupy, with sugary pear as the primary flavor on the palate. It's a basic white wine in a convenient package. END
START HERE A good everyday Merlot, dry and rich in tannins, with pleasant cherry, cocoa, licorice, herb and spice flavors.', "Sweet and fruity, this canned wine feels soft and syrupy, with sugary pear as the primary flavor on the palate. It's a basic white wine in a convenient package.", 'Berry and cherry aromas are surprisingly sturdy and clean. Freshness is maintained on the palate, which is honest enough to offer modest tannic bite. Lightly spiced plum and raspberry flavors change little on an easy finish. END
START HERE Sweet and fruity, this canned wine feels soft and syrupy, with sugary pear as the primary flavor on the palate. It's a basic white wine in a convenient package.", 'Berry and cherry aromas are surprisingly sturdy and clean. Freshness is maintained on the palate, which is honest enough to offer modest tannic bite. Lightly spiced plum and raspberry flavors change little on an easy finish.', 'Packaged in a cute yellow recyclable Tetrapak, this easy Chard is sweet in pineapple juice and green apple flavors, balanced with crisp acidity. END
START HERE Berry and cherry aromas are surprisingly sturdy and clean. Freshness is maintained on the palate, which is honest enough to offer modest tannic bite. Lightly spiced plum and raspberry flavors change little on an easy finish.', 'Packaged in a cute yellow recyclable Tetrapak, this easy Chard is sweet in pineapple juice and green apple flavors, balanced with crisp acidity.', 'Bright, crisp raspberry flavors on a bone-dry wine. It is fresh and vibrant, a light touch of caramel and powerful acidity. END
START HERE Packaged in a cute yellow recyclable Tetrapak, this easy Chard is sweet in pineapple juice and green apple flavors, balanced with crisp acidity.', 'Bright, crisp raspberry flavors on a bone-dry wine. It is fresh and vibrant, a light touch of caramel and powerful acidity.', 'Gritty cherry and cranberry aromas and a bright red color announce a spunky, simple wine with little Cabernet character. Juicy and light-bodied, it conveys basic plum and cherry flavors. END
START HERE Bright, crisp raspberry flavors on a bone-dry wine. It is fresh and vibrant, a light touch of caramel and powerful acidity.', 'Gritty cherry and cranberry aromas and a bright red color announce a spunky, simple wine with little Cabernet character. Juicy and light-bodied, it conveys basic plum and cherry flavors.', 'Pretty simple, but gets the job done with a creamy texture and peach and oak flavors. END
START HERE Gritty cherry and cranberry aromas and a bright red color announce a spunky, simple wine with little Cabernet character. Juicy and light-bodied, it conveys basic plum and cherry flavors.', 'Pretty simple, but gets the job done with a creamy texture and peach and oak flavors.', 'Dusty, peppery aromas carry little richness, but in the mouth things turn more fruity. You get cherry and plum, but also a salty edge. The texture is smooth and solid enough, but the finish is disproportionately buttery, salty and mildly vegetal. END
START HERE Pretty simple, but gets the job done with a creamy texture and peach and oak flavors.', 'Dusty, peppery aromas carry little richness, but in the mouth things turn more fruity. You get cherry and plum, but also a salty edge. The texture is smooth and solid enough, but the finish is disproportionately buttery, salty and mildly vegetal.', "Really? A five-buck Oregon Riesling? It's light, lemony and tart, but it's real wine, simple and plain, yet fine with shellfish or other light seafood. END
START HERE Dusty, peppery aromas carry little richness, but in the mouth things turn more fruity. You get cherry and plum, but also a salty edge. The texture is smooth and solid enough, but the finish is disproportionately buttery, salty and mildly vegetal.', "Really? A five-buck Oregon Riesling? It's light, lemony and tart, but it's real wine, simple and plain, yet fine with shellfish or other light seafood.", 'Sold in individual 375-ml pouches or 4-packs. The Merlot is overripe and Porty, with a sweet prune flavor. END
START HERE Really? A five-buck Oregon Riesling? It's light, lemony and tart, but it's real wine, simple and plain, yet fine with shellfish or other light seafood.", 'Sold in individual 375-ml pouches or 4-packs. The Merlot is overripe and Porty, with a sweet prune flavor.', 'More than decent; this is good SB with no bells and whistles but lots of straight-ahead competence. The nose is dusty and plump, while the palate has roundness, weight and likable citrus, green melon and other common, fresh flavors. Sometimes the basics are more than enough; this is a casein point. END
START HERE Sold in individual 375-ml pouches or 4-packs. The Merlot is overripe and Porty, with a sweet prune flavor.', 'More than decent; this is good SB with no bells and whistles but lots of straight-ahead competence. The nose is dusty and plump, while the palate has roundness, weight and likable citrus, green melon and other common, fresh flavors. Sometimes the basics are more than enough; this is a casein point.', "This wine's intense grapey, jammy aromas lead to very fruity and blackberry jam, melted butter and strawberry syrup flavors. It's medium bodied and sweet. END
START HERE More than decent; this is good SB with no bells and whistles but lots of straight-ahead competence. The nose is dusty and plump, while the palate has roundness, weight and likable citrus, green melon and other common, fresh flavors. Sometimes the basics are more than enough; this is a casein point.', "This wine's intense grapey, jammy aromas lead to very fruity and blackberry jam, melted butter and strawberry syrup flavors. It's medium bodied and sweet.", 'While this smells floral and candied, the palate rages, courtesy of strapping acidity that creates tart plum and blueberry flavors. END
START HERE This wine's intense grapey, jammy aromas lead to very fruity and blackberry jam, melted butter and strawberry syrup flavors. It's medium bodied and sweet.", 'While this smells floral and candied, the palate rages, courtesy of strapping acidity that creates tart plum and blueberry flavors.', 'Big, awkward aromas of red fruit and oak are followed by simple berry and plum flavors and even more overt oak. The finish is big and warm, while late in the game the wine turns tangy. This is one of many mass-market Merlots with few glaring faults; but still it fights to rise above basic acceptability. END
START HERE While this smells floral and candied, the palate rages, courtesy of strapping acidity that creates tart plum and blueberry flavors.', 'Big, awkward aromas of red fruit and oak are followed by simple berry and plum flavors and even more overt oak. The finish is big and warm, while late in the game the wine turns tangy. This is one of many mass-market Merlots with few glaring faults; but still it fights to rise above basic acceptability.', 'Overtly off-dry to sweet, but marked by high acidity and a bitterness that dries out the cherry-vanilla flavors, this blush will happily pair with cheeseburgers and buffalo wings. END
START HERE Big, awkward aromas of red fruit and oak are followed by simple berry and plum flavors and even more overt oak. The finish is big and warm, while late in the game the wine turns tangy. This is one of many mass-market Merlots with few glaring faults; but still it fights to rise above basic acceptability.', 'Overtly off-dry to sweet, but marked by high acidity and a bitterness that dries out the cherry-vanilla flavors, this blush will happily pair with cheeseburgers and buffalo wings.', "For only $5, this wine offers lemonade-style refreshment with a kick. It's simple, fruity and direct, with apple and citrus notes that provide a sweet and sour contrast to each other. Drink now. END
START HERE Overtly off-dry to sweet, but marked by high acidity and a bitterness that dries out the cherry-vanilla flavors, this blush will happily pair with cheeseburgers and buffalo wings.', "For only $5, this wine offers lemonade-style refreshment with a kick. It's simple, fruity and direct, with apple and citrus notes that provide a sweet and sour contrast to each other. Drink now.", "This easy-to-drink wine combines a lightly oaky aroma with good but light fruit flavors and savory accents. It's dry and well balanced, with a smooth mouthfeel. END
START HERE For only $5, this wine offers lemonade-style refreshment with a kick. It's simple, fruity and direct, with apple and citrus notes that provide a sweet and sour contrast to each other. Drink now.", "This easy-to-drink wine combines a lightly oaky aroma with good but light fruit flavors and savory accents. It's dry and well balanced, with a smooth mouthfeel.", "Tropical—the flavors are reminiscent of mango and guava—but lacking in intensity. It's cleanly made, showing just a hint of warmth on the finish. END
START HERE This easy-to-drink wine combines a lightly oaky aroma with good but light fruit flavors and savory accents. It's dry and well balanced, with a smooth mouthfeel.", "Tropical—the flavors are reminiscent of mango and guava—but lacking in intensity. It's cleanly made, showing just a hint of warmth on the finish.", 'Possibly a little sweet, this is a soft, easygoing Chardonnay marked by clean, modest pear and melon flavors. END
START HERE Tropical—the flavors are reminiscent of mango and guava—but lacking in intensity. It's cleanly made, showing just a hint of warmth on the finish.", 'Possibly a little sweet, this is a soft, easygoing Chardonnay marked by clean, modest pear and melon flavors.', 'Sold in individual 375-ml pouches or 4-packs, this is a dry, clean wine with lots of acidity that brightens the creamy apricot, orange and peach flavors. END
START HERE Possibly a little sweet, this is a soft, easygoing Chardonnay marked by clean, modest pear and melon flavors.', 'Sold in individual 375-ml pouches or 4-packs, this is a dry, clean wine with lots of acidity that brightens the creamy apricot, orange and peach flavors.', 'This wine has a deep-gold color, attractive baking-spice and buttered popcorn aromas, appealing apple and pear flavors and medium body. The texture is soft and easy and the acidity tastes low. END
START HERE Sold in individual 375-ml pouches or 4-packs, this is a dry, clean wine with lots of acidity that brightens the creamy apricot, orange and peach flavors.', 'This wine has a deep-gold color, attractive baking-spice and buttered popcorn aromas, appealing apple and pear flavors and medium body. The texture is soft and easy and the acidity tastes low.', 'Smells a little warm with notes of stewed red berries and brandied cherries. Lightweight with medium acidity and virtually no tannins—this is an easy-to-drink option; given the Tetra-pak packaging, a great choice for concerts, camping and picnics. END
START HERE This wine has a deep-gold color, attractive baking-spice and buttered popcorn aromas, appealing apple and pear flavors and medium body. The texture is soft and easy and the acidity tastes low.', 'Smells a little warm with notes of stewed red berries and brandied cherries. Lightweight with medium acidity and virtually no tannins—this is an easy-to-drink option; given the Tetra-pak packaging, a great choice for concerts, camping and picnics.', 'On the dry side, with caramel and strawberry flavors, this is an attractive, bright rosé, as fresh as they come. END
START HERE Smells a little warm with notes of stewed red berries and brandied cherries. Lightweight with medium acidity and virtually no tannins—this is an easy-to-drink option; given the Tetra-pak packaging, a great choice for concerts, camping and picnics.', 'On the dry side, with caramel and strawberry flavors, this is an attractive, bright rosé, as fresh as they come.', 'This blend of 70% Grenache and 30% Carignan is smooth and easy to drink, with friendly aromas and flavors of red cherry and raspberry that are kissed by a hint of mentholated character. The tannins and low and the finish is short; drink up. END
START HERE On the dry side, with caramel and strawberry flavors, this is an attractive, bright rosé, as fresh as they come.', 'This blend of 70% Grenache and 30% Carignan is smooth and easy to drink, with friendly aromas and flavors of red cherry and raspberry that are kissed by a hint of mentholated character. The tannins and low and the finish is short; drink up.', 'This is a jammy and fruit-forward selection, with direct aromas and flavors of red cherry, berry and plum that are lifted by a hint of menthol. The smooth, easygoing palate offers light tannins and fleshy fruit flavors, followed by a clean but fleeting finish. END
START HERE This blend of 70% Grenache and 30% Carignan is smooth and easy to drink, with friendly aromas and flavors of red cherry and raspberry that are kissed by a hint of mentholated character. The tannins and low and the finish is short; drink up.', 'This is a jammy and fruit-forward selection, with direct aromas and flavors of red cherry, berry and plum that are lifted by a hint of menthol. The smooth, easygoing palate offers light tannins and fleshy fruit flavors, followed by a clean but fleeting finish.', 'Candied plum and red berry aromas smell like red licorice. Flavors are raisiny, with sourness and astringency. END
START HERE This is a jammy and fruit-forward selection, with direct aromas and flavors of red cherry, berry and plum that are lifted by a hint of menthol. The smooth, easygoing palate offers light tannins and fleshy fruit flavors, followed by a clean but fleeting finish.', 'Candied plum and red berry aromas smell like red licorice. Flavors are raisiny, with sourness and astringency.', 'Almost red in color, with dusty aromas that mix in a blast of latex and dried cherry notes. The wine is made from organically grown Bobal grapes, and it offers tang and bite along with crisp flavors of plum skins, raspberry and citrus. Almost sour, but not. A solid quaffer for the price. END
START HERE Candied plum and red berry aromas smell like red licorice. Flavors are raisiny, with sourness and astringency.', 'Almost red in color, with dusty aromas that mix in a blast of latex and dried cherry notes. The wine is made from organically grown Bobal grapes, and it offers tang and bite along with crisp flavors of plum skins, raspberry and citrus. Almost sour, but not. A solid quaffer for the price.', 'A touch tough and stemmy on the nose, but given the price it rates as positive. The body is medium and friendly, while the flavors of raspberry and strawberry feature a peppery accent. Finishes crisp and fresh. END
START HERE Almost red in color, with dusty aromas that mix in a blast of latex and dried cherry notes. The wine is made from organically grown Bobal grapes, and it offers tang and bite along with crisp flavors of plum skins, raspberry and citrus. Almost sour, but not. A solid quaffer for the price.', 'A touch tough and stemmy on the nose, but given the price it rates as positive. The body is medium and friendly, while the flavors of raspberry and strawberry feature a peppery accent. Finishes crisp and fresh.', "A blast of clean, ripe citrus, peach and pear fruit greets you from this well-made, if simple, wine. There are vanilla and smoke elements from wood. It's a little soft, and a tad off-dry, but if you need a case of something white to quench the throats of party-goers who aren't real particular, this is the ticket. END
START HERE A touch tough and stemmy on the nose, but given the price it rates as positive. The body is medium and friendly, while the flavors of raspberry and strawberry feature a peppery accent. Finishes crisp and fresh.', "A blast of clean, ripe citrus, peach and pear fruit greets you from this well-made, if simple, wine. There are vanilla and smoke elements from wood. It's a little soft, and a tad off-dry, but if you need a case of something white to quench the throats of party-goers who aren't real particular, this is the ticket.", "With an orange-pink color, this is really a rosé wine. It's sweet and sugary, with raspberry and watermelon flavors that are balanced by cleansing acids. END
START HERE A blast of clean, ripe citrus, peach and pear fruit greets you from this well-made, if simple, wine. There are vanilla and smoke elements from wood. It's a little soft, and a tad off-dry, but if you need a case of something white to quench the throats of party-goers who aren't real particular, this is the ticket.", "With an orange-pink color, this is really a rosé wine. It's sweet and sugary, with raspberry and watermelon flavors that are balanced by cleansing acids.", "Not bad on the nose, where you get some tropicality, buttercup and flower blossom. But once you get onto the palate things go south. The acidity is high, creating tangy, lemony flavors, and all totaled there's not much here besides generic citrus and water. END
START HERE With an orange-pink color, this is really a rosé wine. It's sweet and sugary, with raspberry and watermelon flavors that are balanced by cleansing acids.", "Not bad on the nose, where you get some tropicality, buttercup and flower blossom. But once you get onto the palate things go south. The acidity is high, creating tangy, lemony flavors, and all totaled there's not much here besides generic citrus and water.", "Simple and neutral, with sweetness to the nose. It's soft and flabby in the mouth, with candied vanilla and melon flavors. Sweet and low in intensity, and already it's dull despite being a new release. END
START HERE Not bad on the nose, where you get some tropicality, buttercup and flower blossom. But once you get onto the palate things go south. The acidity is high, creating tangy, lemony flavors, and all totaled there's not much here besides generic citrus and water.", "Simple and neutral, with sweetness to the nose. It's soft and flabby in the mouth, with candied vanilla and melon flavors. Sweet and low in intensity, and already it's dull despite being a new release.", 'For six bucks you get a dry, rich, creamy Chardonnay with nice flavors of pineapples, pears, apples and smoky vanilla. This is a great price for a wine of this polished appeal. END
START HERE Simple and neutral, with sweetness to the nose. It's soft and flabby in the mouth, with candied vanilla and melon flavors. Sweet and low in intensity, and already it's dull despite being a new release.", 'For six bucks you get a dry, rich, creamy Chardonnay with nice flavors of pineapples, pears, apples and smoky vanilla. This is a great price for a wine of this polished appeal.', 'Mouthwatering acidity combines with a sweet aftertaste to give a wine that could be unbalanced but, surprisingly, has an attractive soft texture and easygoing fruitiness. Drink immediately. END
START HERE For six bucks you get a dry, rich, creamy Chardonnay with nice flavors of pineapples, pears, apples and smoky vanilla. This is a great price for a wine of this polished appeal.', 'Mouthwatering acidity combines with a sweet aftertaste to give a wine that could be unbalanced but, surprisingly, has an attractive soft texture and easygoing fruitiness. Drink immediately.', 'Riesling has always been a strength of this winery, and this wine clearly shows why. It has a lightness and delicacy missing from most other domestic Riesling, yet it is not simple. Its complex, subtle, food-friendly flavors are right on the money. Best Buy. —P.G. END
START HERE Mouthwatering acidity combines with a sweet aftertaste to give a wine that could be unbalanced but, surprisingly, has an attractive soft texture and easygoing fruitiness. Drink immediately.', 'Riesling has always been a strength of this winery, and this wine clearly shows why. It has a lightness and delicacy missing from most other domestic Riesling, yet it is not simple. Its complex, subtle, food-friendly flavors are right on the money. Best Buy. —P.G.', "Jammy and murky smelling, and lacking clarity and zap on the nose. Surprisingly, the palate is jacked up with acidity, and thus it's sharp in the mouth and strained. Flavors of red fruits are made creamy by forced oak, yielding a milk chocolate note to the finish. END
START HERE Riesling has always been a strength of this winery, and this wine clearly shows why. It has a lightness and delicacy missing from most other domestic Riesling, yet it is not simple. Its complex, subtle, food-friendly flavors are right on the money. Best Buy. —P.G.', "Jammy and murky smelling, and lacking clarity and zap on the nose. Surprisingly, the palate is jacked up with acidity, and thus it's sharp in the mouth and strained. Flavors of red fruits are made creamy by forced oak, yielding a milk chocolate note to the finish.", 'This blend of Bobal and Garnacha is clean and neutral up front. A healthy feeling palate is highly regular but solid. Standard citrus and currant flavors end with moderate length. END
START HERE Jammy and murky smelling, and lacking clarity and zap on the nose. Surprisingly, the palate is jacked up with acidity, and thus it's sharp in the mouth and strained. Flavors of red fruits are made creamy by forced oak, yielding a milk chocolate note to the finish.", 'This blend of Bobal and Garnacha is clean and neutral up front. A healthy feeling palate is highly regular but solid. Standard citrus and currant flavors end with moderate length.', 'Gassy and bubblegummy, like cheap Beaujolais, with candied raspberries and cherries. END
START HERE This blend of Bobal and Garnacha is clean and neutral up front. A healthy feeling palate is highly regular but solid. Standard citrus and currant flavors end with moderate length.', 'Gassy and bubblegummy, like cheap Beaujolais, with candied raspberries and cherries.', 'Simple but clean in the nose, with just a hint of cheesy pungency. The palate veers toward tangerine and pineapple. The finish is sharp and acidic. Best Buy. END
START HERE Gassy and bubblegummy, like cheap Beaujolais, with candied raspberries and cherries.', 'Simple but clean in the nose, with just a hint of cheesy pungency. The palate veers toward tangerine and pineapple. The finish is sharp and acidic. Best Buy.', 'One of the first 1999 Cabs on the market, this wine smells and tastes like the grapes were crushed yesterday. This is what middleweight Cabernet Sauvignon sans oak tastes like: all fresh blackberries and cherries, with undercurrants of espresso and sweet spice. A remarkably tasty wine that should be easy to find: There were 65,000 cases produced. END
START HERE Simple but clean in the nose, with just a hint of cheesy pungency. The palate veers toward tangerine and pineapple. The finish is sharp and acidic. Best Buy.', 'One of the first 1999 Cabs on the market, this wine smells and tastes like the grapes were crushed yesterday. This is what middleweight Cabernet Sauvignon sans oak tastes like: all fresh blackberries and cherries, with undercurrants of espresso and sweet spice. A remarkably tasty wine that should be easy to find: There were 65,000 cases produced.', 'Shows plenty of varietal character. Spearmint, lemon and lime flavors, with a crisp, tart texture and a rich, spicy finish. Pleasant to drink and a good value. Best Buy. END
START HERE One of the first 1999 Cabs on the market, this wine smells and tastes like the grapes were crushed yesterday. This is what middleweight Cabernet Sauvignon sans oak tastes like: all fresh blackberries and cherries, with undercurrants of espresso and sweet spice. A remarkably tasty wine that should be easy to find: There were 65,000 cases produced.', 'Shows plenty of varietal character. Spearmint, lemon and lime flavors, with a crisp, tart texture and a rich, spicy finish. Pleasant to drink and a good value. Best Buy.', "Starts out with some earthy, toasty and minerally aromas, with a streak of minty anise. This is a very full-bodied wine, loaded with earthy, mushroomy flavors, like biting into a heaping handful of mulch. It's also very dry, clean and organized enough to call a good value. END
START HERE Shows plenty of varietal character. Spearmint, lemon and lime flavors, with a crisp, tart texture and a rich, spicy finish. Pleasant to drink and a good value. Best Buy.', "Starts out with some earthy, toasty and minerally aromas, with a streak of minty anise. This is a very full-bodied wine, loaded with earthy, mushroomy flavors, like biting into a heaping handful of mulch. It's also very dry, clean and organized enough to call a good value.", 'This medium-bodied rosé has aromas of strawberries and rose petals, and flavors of cherry, strawberry and tart cherry. The finish is clean, with a slight touch of residual sweetness on the palate. END
START HERE Starts out with some earthy, toasty and minerally aromas, with a streak of minty anise. This is a very full-bodied wine, loaded with earthy, mushroomy flavors, like biting into a heaping handful of mulch. It's also very dry, clean and organized enough to call a good value.", 'This medium-bodied rosé has aromas of strawberries and rose petals, and flavors of cherry, strawberry and tart cherry. The finish is clean, with a slight touch of residual sweetness on the palate.', "Here's a good example of a value Chardonnay. It's clean and fruity, with spicy apple flavors, a focused and lengthy finish, and proper acidity. The whole is better than its parts. END
START HERE This medium-bodied rosé has aromas of strawberries and rose petals, and flavors of cherry, strawberry and tart cherry. The finish is clean, with a slight touch of residual sweetness on the palate.', "Here's a good example of a value Chardonnay. It's clean and fruity, with spicy apple flavors, a focused and lengthy finish, and proper acidity. The whole is better than its parts.", "Pale salmon in color, this is an aromatic rosé with notes of peach and jasmine. It's off dry in style and brings easy drinking enjoyment. END
START HERE Here's a good example of a value Chardonnay. It's clean and fruity, with spicy apple flavors, a focused and lengthy finish, and proper acidity. The whole is better than its parts.", "Pale salmon in color, this is an aromatic rosé with notes of peach and jasmine. It's off dry in style and brings easy drinking enjoyment.", 'Coming in a 375ml can, this wine brings aromas of lees and lemon curd. The palate is creamy in feel and lightly sweet. END
START HERE Pale salmon in color, this is an aromatic rosé with notes of peach and jasmine. It's off dry in style and brings easy drinking enjoyment.", 'Coming in a 375ml can, this wine brings aromas of lees and lemon curd. The palate is creamy in feel and lightly sweet.', 'This Merlot is thin and common, but dry and drinkable, with cherry, cola and oak flavors. Gulp it down with anything you like. END
START HERE Coming in a 375ml can, this wine brings aromas of lees and lemon curd. The palate is creamy in feel and lightly sweet.', 'This Merlot is thin and common, but dry and drinkable, with cherry, cola and oak flavors. Gulp it down with anything you like.', 'Sharp, spicy, tastes of apples, with plenty of flesh. Ripe and straightforward, showing none of the sugar, vanilla and excessive oak chip flavors of most cheap Chardonnays. Solid winemaking, juicy acids, and a fine food wine for six bucks. END
START HERE This Merlot is thin and common, but dry and drinkable, with cherry, cola and oak flavors. Gulp it down with anything you like.', 'Sharp, spicy, tastes of apples, with plenty of flesh. Ripe and straightforward, showing none of the sugar, vanilla and excessive oak chip flavors of most cheap Chardonnays. Solid winemaking, juicy acids, and a fine food wine for six bucks.', "With solid peach aromas and an otherwise clean nose, this llama is worth the ride. Peach and honeydew flavors are sweet but not cloying or mucky, and there's even a hint of spicy white pepper to give the finish character. END
START HERE Sharp, spicy, tastes of apples, with plenty of flesh. Ripe and straightforward, showing none of the sugar, vanilla and excessive oak chip flavors of most cheap Chardonnays. Solid winemaking, juicy acids, and a fine food wine for six bucks.', "With solid peach aromas and an otherwise clean nose, this llama is worth the ride. Peach and honeydew flavors are sweet but not cloying or mucky, and there's even a hint of spicy white pepper to give the finish character.", 'This wine has aromas of pomegranate and black plum. It conveys flavors of cranberry and black raspberry. The finish is short-lived yet pleasantly acidic. END
START HERE With solid peach aromas and an otherwise clean nose, this llama is worth the ride. Peach and honeydew flavors are sweet but not cloying or mucky, and there's even a hint of spicy white pepper to give the finish character.", 'This wine has aromas of pomegranate and black plum. It conveys flavors of cranberry and black raspberry. The finish is short-lived yet pleasantly acidic.', "Brambly aromas precede sour flavors of pie cherry and green strawberry. A sheering wine that's miserly even by Funky Llama's standards. The best that can be said about this tart Malbec is that it isn't overripe or sappy. END
START HERE This wine has aromas of pomegranate and black plum. It conveys flavors of cranberry and black raspberry. The finish is short-lived yet pleasantly acidic.', "Brambly aromas precede sour flavors of pie cherry and green strawberry. A sheering wine that's miserly even by Funky Llama's standards. The best that can be said about this tart Malbec is that it isn't overripe or sappy.", "The nose smells a bit like corn. The wine is round, soft and without much edge. The fruit seems a little pliable and ultimately it isn't all that structured. Finishes with a bit of banana. END
START HERE Brambly aromas precede sour flavors of pie cherry and green strawberry. A sheering wine that's miserly even by Funky Llama's standards. The best that can be said about this tart Malbec is that it isn't overripe or sappy.", "The nose smells a bit like corn. The wine is round, soft and without much edge. The fruit seems a little pliable and ultimately it isn't all that structured. Finishes with a bit of banana.", "Tastes harsh and minty, like toothpaste, with some fruit flavors of cherries and blackberries. If you take the price into account, it's not bad. END
START HERE The nose smells a bit like corn. The wine is round, soft and without much edge. The fruit seems a little pliable and ultimately it isn't all that structured. Finishes with a bit of banana.", "Tastes harsh and minty, like toothpaste, with some fruit flavors of cherries and blackberries. If you take the price into account, it's not bad.", "The nose is sulphuric and a bit barnyardy, which screams“watch out,” but in the mouth there's acceptable if unspectacular apple fruit. It's scratchy in the finish, and probably just this side of not being worth drinking. END
START HERE Tastes harsh and minty, like toothpaste, with some fruit flavors of cherries and blackberries. If you take the price into account, it's not bad.", "The nose is sulphuric and a bit barnyardy, which screams“watch out,” but in the mouth there's acceptable if unspectacular apple fruit. It's scratchy in the finish, and probably just this side of not being worth drinking.", "No, this is not a misprint. This $6 Chardonnay is a quaffer's dream. Aromas of apple and pear are clean and pleasant. On the palate, this feels round and balanced. Slightly salty apple flavors are steady on the finish. END
START HERE The nose is sulphuric and a bit barnyardy, which screams“watch out,” but in the mouth there's acceptable if unspectacular apple fruit. It's scratchy in the finish, and probably just this side of not being worth drinking.", "No, this is not a misprint. This $6 Chardonnay is a quaffer's dream. Aromas of apple and pear are clean and pleasant. On the palate, this feels round and balanced. Slightly salty apple flavors are steady on the finish.", "Simple and fruity, this wine has some polished flavors of black cherries and pepper, and drinks very dry, with a creamy mouthfeel and soft tannins and acids. It's an easygoing wine, and fine for everyday occasions. —S.H. END
START HERE No, this is not a misprint. This $6 Chardonnay is a quaffer's dream. Aromas of apple and pear are clean and pleasant. On the palate, this feels round and balanced. Slightly salty apple flavors are steady on the finish.", "Simple and fruity, this wine has some polished flavors of black cherries and pepper, and drinks very dry, with a creamy mouthfeel and soft tannins and acids. It's an easygoing wine, and fine for everyday occasions. —S.H.", "Case production was 46,000 and every bottle will sell because it's a good wine at a great price. Nothing terribly complicated, but dry, full-bodied and fruity. END
START HERE Simple and fruity, this wine has some polished flavors of black cherries and pepper, and drinks very dry, with a creamy mouthfeel and soft tannins and acids. It's an easygoing wine, and fine for everyday occasions. —S.H.", "Case production was 46,000 and every bottle will sell because it's a good wine at a great price. Nothing terribly complicated, but dry, full-bodied and fruity.", "Nonvintage juice at an amazing price. It's not going to knock your favorite Zin off the shelf, but as a house pour for spaghetti and meatballs-style cooking, it would do just fine. It has some sweet, tomato-juice flavors and a fair bit of concentration in the finish. END
START HERE Case production was 46,000 and every bottle will sell because it's a good wine at a great price. Nothing terribly complicated, but dry, full-bodied and fruity.", "Nonvintage juice at an amazing price. It's not going to knock your favorite Zin off the shelf, but as a house pour for spaghetti and meatballs-style cooking, it would do just fine. It has some sweet, tomato-juice flavors and a fair bit of concentration in the finish.", 'Pretty on the nose and palate with an abundance of spring flower, pineapple and vanilla-cream notes, this dry, full-bodied Chardonnay is easygoing but impeccably made. Judiciously oaked, it finishes on a sweet-and-salty caramel note. END
START HERE Nonvintage juice at an amazing price. It's not going to knock your favorite Zin off the shelf, but as a house pour for spaghetti and meatballs-style cooking, it would do just fine. It has some sweet, tomato-juice flavors and a fair bit of concentration in the finish.", 'Pretty on the nose and palate with an abundance of spring flower, pineapple and vanilla-cream notes, this dry, full-bodied Chardonnay is easygoing but impeccably made. Judiciously oaked, it finishes on a sweet-and-salty caramel note.', 'Neutral aromas, sour apple and citrus flavors, a spritzy mouthfeel and soda-like on the finish. Unsophisticated to a fault. END
START HERE Pretty on the nose and palate with an abundance of spring flower, pineapple and vanilla-cream notes, this dry, full-bodied Chardonnay is easygoing but impeccably made. Judiciously oaked, it finishes on a sweet-and-salty caramel note.', 'Neutral aromas, sour apple and citrus flavors, a spritzy mouthfeel and soda-like on the finish. Unsophisticated to a fault.', 'A lively, crisp wine, packed with bright raspberries, red cherries and acidity. It has a touch of caramel, but no more. The freshness is much more important. Screwcap. END
START HERE Neutral aromas, sour apple and citrus flavors, a spritzy mouthfeel and soda-like on the finish. Unsophisticated to a fault.', 'A lively, crisp wine, packed with bright raspberries, red cherries and acidity. It has a touch of caramel, but no more. The freshness is much more important. Screwcap.', 'This is a rounded, full-bodied rosé that also has a herbal element. It has a wild strawberry flavor, with light acidity and sweetness. Screwcap. END
START HERE A lively, crisp wine, packed with bright raspberries, red cherries and acidity. It has a touch of caramel, but no more. The freshness is much more important. Screwcap.', 'This is a rounded, full-bodied rosé that also has a herbal element. It has a wild strawberry flavor, with light acidity and sweetness. Screwcap.', "Mushroom and charcoal dot the nose, but with that comes just a modicum of fruit. The palate is a bit bland even if it's far from offensive, and so is the finish. Some wines don't offend while they fail to impress. This is an example of that type of wine. END
START HERE This is a rounded, full-bodied rosé that also has a herbal element. It has a wild strawberry flavor, with light acidity and sweetness. Screwcap.', "Mushroom and charcoal dot the nose, but with that comes just a modicum of fruit. The palate is a bit bland even if it's far from offensive, and so is the finish. Some wines don't offend while they fail to impress. This is an example of that type of wine.", 'A pretty good Chardonnay, especially at this price. Delivers lots of bang for the buck, with ripe, honeyed flavors of pineapples, pears and buttered toast. END
START HERE Mushroom and charcoal dot the nose, but with that comes just a modicum of fruit. The palate is a bit bland even if it's far from offensive, and so is the finish. Some wines don't offend while they fail to impress. This is an example of that type of wine.", 'A pretty good Chardonnay, especially at this price. Delivers lots of bang for the buck, with ripe, honeyed flavors of pineapples, pears and buttered toast.', 'It seems strange to have such a heavy, expensive bottle for a wine at this price. The soft, off-dry Chardonnay inside has a lightly fruity character, showing white fruits and the softest texture. It is easy and ready to drink. END
START HERE A pretty good Chardonnay, especially at this price. Delivers lots of bang for the buck, with ripe, honeyed flavors of pineapples, pears and buttered toast.', 'It seems strange to have such a heavy, expensive bottle for a wine at this price. The soft, off-dry Chardonnay inside has a lightly fruity character, showing white fruits and the softest texture. It is easy and ready to drink.', 'Soft, sweet raspberry fruit-flavored wine. It has a line of acidity while its main character is the light, sweet aftertaste. Screwcap. END
START HERE It seems strange to have such a heavy, expensive bottle for a wine at this price. The soft, off-dry Chardonnay inside has a lightly fruity character, showing white fruits and the softest texture. It is easy and ready to drink.', 'Soft, sweet raspberry fruit-flavored wine. It has a line of acidity while its main character is the light, sweet aftertaste. Screwcap.', 'Named after the matriarch of the De Martino family, this is a tropical-influenced wine with full banana, papaya and melon flavors atop lighter-weight aromas. The finish is equally tropical in style, with creamy oak mixing with ripe banana to create a sundae-like whole. The palate is chewy and satisfying as the wine tips the scale toward full bodied. Best Buy. END
START HERE Soft, sweet raspberry fruit-flavored wine. It has a line of acidity while its main character is the light, sweet aftertaste. Screwcap.', 'Named after the matriarch of the De Martino family, this is a tropical-influenced wine with full banana, papaya and melon flavors atop lighter-weight aromas. The finish is equally tropical in style, with creamy oak mixing with ripe banana to create a sundae-like whole. The palate is chewy and satisfying as the wine tips the scale toward full bodied. Best Buy.', 'This wine has aromas of pomegranate juice and dried cherry. Flavors suggest pomegranate juice and tart cherry conserves. END
START HERE Named after the matriarch of the De Martino family, this is a tropical-influenced wine with full banana, papaya and melon flavors atop lighter-weight aromas. The finish is equally tropical in style, with creamy oak mixing with ripe banana to create a sundae-like whole. The palate is chewy and satisfying as the wine tips the scale toward full bodied. Best Buy.', 'This wine has aromas of pomegranate juice and dried cherry. Flavors suggest pomegranate juice and tart cherry conserves.', 'This is a straightforward, varietally correct wine, with aromas of apple and spice. The palate is on the lighter side of medium bodied, bringing a sense of texture. END
START HERE This wine has aromas of pomegranate juice and dried cherry. Flavors suggest pomegranate juice and tart cherry conserves.', 'This is a straightforward, varietally correct wine, with aromas of apple and spice. The palate is on the lighter side of medium bodied, bringing a sense of texture.', 'This Chard is a straightforward, good quaffer, with a light, pleasant sweetness more suited for late-summer picnics than dinner parties. Offers crisp yellow fruit, plus light citrus and mineral notes on the palate; on the nose, the fruit is tropical. Drink it before the weather gets too crisp. END
START HERE This is a straightforward, varietally correct wine, with aromas of apple and spice. The palate is on the lighter side of medium bodied, bringing a sense of texture.', 'This Chard is a straightforward, good quaffer, with a light, pleasant sweetness more suited for late-summer picnics than dinner parties. Offers crisp yellow fruit, plus light citrus and mineral notes on the palate; on the nose, the fruit is tropical. Drink it before the weather gets too crisp.', 'Candied cherry aromas are simple and sweet, while the young, jammy palate is clean, fresh and offers basic berry flavors. Finishes with some thickness, but overall this is the type of wine that we can recommend at $6. END
START HERE This Chard is a straightforward, good quaffer, with a light, pleasant sweetness more suited for late-summer picnics than dinner parties. Offers crisp yellow fruit, plus light citrus and mineral notes on the palate; on the nose, the fruit is tropical. Drink it before the weather gets too crisp.', 'Candied cherry aromas are simple and sweet, while the young, jammy palate is clean, fresh and offers basic berry flavors. Finishes with some thickness, but overall this is the type of wine that we can recommend at $6.', 'A straightforward wine, this has aromas of light spices and stone fruit. The flavors are lighter in style with the concentration a bit wanting but it still provides easy drinking pleasure. END
START HERE Candied cherry aromas are simple and sweet, while the young, jammy palate is clean, fresh and offers basic berry flavors. Finishes with some thickness, but overall this is the type of wine that we can recommend at $6.', 'A straightforward wine, this has aromas of light spices and stone fruit. The flavors are lighter in style with the concentration a bit wanting but it still provides easy drinking pleasure.', 'Refreshingly quaffable, this off-dry Riesling juxtaposes juicy, sweet melon and peach flavors with fresh tangerine acidity. The finish is brisk, fringed with a delicious bristle of lime pith. END
START HERE A straightforward wine, this has aromas of light spices and stone fruit. The flavors are lighter in style with the concentration a bit wanting but it still provides easy drinking pleasure.', 'Refreshingly quaffable, this off-dry Riesling juxtaposes juicy, sweet melon and peach flavors with fresh tangerine acidity. The finish is brisk, fringed with a delicious bristle of lime pith.', 'Good party Chard. Nothing too complex or subtle, just mixed tropical fruit with a hint of wood and sweet fruit-cocktail flavors. END
START HERE Refreshingly quaffable, this off-dry Riesling juxtaposes juicy, sweet melon and peach flavors with fresh tangerine acidity. The finish is brisk, fringed with a delicious bristle of lime pith.', 'Good party Chard. Nothing too complex or subtle, just mixed tropical fruit with a hint of wood and sweet fruit-cocktail flavors.', 'Aromas of ripe apple and poached pear are accented by spice. It drinks medium sweet with mandarin-orange flavors that linger. END
START HERE Good party Chard. Nothing too complex or subtle, just mixed tropical fruit with a hint of wood and sweet fruit-cocktail flavors.', 'Aromas of ripe apple and poached pear are accented by spice. It drinks medium sweet with mandarin-orange flavors that linger.', 'From the folks who invented white Zinfandel, a freshly fruity, soft, slightly sweet wine with high enough acidity to keep it from palling. The color is pale pink, and the aromas recall red raspberries and peaches. END
START HERE Aromas of ripe apple and poached pear are accented by spice. It drinks medium sweet with mandarin-orange flavors that linger.', 'From the folks who invented white Zinfandel, a freshly fruity, soft, slightly sweet wine with high enough acidity to keep it from palling. The color is pale pink, and the aromas recall red raspberries and peaches.', 'This is an informal wine that offers hints of raw red cherry, strawberry and a dash of cinnamon. Brisk acidity and fragile, fleeting tannins give it an abrupt finish. END
START HERE From the folks who invented white Zinfandel, a freshly fruity, soft, slightly sweet wine with high enough acidity to keep it from palling. The color is pale pink, and the aromas recall red raspberries and peaches.', 'This is an informal wine that offers hints of raw red cherry, strawberry and a dash of cinnamon. Brisk acidity and fragile, fleeting tannins give it an abrupt finish.', 'Like the label says, this red wine is sweet. It has raspberry and cherry flavors, with a pretty dusting of cinnamon spice. If sweet is your thing, drink up. The price is right. END
START HERE This is an informal wine that offers hints of raw red cherry, strawberry and a dash of cinnamon. Brisk acidity and fragile, fleeting tannins give it an abrupt finish.', 'Like the label says, this red wine is sweet. It has raspberry and cherry flavors, with a pretty dusting of cinnamon spice. If sweet is your thing, drink up. The price is right.', 'A sweet-styled Cabernet with raisin, black cherry and baked plum aromas. The feel is clacky and unsophisticated, and the flavors blend candied currant, prune and sugar. Grabby as well. END
START HERE Like the label says, this red wine is sweet. It has raspberry and cherry flavors, with a pretty dusting of cinnamon spice. If sweet is your thing, drink up. The price is right.', 'A sweet-styled Cabernet with raisin, black cherry and baked plum aromas. The feel is clacky and unsophisticated, and the flavors blend candied currant, prune and sugar. Grabby as well.', "Stone fruit and grapefruit flavors are plump and concentrated in this incredible value wine, but pierced by a streak of revitalizing lemon and lime. It's delightfully fruity and forward, but finishes long with just a murmur of white-tea tannins. END
START HERE A sweet-styled Cabernet with raisin, black cherry and baked plum aromas. The feel is clacky and unsophisticated, and the flavors blend candied currant, prune and sugar. Grabby as well.', "Stone fruit and grapefruit flavors are plump and concentrated in this incredible value wine, but pierced by a streak of revitalizing lemon and lime. It's delightfully fruity and forward, but finishes long with just a murmur of white-tea tannins.", "Lightly citric and mildly tropical, but mostly it's just a simple, easygoing wine with cantaloupe and peachy flavors along with a mild, cleansing finish. Nothing special but nothing wrong, and therein lies its virtue. END
START HERE Stone fruit and grapefruit flavors are plump and concentrated in this incredible value wine, but pierced by a streak of revitalizing lemon and lime. It's delightfully fruity and forward, but finishes long with just a murmur of white-tea tannins.", "Lightly citric and mildly tropical, but mostly it's just a simple, easygoing wine with cantaloupe and peachy flavors along with a mild, cleansing finish. Nothing special but nothing wrong, and therein lies its virtue.", 'Lightly tropical, with peach, citrus and pineapple aromas. The palate offers mostly sharp citrus flavors of lime and orange, and the finish holds onto that theme. END
START HERE Lightly citric and mildly tropical, but mostly it's just a simple, easygoing wine with cantaloupe and peachy flavors along with a mild, cleansing finish. Nothing special but nothing wrong, and therein lies its virtue.", 'Lightly tropical, with peach, citrus and pineapple aromas. The palate offers mostly sharp citrus flavors of lime and orange, and the finish holds onto that theme.', "Drinks hot and fruity, with the flavors of spiced blackberry punch. It's not the most delicate wine to ever come down the pike, but it is dry, rich and tasty, with that big, bright, jolting fruitiness that only warm sun can make. END
START HERE Lightly tropical, with peach, citrus and pineapple aromas. The palate offers mostly sharp citrus flavors of lime and orange, and the finish holds onto that theme.', "Drinks hot and fruity, with the flavors of spiced blackberry punch. It's not the most delicate wine to ever come down the pike, but it is dry, rich and tasty, with that big, bright, jolting fruitiness that only warm sun can make.", "Initial aromas of vanilla and cream turn a bit sour upon deeper inspection. The citrusy palate is tart and sharp, and by no means is this a soft wine. Just the opposite: It's rather short and zingy. Best Buy. END
START HERE Drinks hot and fruity, with the flavors of spiced blackberry punch. It's not the most delicate wine to ever come down the pike, but it is dry, rich and tasty, with that big, bright, jolting fruitiness that only warm sun can make.", "Initial aromas of vanilla and cream turn a bit sour upon deeper inspection. The citrusy palate is tart and sharp, and by no means is this a soft wine. Just the opposite: It's rather short and zingy. Best Buy.", "Average peach and apple aromas are as good as it gets. The palate is wet, heavy, charmless and cidery, with aggressive apple and citrus flavors. And oak wouldn't likely help it. END
START HERE Initial aromas of vanilla and cream turn a bit sour upon deeper inspection. The citrusy palate is tart and sharp, and by no means is this a soft wine. Just the opposite: It's rather short and zingy. Best Buy.", "Average peach and apple aromas are as good as it gets. The palate is wet, heavy, charmless and cidery, with aggressive apple and citrus flavors. And oak wouldn't likely help it.", 'Aromas of black berry and black cherry lead to flavors of cherry vanilla and red plum before a soft tannic finish. END
START HERE Average peach and apple aromas are as good as it gets. The palate is wet, heavy, charmless and cidery, with aggressive apple and citrus flavors. And oak wouldn't likely help it.", 'Aromas of black berry and black cherry lead to flavors of cherry vanilla and red plum before a soft tannic finish.', "Fresh, minerally red-fruit aromas set up a light but good palate. Modest oak and red fruit flavors are earthy and a bit warm, while the finish is easy, clean and fresh. For $7, there's almost nothing to take issue with. END
START HERE Aromas of black berry and black cherry lead to flavors of cherry vanilla and red plum before a soft tannic finish.', "Fresh, minerally red-fruit aromas set up a light but good palate. Modest oak and red fruit flavors are earthy and a bit warm, while the finish is easy, clean and fresh. For $7, there's almost nothing to take issue with.", 'With little varietal character on the nose, this qualifies as a basic, plump white wine with mild fruit, oily notes and some bitterness. END
START HERE Fresh, minerally red-fruit aromas set up a light but good palate. Modest oak and red fruit flavors are earthy and a bit warm, while the finish is easy, clean and fresh. For $7, there's almost nothing to take issue with.", 'With little varietal character on the nose, this qualifies as a basic, plump white wine with mild fruit, oily notes and some bitterness.', 'Though simple, this is a fresh, crisp, lightly herbal wine, with fruit flavors emphasizing melon and citrus. END
START HERE With little varietal character on the nose, this qualifies as a basic, plump white wine with mild fruit, oily notes and some bitterness.', 'Though simple, this is a fresh, crisp, lightly herbal wine, with fruit flavors emphasizing melon and citrus.', 'Although obviously still young, this fruity wine will develop fast. It benefits from the ripe fruit of the vintage, sweet black currants and berries that are given a crisp edge by the acidity. Already balanced, it will be drinkable from 2016. END
START HERE Though simple, this is a fresh, crisp, lightly herbal wine, with fruit flavors emphasizing melon and citrus.', 'Although obviously still young, this fruity wine will develop fast. It benefits from the ripe fruit of the vintage, sweet black currants and berries that are given a crisp edge by the acidity. Already balanced, it will be drinkable from 2016.', 'Aromas of banana, mango, and pineapple open to flavors of tropical fruit salad, mango and banana and a soft finish. END
START HERE Although obviously still young, this fruity wine will develop fast. It benefits from the ripe fruit of the vintage, sweet black currants and berries that are given a crisp edge by the acidity. Already balanced, it will be drinkable from 2016.', 'Aromas of banana, mango, and pineapple open to flavors of tropical fruit salad, mango and banana and a soft finish.', "Saturated in color and quite big, with penetrating aromas that scream of youth and exuberance. There's sun-drenched ripe-berry flavors and some big tannins that result in a grippy mouthfeel and ultimately a starched palate. Drink with cheeseburgers, London broil and the like. Best Buy. END
START HERE Aromas of banana, mango, and pineapple open to flavors of tropical fruit salad, mango and banana and a soft finish.', "Saturated in color and quite big, with penetrating aromas that scream of youth and exuberance. There's sun-drenched ripe-berry flavors and some big tannins that result in a grippy mouthfeel and ultimately a starched palate. Drink with cheeseburgers, London broil and the like. Best Buy.", 'Jasmine and fresh-cut pineapple scents lead the way to tropical fruit flavors of guava and mango and a soft finish. END
START HERE Saturated in color and quite big, with penetrating aromas that scream of youth and exuberance. There's sun-drenched ripe-berry flavors and some big tannins that result in a grippy mouthfeel and ultimately a starched palate. Drink with cheeseburgers, London broil and the like. Best Buy.", 'Jasmine and fresh-cut pineapple scents lead the way to tropical fruit flavors of guava and mango and a soft finish.', "Nice and dry, with citrus flavors backed up with bright acidity that gets your tastebuds whistling. It's a wine that calls for goat cheese, grilled veggies, sourdough baguettes, fried chicken, cold cuts and fresh fruit. In other words, a picnic. END
START HERE Jasmine and fresh-cut pineapple scents lead the way to tropical fruit flavors of guava and mango and a soft finish.', "Nice and dry, with citrus flavors backed up with bright acidity that gets your tastebuds whistling. It's a wine that calls for goat cheese, grilled veggies, sourdough baguettes, fried chicken, cold cuts and fresh fruit. In other words, a picnic.", "This baby starts out like any child; it's awkward and clumsy. But it's also nicely extracted and chewy, with ripe plum fruit, hints of licorice and a culminating toasty, slightly burnt note. The finish is tight and beefy, with good tannins, while overall it's enjoyable to drink even if it doesn't pretend to be highly sophisticated. END
START HERE Nice and dry, with citrus flavors backed up with bright acidity that gets your tastebuds whistling. It's a wine that calls for goat cheese, grilled veggies, sourdough baguettes, fried chicken, cold cuts and fresh fruit. In other words, a picnic.", "This baby starts out like any child; it's awkward and clumsy. But it's also nicely extracted and chewy, with ripe plum fruit, hints of licorice and a culminating toasty, slightly burnt note. The finish is tight and beefy, with good tannins, while overall it's enjoyable to drink even if it doesn't pretend to be highly sophisticated.", 'Crisp red-fruit aromas are simple, direct and clean. This bounces along on rubbery tannins and tastes like blackberry and toast. Mild bitterness and grabbiness get going on the finish. END
START HERE This baby starts out like any child; it's awkward and clumsy. But it's also nicely extracted and chewy, with ripe plum fruit, hints of licorice and a culminating toasty, slightly burnt note. The finish is tight and beefy, with good tannins, while overall it's enjoyable to drink even if it doesn't pretend to be highly sophisticated.", 'Crisp red-fruit aromas are simple, direct and clean. This bounces along on rubbery tannins and tastes like blackberry and toast. Mild bitterness and grabbiness get going on the finish.', 'A simple little Cabernet, soft and silky, with sweet, candied flavors of raspberries, cherries and vanilla. Pretty good for the price. END
START HERE Crisp red-fruit aromas are simple, direct and clean. This bounces along on rubbery tannins and tastes like blackberry and toast. Mild bitterness and grabbiness get going on the finish.', 'A simple little Cabernet, soft and silky, with sweet, candied flavors of raspberries, cherries and vanilla. Pretty good for the price.', 'Deep in color, big in flavor and full bodied, this is a rustic, straightforward wine. It smells like very ripe blackberry and black cherry, tastes dense and feels full, tannic and firm-textured. END
START HERE A simple little Cabernet, soft and silky, with sweet, candied flavors of raspberries, cherries and vanilla. Pretty good for the price.', 'Deep in color, big in flavor and full bodied, this is a rustic, straightforward wine. It smells like very ripe blackberry and black cherry, tastes dense and feels full, tannic and firm-textured.', 'The wine is dry, dense although with a fine fruity potential. Underneath the dry texture, the wine is full of black-currant fruitiness. The vineyard is managed by Jacques Chardat and winemaking by Grégory Dalla Longa. Drink from 2019. END
START HERE Deep in color, big in flavor and full bodied, this is a rustic, straightforward wine. It smells like very ripe blackberry and black cherry, tastes dense and feels full, tannic and firm-textured.', 'The wine is dry, dense although with a fine fruity potential. Underneath the dry texture, the wine is full of black-currant fruitiness. The vineyard is managed by Jacques Chardat and winemaking by Grégory Dalla Longa. Drink from 2019.', 'Odd and unusual aromas of murky fruit and clove are matched on the palate, which tastes of fake oak, clove and little else. This Pinot seems more artificial than natural. END
START HERE The wine is dry, dense although with a fine fruity potential. Underneath the dry texture, the wine is full of black-currant fruitiness. The vineyard is managed by Jacques Chardat and winemaking by Grégory Dalla Longa. Drink from 2019.', 'Odd and unusual aromas of murky fruit and clove are matched on the palate, which tastes of fake oak, clove and little else. This Pinot seems more artificial than natural.', "Simple melon and vanilla aromas and flavors in a lightweight wine. It'll go fine with carryout rotisserie chicken on a busy weeknight, when something else might be overkill. END
START HERE Odd and unusual aromas of murky fruit and clove are matched on the palate, which tastes of fake oak, clove and little else. This Pinot seems more artificial than natural.', "Simple melon and vanilla aromas and flavors in a lightweight wine. It'll go fine with carryout rotisserie chicken on a busy weeknight, when something else might be overkill.", "Kalbarri's Cab boasts plenty of red-berry flavors and a soft, easygoing, maybe even slightly sweet, finish. END
START HERE Simple melon and vanilla aromas and flavors in a lightweight wine. It'll go fine with carryout rotisserie chicken on a busy weeknight, when something else might be overkill.", "Kalbarri's Cab boasts plenty of red-berry flavors and a soft, easygoing, maybe even slightly sweet, finish.", "Light in color and style, this wine seems more similar to a Pinot Noir than a Merlot. There's no apparent oak influence to interfere with the notes of ash, red currant, saline and bell pepper that are supported by a light grip of tannins. END
START HERE Kalbarri's Cab boasts plenty of red-berry flavors and a soft, easygoing, maybe even slightly sweet, finish.", "Light in color and style, this wine seems more similar to a Pinot Noir than a Merlot. There's no apparent oak influence to interfere with the notes of ash, red currant, saline and bell pepper that are supported by a light grip of tannins.", 'The nose delivers solid, generally clean berry aromas with lift. The palate is bouncy, shows decent acidity, and bumps along while offering standard red berry flavors in front of a light, medicinal finish. Good everyday Cab for the price. END
START HERE Light in color and style, this wine seems more similar to a Pinot Noir than a Merlot. There's no apparent oak influence to interfere with the notes of ash, red currant, saline and bell pepper that are supported by a light grip of tannins.", 'The nose delivers solid, generally clean berry aromas with lift. The palate is bouncy, shows decent acidity, and bumps along while offering standard red berry flavors in front of a light, medicinal finish. Good everyday Cab for the price.', 'Okay for everyday purposes, a gentle wine with candied pineapple and apple flavors and oaky notes of vanilla and honey. END
START HERE The nose delivers solid, generally clean berry aromas with lift. The palate is bouncy, shows decent acidity, and bumps along while offering standard red berry flavors in front of a light, medicinal finish. Good everyday Cab for the price.', 'Okay for everyday purposes, a gentle wine with candied pineapple and apple flavors and oaky notes of vanilla and honey.', 'From the Setúbal Peninsula, this 100% Periquita is bright and cherry-laden. Soft and velvety in texture, yet with sufficient acidity to accompany food. Be forewarned: There are some nasty bottle stinks that warrant decanting prior to serving. Best Buy. END
START HERE Okay for everyday purposes, a gentle wine with candied pineapple and apple flavors and oaky notes of vanilla and honey.', 'From the Setúbal Peninsula, this 100% Periquita is bright and cherry-laden. Soft and velvety in texture, yet with sufficient acidity to accompany food. Be forewarned: There are some nasty bottle stinks that warrant decanting prior to serving. Best Buy.', 'This Merlot excels beyond its bargain classification by showing purity and a high level of fruit quality. The bouquet exudes plum, chocolate and some creaminess, while the palate bursts with blackberry, bitter chocolate and espresso. Round and satisfying, with enough structure to last a year or two—or until the next vintage comes around. END
START HERE From the Setúbal Peninsula, this 100% Periquita is bright and cherry-laden. Soft and velvety in texture, yet with sufficient acidity to accompany food. Be forewarned: There are some nasty bottle stinks that warrant decanting prior to serving. Best Buy.', 'This Merlot excels beyond its bargain classification by showing purity and a high level of fruit quality. The bouquet exudes plum, chocolate and some creaminess, while the palate bursts with blackberry, bitter chocolate and espresso. Round and satisfying, with enough structure to last a year or two—or until the next vintage comes around.', 'Lemon and apple aromas are basic, while the palate is spongey and offers only mild acidity to boost slightly mealy citrus and persimmon flavors. Finishes flat as a board. END
START HERE This Merlot excels beyond its bargain classification by showing purity and a high level of fruit quality. The bouquet exudes plum, chocolate and some creaminess, while the palate bursts with blackberry, bitter chocolate and espresso. Round and satisfying, with enough structure to last a year or two—or until the next vintage comes around.', 'Lemon and apple aromas are basic, while the palate is spongey and offers only mild acidity to boost slightly mealy citrus and persimmon flavors. Finishes flat as a board.', "Here's a wine that, while expressing the structure of the vintage, brings warmth and a rich blackberry flavor as well. It has a fine texture and a firm, upright feel. Ready for drinking in a year. END
START HERE Lemon and apple aromas are basic, while the palate is spongey and offers only mild acidity to boost slightly mealy citrus and persimmon flavors. Finishes flat as a board.', "Here's a wine that, while expressing the structure of the vintage, brings warmth and a rich blackberry flavor as well. It has a fine texture and a firm, upright feel. Ready for drinking in a year.", "Light apple aromas lead to a sweet, mildly candied palate of monotone apple flavors. Acidity is up there, so there isn't any overt thickness or chunkiness to the wine. Rudimentary and quaffable. END
START HERE Here's a wine that, while expressing the structure of the vintage, brings warmth and a rich blackberry flavor as well. It has a fine texture and a firm, upright feel. Ready for drinking in a year.", "Light apple aromas lead to a sweet, mildly candied palate of monotone apple flavors. Acidity is up there, so there isn't any overt thickness or chunkiness to the wine. Rudimentary and quaffable.", 'Tart and lemony, without anything to elevate it above the crowd. Some slight butterfat flavors hint at malolactic fermentation, but it falls flat in the finish. END
START HERE Light apple aromas lead to a sweet, mildly candied palate of monotone apple flavors. Acidity is up there, so there isn't any overt thickness or chunkiness to the wine. Rudimentary and quaffable.", 'Tart and lemony, without anything to elevate it above the crowd. Some slight butterfat flavors hint at malolactic fermentation, but it falls flat in the finish.', "Fresh and fruity, Jacques Chardat's wine is packed with red-berry fruit along with a dry core. The tannins and acidity will develop well as the wine ages to produce a ripe, fruity wine. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE Tart and lemony, without anything to elevate it above the crowd. Some slight butterfat flavors hint at malolactic fermentation, but it falls flat in the finish.', "Fresh and fruity, Jacques Chardat's wine is packed with red-berry fruit along with a dry core. The tannins and acidity will develop well as the wine ages to produce a ripe, fruity wine. Drink from 2018.", 'The aromas are not that inviting: roasted tomato, bramble, burnt earth, etc. The mouth is textured and solid, with savory, herbal berry flavors. Grabby and full on the finish, with a reduced, weighty overall persona. Strained but still pretty good for the money. END
START HERE Fresh and fruity, Jacques Chardat's wine is packed with red-berry fruit along with a dry core. The tannins and acidity will develop well as the wine ages to produce a ripe, fruity wine. Drink from 2018.", 'The aromas are not that inviting: roasted tomato, bramble, burnt earth, etc. The mouth is textured and solid, with savory, herbal berry flavors. Grabby and full on the finish, with a reduced, weighty overall persona. Strained but still pretty good for the money.', "The label is pretty, but the wine itself doesn't offer much. It's dry and thin, with simple Cabernet-like blackberry flavors. END
START HERE The aromas are not that inviting: roasted tomato, bramble, burnt earth, etc. The mouth is textured and solid, with savory, herbal berry flavors. Grabby and full on the finish, with a reduced, weighty overall persona. Strained but still pretty good for the money.', "The label is pretty, but the wine itself doesn't offer much. It's dry and thin, with simple Cabernet-like blackberry flavors.", "There's a distinct floral streak to this lightly aromatic Chardonnay, which also has notes of apple and spice. Though it has 61 g/L residual sugar, it drinks dry with bitter notes on the finish. END
START HERE The label is pretty, but the wine itself doesn't offer much. It's dry and thin, with simple Cabernet-like blackberry flavors.", "There's a distinct floral streak to this lightly aromatic Chardonnay, which also has notes of apple and spice. Though it has 61 g/L residual sugar, it drinks dry with bitter notes on the finish.", 'Spicy, peppery aromas yield to tomato but not much fruit. The palate is sour, with tart plum and cherry. And the finish is equally lean and tart. High acids and not much fruit equals a lower-end wine. END
START HERE There's a distinct floral streak to this lightly aromatic Chardonnay, which also has notes of apple and spice. Though it has 61 g/L residual sugar, it drinks dry with bitter notes on the finish.", 'Spicy, peppery aromas yield to tomato but not much fruit. The palate is sour, with tart plum and cherry. And the finish is equally lean and tart. High acids and not much fruit equals a lower-end wine.', "The nose is a tiny bit pickled, probably a sign of American oak, but there's also raspberry and garden-like freshness. The palate is ripe and juicy, with plenty of sweetness. As a whole it's tasty, balanced and expressive. For a day-to-day Cabernet, this one is recommended. END
START HERE Spicy, peppery aromas yield to tomato but not much fruit. The palate is sour, with tart plum and cherry. And the finish is equally lean and tart. High acids and not much fruit equals a lower-end wine.', "The nose is a tiny bit pickled, probably a sign of American oak, but there's also raspberry and garden-like freshness. The palate is ripe and juicy, with plenty of sweetness. As a whole it's tasty, balanced and expressive. For a day-to-day Cabernet, this one is recommended.", 'Kudos to Gallo for letting people know this wine is sweet. That avoids a lot of confusion. The honey, tangerine and peach flavors are balanced with lots of zesty acidity. Delightful, and a great bargain. END
START HERE The nose is a tiny bit pickled, probably a sign of American oak, but there's also raspberry and garden-like freshness. The palate is ripe and juicy, with plenty of sweetness. As a whole it's tasty, balanced and expressive. For a day-to-day Cabernet, this one is recommended.", 'Kudos to Gallo for letting people know this wine is sweet. That avoids a lot of confusion. The honey, tangerine and peach flavors are balanced with lots of zesty acidity. Delightful, and a great bargain.', "This is a Bordeaux blend, and while it's a simple wine, the price isn't bad. It shows plenty of ripe raspberry and cherry fruit, and finishes on the sweet side. END
START HERE Kudos to Gallo for letting people know this wine is sweet. That avoids a lot of confusion. The honey, tangerine and peach flavors are balanced with lots of zesty acidity. Delightful, and a great bargain.', "This is a Bordeaux blend, and while it's a simple wine, the price isn't bad. It shows plenty of ripe raspberry and cherry fruit, and finishes on the sweet side.", "Tar, ink and rubber aromas dominate this Syrah's nose. Mouthfeel is thin and the palate is a bit hollow, with generic mixed-berry flavors plus a little earth. Finishes tannic. END
START HERE This is a Bordeaux blend, and while it's a simple wine, the price isn't bad. It shows plenty of ripe raspberry and cherry fruit, and finishes on the sweet side.", "Tar, ink and rubber aromas dominate this Syrah's nose. Mouthfeel is thin and the palate is a bit hollow, with generic mixed-berry flavors plus a little earth. Finishes tannic.", 'Boysenberry and blueberry notes open this good value, straightforward red. The palate has the slightest grip and the finish is a bit longer than one has a right to expect at this price level. END
START HERE Tar, ink and rubber aromas dominate this Syrah's nose. Mouthfeel is thin and the palate is a bit hollow, with generic mixed-berry flavors plus a little earth. Finishes tannic.", 'Boysenberry and blueberry notes open this good value, straightforward red. The palate has the slightest grip and the finish is a bit longer than one has a right to expect at this price level.', 'Pretty good wine for the price. Semi-sweet flavors of apricots, citrus fruits and spices are balanced with crisp, Central Coast acidity. END
START HERE Boysenberry and blueberry notes open this good value, straightforward red. The palate has the slightest grip and the finish is a bit longer than one has a right to expect at this price level.', 'Pretty good wine for the price. Semi-sweet flavors of apricots, citrus fruits and spices are balanced with crisp, Central Coast acidity.', "How do you make a Riesling this good and sell it for seven bucks? Juicy and fruity, it's absolutely loaded with citrus and stone fruit flavors, but offers supporting acidity, good length, and a touch of minerality. END
START HERE Pretty good wine for the price. Semi-sweet flavors of apricots, citrus fruits and spices are balanced with crisp, Central Coast acidity.', "How do you make a Riesling this good and sell it for seven bucks? Juicy and fruity, it's absolutely loaded with citrus and stone fruit flavors, but offers supporting acidity, good length, and a touch of minerality.", 'This wine is ripe with dense blackberry fruits and some firm, dry smoky tannins. It has the fruitiness and acidity typical of the vintage, along with some depth of flavor and a smooth aftertaste. Drink from 2017. END
START HERE How do you make a Riesling this good and sell it for seven bucks? Juicy and fruity, it's absolutely loaded with citrus and stone fruit flavors, but offers supporting acidity, good length, and a touch of minerality.", 'This wine is ripe with dense blackberry fruits and some firm, dry smoky tannins. It has the fruitiness and acidity typical of the vintage, along with some depth of flavor and a smooth aftertaste. Drink from 2017.', 'Soft, sweet and simple, with peach, tropical fruit and buttered toast flavors, this Chard will satisfy basic fans of the variety looking for a bargain. END
START HERE This wine is ripe with dense blackberry fruits and some firm, dry smoky tannins. It has the fruitiness and acidity typical of the vintage, along with some depth of flavor and a smooth aftertaste. Drink from 2017.', 'Soft, sweet and simple, with peach, tropical fruit and buttered toast flavors, this Chard will satisfy basic fans of the variety looking for a bargain.', 'This is a fine value and actually a pretty nice Merlot. Dry and soft, it has very attractive flavors of cherries, cocoa, pepper and mint, and finishes with a nice, sweet touch of smoky vanilla. END
START HERE Soft, sweet and simple, with peach, tropical fruit and buttered toast flavors, this Chard will satisfy basic fans of the variety looking for a bargain.', 'This is a fine value and actually a pretty nice Merlot. Dry and soft, it has very attractive flavors of cherries, cocoa, pepper and mint, and finishes with a nice, sweet touch of smoky vanilla.', 'The blend includes 6% Pinot Gris. This is a crisp, well-crafted bottle of wine, with more flesh and fruit than the Pine & Post Chardonnay from Precept Brands. Melon, pear, and orange fruit is accented with a little honey; this is a big step forward for this brand. END
START HERE This is a fine value and actually a pretty nice Merlot. Dry and soft, it has very attractive flavors of cherries, cocoa, pepper and mint, and finishes with a nice, sweet touch of smoky vanilla.', 'The blend includes 6% Pinot Gris. This is a crisp, well-crafted bottle of wine, with more flesh and fruit than the Pine & Post Chardonnay from Precept Brands. Melon, pear, and orange fruit is accented with a little honey; this is a big step forward for this brand.', 'Yellow in color and thick in the bouquet. The nose is hard to peg, but there are notes of mustard and asparagus. The palate offers some orange and apple flavors, but also something similar to canned peas. It seems overripe and past its prime. END
START HERE The blend includes 6% Pinot Gris. This is a crisp, well-crafted bottle of wine, with more flesh and fruit than the Pine & Post Chardonnay from Precept Brands. Melon, pear, and orange fruit is accented with a little honey; this is a big step forward for this brand.', 'Yellow in color and thick in the bouquet. The nose is hard to peg, but there are notes of mustard and asparagus. The palate offers some orange and apple flavors, but also something similar to canned peas. It seems overripe and past its prime.', 'This opens with an unusual aroma that recalls floral air freshener, roasted coffee bean and a medicinal note. The palate is diluted with jumbled flavors of red apple skin, small berries and toasted walnuts. It has a green, bitter finish. END
START HERE Yellow in color and thick in the bouquet. The nose is hard to peg, but there are notes of mustard and asparagus. The palate offers some orange and apple flavors, but also something similar to canned peas. It seems overripe and past its prime.', 'This opens with an unusual aroma that recalls floral air freshener, roasted coffee bean and a medicinal note. The palate is diluted with jumbled flavors of red apple skin, small berries and toasted walnuts. It has a green, bitter finish.', "A good buy for its dryness and overall balance. You won't mistake it for a cult Cabernet, but the blackberry and currant flavors work. END
START HERE This opens with an unusual aroma that recalls floral air freshener, roasted coffee bean and a medicinal note. The palate is diluted with jumbled flavors of red apple skin, small berries and toasted walnuts. It has a green, bitter finish.', "A good buy for its dryness and overall balance. You won't mistake it for a cult Cabernet, but the blackberry and currant flavors work.", "For the price you can't go wrong with a wine like this. It's flowery and fruity, and beyond that it doesn't pretend to be more than it is. There's a natural creaminess to the feel and full melon and white fruit flavors. Proof that some Chardonnays do better without oak. END
START HERE A good buy for its dryness and overall balance. You won't mistake it for a cult Cabernet, but the blackberry and currant flavors work.", "For the price you can't go wrong with a wine like this. It's flowery and fruity, and beyond that it doesn't pretend to be more than it is. There's a natural creaminess to the feel and full melon and white fruit flavors. Proof that some Chardonnays do better without oak.", "Fairly round in the mouth, this has blackberry, vanilla and butter notes. It's rugged and simple, but tasty. END
START HERE For the price you can't go wrong with a wine like this. It's flowery and fruity, and beyond that it doesn't pretend to be more than it is. There's a natural creaminess to the feel and full melon and white fruit flavors. Proof that some Chardonnays do better without oak.", "Fairly round in the mouth, this has blackberry, vanilla and butter notes. It's rugged and simple, but tasty.", "Bright cherry red in color, it offers aromas of blackberry, cranberry and freshly picked cherries. Flavors include blackberries, red raspberries and sour cherry pie. It's a bit light when it comes to body but it has a refreshing level of acidity in the clean finish. END
START HERE Fairly round in the mouth, this has blackberry, vanilla and butter notes. It's rugged and simple, but tasty.", "Bright cherry red in color, it offers aromas of blackberry, cranberry and freshly picked cherries. Flavors include blackberries, red raspberries and sour cherry pie. It's a bit light when it comes to body but it has a refreshing level of acidity in the clean finish.", 'Light and fruity, this is an immediately attractive, fragrant, off-dry wine. With its red berry flavors, it tastes warm and inviting. The touch of acidity reinforces the bright drinkability. END
START HERE Bright cherry red in color, it offers aromas of blackberry, cranberry and freshly picked cherries. Flavors include blackberries, red raspberries and sour cherry pie. It's a bit light when it comes to body but it has a refreshing level of acidity in the clean finish.", 'Light and fruity, this is an immediately attractive, fragrant, off-dry wine. With its red berry flavors, it tastes warm and inviting. The touch of acidity reinforces the bright drinkability.', 'This is an aromatic, lightly sweet wine. It has ripe strawberry fruits that have just enough acidity to keep the wine crisp. Drink now. END
START HERE Light and fruity, this is an immediately attractive, fragrant, off-dry wine. With its red berry flavors, it tastes warm and inviting. The touch of acidity reinforces the bright drinkability.', 'This is an aromatic, lightly sweet wine. It has ripe strawberry fruits that have just enough acidity to keep the wine crisp. Drink now.', 'A very sweet red blend, this has easy-to-like raspberry and vanilla flavors. Give it a slight chill and drink it with ham sandwiches. END
START HERE This is an aromatic, lightly sweet wine. It has ripe strawberry fruits that have just enough acidity to keep the wine crisp. Drink now.', 'A very sweet red blend, this has easy-to-like raspberry and vanilla flavors. Give it a slight chill and drink it with ham sandwiches.', 'Clean and fruity--what can one reasonably ask of a wine at this price point? Pineapple and other tropical fruit flavors are delivered by a round, easy mouthfeel and soft finish. END
START HERE A very sweet red blend, this has easy-to-like raspberry and vanilla flavors. Give it a slight chill and drink it with ham sandwiches.', 'Clean and fruity--what can one reasonably ask of a wine at this price point? Pineapple and other tropical fruit flavors are delivered by a round, easy mouthfeel and soft finish.', 'Medicinal black cherry aromas turn heavier and more prune-like with air. The palate is reasonably solid and healthy in feel, but monotonous and devoid of layering. Tastes tangy, zesty and mostly clean, with slightly baked flavors and a spot of heat. END
START HERE Clean and fruity--what can one reasonably ask of a wine at this price point? Pineapple and other tropical fruit flavors are delivered by a round, easy mouthfeel and soft finish.', 'Medicinal black cherry aromas turn heavier and more prune-like with air. The palate is reasonably solid and healthy in feel, but monotonous and devoid of layering. Tastes tangy, zesty and mostly clean, with slightly baked flavors and a spot of heat.', 'Roasted, rubbery aromas fold in olive and asphalt. The palate has a decent feel and herbal flavors of olive and leafy, mulchy black fruits. Herbs and black olive flavors work the finish as well. END
START HERE Medicinal black cherry aromas turn heavier and more prune-like with air. The palate is reasonably solid and healthy in feel, but monotonous and devoid of layering. Tastes tangy, zesty and mostly clean, with slightly baked flavors and a spot of heat.', 'Roasted, rubbery aromas fold in olive and asphalt. The palate has a decent feel and herbal flavors of olive and leafy, mulchy black fruits. Herbs and black olive flavors work the finish as well.', 'Not bad for a seven buck Chardonnay in a screwtop. Shows plenty of varietal flavor in the buttercream, honey and pineapple flavors. Easy to find, with 20,000 cases produced. END
START HERE Roasted, rubbery aromas fold in olive and asphalt. The palate has a decent feel and herbal flavors of olive and leafy, mulchy black fruits. Herbs and black olive flavors work the finish as well.', 'Not bad for a seven buck Chardonnay in a screwtop. Shows plenty of varietal flavor in the buttercream, honey and pineapple flavors. Easy to find, with 20,000 cases produced.', 'Floral and butter-candy aromas and flavors make this not exactly sweet but rather light, soft and airy. A dreamy confection, it feels light to medium bodied and smooth in texture. END
START HERE Not bad for a seven buck Chardonnay in a screwtop. Shows plenty of varietal flavor in the buttercream, honey and pineapple flavors. Easy to find, with 20,000 cases produced.', 'Floral and butter-candy aromas and flavors make this not exactly sweet but rather light, soft and airy. A dreamy confection, it feels light to medium bodied and smooth in texture.', 'A light Chardonnnay showing  pineapple and pear aromas, and similar flavors that turn quite lemony on the palate. Turns  slightly tart on the finish, but the bright feel and the light flavors make it a good candidate for a bar pour or party wine. END
START HERE Floral and butter-candy aromas and flavors make this not exactly sweet but rather light, soft and airy. A dreamy confection, it feels light to medium bodied and smooth in texture.', 'A light Chardonnnay showing  pineapple and pear aromas, and similar flavors that turn quite lemony on the palate. Turns  slightly tart on the finish, but the bright feel and the light flavors make it a good candidate for a bar pour or party wine.', 'Aromas of mushroom, dirty water and mud puddle are far from inviting. Herbal, briny flavors of mushroom, salt and bitterness come with almost no fruit. END
START HERE A light Chardonnnay showing  pineapple and pear aromas, and similar flavors that turn quite lemony on the palate. Turns  slightly tart on the finish, but the bright feel and the light flavors make it a good candidate for a bar pour or party wine.', 'Aromas of mushroom, dirty water and mud puddle are far from inviting. Herbal, briny flavors of mushroom, salt and bitterness come with almost no fruit.', 'This Slovenian Chardonnay has aromas of orange, vanilla, toasted almonds and citrus blossom. The mouth delivers flavors of honeydew melon, pear and apple before a crisp acidic finish. END
START HERE Aromas of mushroom, dirty water and mud puddle are far from inviting. Herbal, briny flavors of mushroom, salt and bitterness come with almost no fruit.', 'This Slovenian Chardonnay has aromas of orange, vanilla, toasted almonds and citrus blossom. The mouth delivers flavors of honeydew melon, pear and apple before a crisp acidic finish.', 'This has overripe tropical-fruit aromas on the nose. Wheaty, oxidized flavors finish with a note of mushy fruit. END
START HERE This Slovenian Chardonnay has aromas of orange, vanilla, toasted almonds and citrus blossom. The mouth delivers flavors of honeydew melon, pear and apple before a crisp acidic finish.', 'This has overripe tropical-fruit aromas on the nose. Wheaty, oxidized flavors finish with a note of mushy fruit.', 'Lightly spritzy, grassy and crisp, with melon, pineapple and grapefruit. Is there just a hint of sweetness to cut the grassiness?. END
START HERE This has overripe tropical-fruit aromas on the nose. Wheaty, oxidized flavors finish with a note of mushy fruit.', 'Lightly spritzy, grassy and crisp, with melon, pineapple and grapefruit. Is there just a hint of sweetness to cut the grassiness?', 'A little common and rustic, with some unripe, green tastes beside the blackberry flavors. But the wine is softly dry and nicely oaked, and will serve well for big parties. END
START HERE Lightly spritzy, grassy and crisp, with melon, pineapple and grapefruit. Is there just a hint of sweetness to cut the grassiness?', 'A little common and rustic, with some unripe, green tastes beside the blackberry flavors. But the wine is softly dry and nicely oaked, and will serve well for big parties.', "This Merlot defines the concept of party wine. It's clean, crisp and ripe, with cherries, cola and toast notes. END
START HERE A little common and rustic, with some unripe, green tastes beside the blackberry flavors. But the wine is softly dry and nicely oaked, and will serve well for big parties.', "This Merlot defines the concept of party wine. It's clean, crisp and ripe, with cherries, cola and toast notes.", "Pepperwood's first foray into Chilean Pinot Noir leaves a bit to be desired, even at $7. The nose is mulchy and candied, while the palate is clumsy, with candied berry, cocoa powder, vanilla and other sweet flavors. END
START HERE This Merlot defines the concept of party wine. It's clean, crisp and ripe, with cherries, cola and toast notes.", "Pepperwood's first foray into Chilean Pinot Noir leaves a bit to be desired, even at $7. The nose is mulchy and candied, while the palate is clumsy, with candied berry, cocoa powder, vanilla and other sweet flavors.", "This copper colored rosé is a touch flat, with notes of mushy red berries and melon rind that are hit with a minty accent. The palate is zippy and lifted by ample acidity, though there's a noticeable sweetness to the ripe-fruit flavors. END
START HERE Pepperwood's first foray into Chilean Pinot Noir leaves a bit to be desired, even at $7. The nose is mulchy and candied, while the palate is clumsy, with candied berry, cocoa powder, vanilla and other sweet flavors.", "This copper colored rosé is a touch flat, with notes of mushy red berries and melon rind that are hit with a minty accent. The palate is zippy and lifted by ample acidity, though there's a noticeable sweetness to the ripe-fruit flavors.", "Kind of bland and regular, but on the plus side it's fresh, feline and green, with lightly pickled gooseberry flavors. Fleshy and wan on the palate but with no glaring issues or off flavors. Drink now. END
START HERE This copper colored rosé is a touch flat, with notes of mushy red berries and melon rind that are hit with a minty accent. The palate is zippy and lifted by ample acidity, though there's a noticeable sweetness to the ripe-fruit flavors.", "Kind of bland and regular, but on the plus side it's fresh, feline and green, with lightly pickled gooseberry flavors. Fleshy and wan on the palate but with no glaring issues or off flavors. Drink now.", 'This wine does a good job of delivering ripe cherry and plum flavors, and has a smooth, inviting texture in spite of a firm level of tannin. The flavors are mild enough to please most anyone. END
START HERE Kind of bland and regular, but on the plus side it's fresh, feline and green, with lightly pickled gooseberry flavors. Fleshy and wan on the palate but with no glaring issues or off flavors. Drink now.", 'This wine does a good job of delivering ripe cherry and plum flavors, and has a smooth, inviting texture in spite of a firm level of tannin. The flavors are mild enough to please most anyone.', "Despite showing somewhat volatile berry aromas, this is more than solid as a whole. Wiry angularity on the palate is offset by fleshy berry fruit, while flavors of plum, blackberry and salt are a touch grassy in front of a superficial finish that's slightly hot. END
START HERE This wine does a good job of delivering ripe cherry and plum flavors, and has a smooth, inviting texture in spite of a firm level of tannin. The flavors are mild enough to please most anyone.', "Despite showing somewhat volatile berry aromas, this is more than solid as a whole. Wiry angularity on the palate is offset by fleshy berry fruit, while flavors of plum, blackberry and salt are a touch grassy in front of a superficial finish that's slightly hot.", "Bargain hunters should like this mildly medicinal Cab because it's got raspberry and black fruit character and only minor faults, i.e. slight medicinality. Otherwise it's fruity, steady and respectable, with good body and mouthfeel. END
START HERE Despite showing somewhat volatile berry aromas, this is more than solid as a whole. Wiry angularity on the palate is offset by fleshy berry fruit, while flavors of plum, blackberry and salt are a touch grassy in front of a superficial finish that's slightly hot.", "Bargain hunters should like this mildly medicinal Cab because it's got raspberry and black fruit character and only minor faults, i.e. slight medicinality. Otherwise it's fruity, steady and respectable, with good body and mouthfeel.", "Barely drinkable, although you'll get by at big parties where nobody cares. It's silky, sweet and minty. END
START HERE Bargain hunters should like this mildly medicinal Cab because it's got raspberry and black fruit character and only minor faults, i.e. slight medicinality. Otherwise it's fruity, steady and respectable, with good body and mouthfeel.", "Barely drinkable, although you'll get by at big parties where nobody cares. It's silky, sweet and minty.", 'Attractive and correct berry, plum and cocoa aromas open to a plummy palate, with a round mouthfeel. The cocoa and toast finish has easy tannins. Has all the right elements, but in a rather simple expression, wanting intensity. END
START HERE Barely drinkable, although you'll get by at big parties where nobody cares. It's silky, sweet and minty.", 'Attractive and correct berry, plum and cocoa aromas open to a plummy palate, with a round mouthfeel. The cocoa and toast finish has easy tannins. Has all the right elements, but in a rather simple expression, wanting intensity.', "Jammy, soft and juicy, this Cabernet Sauvignon tastes almost like a California field blend. But that's not bad, if not particularly varietally focused. Easy, very drinkable, it's a kind of “Cab-jolais” that can work as a bar pour or party wine. END
START HERE Attractive and correct berry, plum and cocoa aromas open to a plummy palate, with a round mouthfeel. The cocoa and toast finish has easy tannins. Has all the right elements, but in a rather simple expression, wanting intensity.', "Jammy, soft and juicy, this Cabernet Sauvignon tastes almost like a California field blend. But that's not bad, if not particularly varietally focused. Easy, very drinkable, it's a kind of “Cab-jolais” that can work as a bar pour or party wine.", 'With a color akin to the soft pink of ripe peaches, this low-alcohol wine has aromas of peach, apricot, watermelon and vanilla. Drinks fruity and simple but clean and zesty, too, with adequate acidity. Off-dry, it gives the impression of some sweetness. END
START HERE Jammy, soft and juicy, this Cabernet Sauvignon tastes almost like a California field blend. But that's not bad, if not particularly varietally focused. Easy, very drinkable, it's a kind of “Cab-jolais” that can work as a bar pour or party wine.", 'With a color akin to the soft pink of ripe peaches, this low-alcohol wine has aromas of peach, apricot, watermelon and vanilla. Drinks fruity and simple but clean and zesty, too, with adequate acidity. Off-dry, it gives the impression of some sweetness.', "This wine comes from Château le Gardera on the slopes above the Garonne river in the Entre-deux-Mers region. It's a big, wood-aged and spicy wine that's full of attractive red berry fruits. There is a dry core of tannin, so the wine could age although it is quite ready to drink now. END
START HERE With a color akin to the soft pink of ripe peaches, this low-alcohol wine has aromas of peach, apricot, watermelon and vanilla. Drinks fruity and simple but clean and zesty, too, with adequate acidity. Off-dry, it gives the impression of some sweetness.', "This wine comes from Château le Gardera on the slopes above the Garonne river in the Entre-deux-Mers region. It's a big, wood-aged and spicy wine that's full of attractive red berry fruits. There is a dry core of tannin, so the wine could age although it is quite ready to drink now.", "Herbal and appley aromas lead to soft apple and melon flavors in this lively wine. With another sip, a creamy texture and richness come out that add an extra dimension of interest to this inexpensive wine that's hardly a flop. END
START HERE This wine comes from Château le Gardera on the slopes above the Garonne river in the Entre-deux-Mers region. It's a big, wood-aged and spicy wine that's full of attractive red berry fruits. There is a dry core of tannin, so the wine could age although it is quite ready to drink now.", "Herbal and appley aromas lead to soft apple and melon flavors in this lively wine. With another sip, a creamy texture and richness come out that add an extra dimension of interest to this inexpensive wine that's hardly a flop.", 'Crisp and tightly fruity, this wine is bright and suffused with a lively streak of acidity. It dances with fruitiness and just a touch of spice. Drink this wine now. END
START HERE Herbal and appley aromas lead to soft apple and melon flavors in this lively wine. With another sip, a creamy texture and richness come out that add an extra dimension of interest to this inexpensive wine that's hardly a flop.", 'Crisp and tightly fruity, this wine is bright and suffused with a lively streak of acidity. It dances with fruitiness and just a touch of spice. Drink this wine now.', 'Idaho and Merlot are not thoughts that generally spring together in the mind of the wine consumer, but Ste. Chapelle makes a good run at crafting an attractive, perfectly balanced wine here. The fruit is cherry and lightly herbal, and there are interesting flavors of earth and mocha, too. Best Buy. —P.G. END
START HERE Crisp and tightly fruity, this wine is bright and suffused with a lively streak of acidity. It dances with fruitiness and just a touch of spice. Drink this wine now.', 'Idaho and Merlot are not thoughts that generally spring together in the mind of the wine consumer, but Ste. Chapelle makes a good run at crafting an attractive, perfectly balanced wine here. The fruit is cherry and lightly herbal, and there are interesting flavors of earth and mocha, too. Best Buy. —P.G.', 'Sugary sweet and simple, with watermelon and watery raspberry jam flavors. END
START HERE Idaho and Merlot are not thoughts that generally spring together in the mind of the wine consumer, but Ste. Chapelle makes a good run at crafting an attractive, perfectly balanced wine here. The fruit is cherry and lightly herbal, and there are interesting flavors of earth and mocha, too. Best Buy. —P.G.', 'Sugary sweet and simple, with watermelon and watery raspberry jam flavors.', "A light and tart wine, with a bouquet of berry, tea and a touch of barnyard. On the palate, there's more cherry, tea and oak. The fundamental Pinot characteristics are here, but it turns drying and a bit sour on the finish. END
START HERE Sugary sweet and simple, with watermelon and watery raspberry jam flavors.', "A light and tart wine, with a bouquet of berry, tea and a touch of barnyard. On the palate, there's more cherry, tea and oak. The fundamental Pinot characteristics are here, but it turns drying and a bit sour on the finish.", "Reasonably nice peach, melon and apple flavors are nothing extraordinary, but together they make for a decent nose. The palate is soft but not what you'd call flabby, while flavors of pear, apple and banana are innocuous and shouldn't send anyone running to the door. For best results, drinknow. END
START HERE A light and tart wine, with a bouquet of berry, tea and a touch of barnyard. On the palate, there's more cherry, tea and oak. The fundamental Pinot characteristics are here, but it turns drying and a bit sour on the finish.", "Reasonably nice peach, melon and apple flavors are nothing extraordinary, but together they make for a decent nose. The palate is soft but not what you'd call flabby, while flavors of pear, apple and banana are innocuous and shouldn't send anyone running to the door. For best results, drinknow.", 'Very light berry and mint aromas open this austere, dry Cabernet. The fruit is dark, but needs more depth and profile to carry the woody presence here. END
START HERE Reasonably nice peach, melon and apple flavors are nothing extraordinary, but together they make for a decent nose. The palate is soft but not what you'd call flabby, while flavors of pear, apple and banana are innocuous and shouldn't send anyone running to the door. For best results, drinknow.", 'Very light berry and mint aromas open this austere, dry Cabernet. The fruit is dark, but needs more depth and profile to carry the woody presence here.', 'A solid everyday Sauvignon Blanc, dryish and crisp in acidity, with the citrus, lemongrass, vanilla and white pepper flavors you expect in this variety. A good house white wine for restaurants. END
START HERE Very light berry and mint aromas open this austere, dry Cabernet. The fruit is dark, but needs more depth and profile to carry the woody presence here.', 'A solid everyday Sauvignon Blanc, dryish and crisp in acidity, with the citrus, lemongrass, vanilla and white pepper flavors you expect in this variety. A good house white wine for restaurants.', "Sweet caramel, a touch of mintiness, and some earth-tinged cassis grace the nose. That's followed up by simple fruit flavors and a corpulent mouthfeel held together by some light tannins on the finish. END
START HERE A solid everyday Sauvignon Blanc, dryish and crisp in acidity, with the citrus, lemongrass, vanilla and white pepper flavors you expect in this variety. A good house white wine for restaurants.', "Sweet caramel, a touch of mintiness, and some earth-tinged cassis grace the nose. That's followed up by simple fruit flavors and a corpulent mouthfeel held together by some light tannins on the finish.", "A coppery colored, off-dry-to-frankly-sweet wine that's simple, fruity and a little cloying. The dominant flavors are peaches and strawberries, with a very spicy finish, but the acidity seems a bit low. Still, at this price, millions of people will find a lot to like. END
START HERE Sweet caramel, a touch of mintiness, and some earth-tinged cassis grace the nose. That's followed up by simple fruit flavors and a corpulent mouthfeel held together by some light tannins on the finish.", "A coppery colored, off-dry-to-frankly-sweet wine that's simple, fruity and a little cloying. The dominant flavors are peaches and strawberries, with a very spicy finish, but the acidity seems a bit low. Still, at this price, millions of people will find a lot to like.", 'A whiff of red-apple skins, red plum and spice make for a reasonably clean and fresh nose. This feels plump but still vital. Pithy flavors of citrus and cantaloupe turn more pithy on the finish. END
START HERE A coppery colored, off-dry-to-frankly-sweet wine that's simple, fruity and a little cloying. The dominant flavors are peaches and strawberries, with a very spicy finish, but the acidity seems a bit low. Still, at this price, millions of people will find a lot to like.", 'A whiff of red-apple skins, red plum and spice make for a reasonably clean and fresh nose. This feels plump but still vital. Pithy flavors of citrus and cantaloupe turn more pithy on the finish.', 'This is sweet and simple, but its slight burn on the finish makes it harder to swallow. END
START HERE A whiff of red-apple skins, red plum and spice make for a reasonably clean and fresh nose. This feels plump but still vital. Pithy flavors of citrus and cantaloupe turn more pithy on the finish.', 'This is sweet and simple, but its slight burn on the finish makes it harder to swallow.', "If you get at this now you may still enjoy the wine's freshness. Aromas of apricot and apple are clear and unadulterated by oak. The flavors of lemon, apple, pineapple and green papaya are zesty, while lasting acidity on the finish leaves a cleansing, wet impression. END
START HERE This is sweet and simple, but its slight burn on the finish makes it harder to swallow.', "If you get at this now you may still enjoy the wine's freshness. Aromas of apricot and apple are clear and unadulterated by oak. The flavors of lemon, apple, pineapple and green papaya are zesty, while lasting acidity on the finish leaves a cleansing, wet impression.", "With lots of residual sugar, this white Zin is so sweet, it's almost a dessert wine. The sweetness makes the raspberries and cherries taste like candy. END
START HERE If you get at this now you may still enjoy the wine's freshness. Aromas of apricot and apple are clear and unadulterated by oak. The flavors of lemon, apple, pineapple and green papaya are zesty, while lasting acidity on the finish leaves a cleansing, wet impression.", "With lots of residual sugar, this white Zin is so sweet, it's almost a dessert wine. The sweetness makes the raspberries and cherries taste like candy.", 'Soft and dull, with cherry, mint and spice flavors. END
START HERE With lots of residual sugar, this white Zin is so sweet, it's almost a dessert wine. The sweetness makes the raspberries and cherries taste like candy.", 'Soft and dull, with cherry, mint and spice flavors.', "The nose is like citrus candy and applesauce, but it doesn't sing or pop like it could. The mouth is easygoing, with melon and grapefruit, but there's also a bit of unwelcome green bean. This wine fails to excite. —M.S. . END
START HERE Soft and dull, with cherry, mint and spice flavors.', "The nose is like citrus candy and applesauce, but it doesn't sing or pop like it could. The mouth is easygoing, with melon and grapefruit, but there's also a bit of unwelcome green bean. This wine fails to excite. —M.S. .", 'This Romanian Cabernet Sauvignon smells like black raspberry, cherry vanilla and a touch of mint. There are flavors of red berries and red plum on the palate. END
START HERE The nose is like citrus candy and applesauce, but it doesn't sing or pop like it could. The mouth is easygoing, with melon and grapefruit, but there's also a bit of unwelcome green bean. This wine fails to excite. —M.S. .", 'This Romanian Cabernet Sauvignon smells like black raspberry, cherry vanilla and a touch of mint. There are flavors of red berries and red plum on the palate.', 'Jammy flavors of blackberries, cherries and mocha make this taste almost of candied fruits. Despite how juicy it is, this wine finishes dry and firm in tannins. END
START HERE This Romanian Cabernet Sauvignon smells like black raspberry, cherry vanilla and a touch of mint. There are flavors of red berries and red plum on the palate.', 'Jammy flavors of blackberries, cherries and mocha make this taste almost of candied fruits. Despite how juicy it is, this wine finishes dry and firm in tannins.', 'Heaps of blueberry, blackberry and mocha flavors make up the palate of this dry, soft Merlot. A few drops of Petite Sirah, Malbec and Petit Verdot add layers of flavor and texture. END
START HERE Jammy flavors of blackberries, cherries and mocha make this taste almost of candied fruits. Despite how juicy it is, this wine finishes dry and firm in tannins.', 'Heaps of blueberry, blackberry and mocha flavors make up the palate of this dry, soft Merlot. A few drops of Petite Sirah, Malbec and Petit Verdot add layers of flavor and texture.', "This wine is so soft, gently fruity and easy to drink, but without much character or freshness. It's a gentle ramble that takes no effort. END
START HERE Heaps of blueberry, blackberry and mocha flavors make up the palate of this dry, soft Merlot. A few drops of Petite Sirah, Malbec and Petit Verdot add layers of flavor and texture.', "This wine is so soft, gently fruity and easy to drink, but without much character or freshness. It's a gentle ramble that takes no effort.", 'Sweetish and simple, but ripe and lusty in berry and spice flavors, this is a bistro-style wine for everyday drinking. Production was high and the alcohol level is low. END
START HERE This wine is so soft, gently fruity and easy to drink, but without much character or freshness. It's a gentle ramble that takes no effort.", 'Sweetish and simple, but ripe and lusty in berry and spice flavors, this is a bistro-style wine for everyday drinking. Production was high and the alcohol level is low.', 'Sturdy and basic, this Pinot Noir has vegetal aromas, modest fruit flavors, and a dry, lean texture. Aromas suggest tomato and herbs, while flavors are more rich. END
START HERE Sweetish and simple, but ripe and lusty in berry and spice flavors, this is a bistro-style wine for everyday drinking. Production was high and the alcohol level is low.', 'Sturdy and basic, this Pinot Noir has vegetal aromas, modest fruit flavors, and a dry, lean texture. Aromas suggest tomato and herbs, while flavors are more rich.', 'This wine from Francisco Gillmore is earthy and full of tomato and leather aromas. The palate is also a bit like tomato and herbs. The finish is tangy, courtesy of healthy acids, while the finish is tannic and a touch hot. END
START HERE Sturdy and basic, this Pinot Noir has vegetal aromas, modest fruit flavors, and a dry, lean texture. Aromas suggest tomato and herbs, while flavors are more rich.', 'This wine from Francisco Gillmore is earthy and full of tomato and leather aromas. The palate is also a bit like tomato and herbs. The finish is tangy, courtesy of healthy acids, while the finish is tannic and a touch hot.', "The Dreambird Pinot Noir is cheerful and bright, and has a vivid cherry-pie flavor that's laced with vanilla and toasted wood notes. Brisk acidity leads to the crisp, refreshing finish. END
START HERE This wine from Francisco Gillmore is earthy and full of tomato and leather aromas. The palate is also a bit like tomato and herbs. The finish is tangy, courtesy of healthy acids, while the finish is tannic and a touch hot.', "The Dreambird Pinot Noir is cheerful and bright, and has a vivid cherry-pie flavor that's laced with vanilla and toasted wood notes. Brisk acidity leads to the crisp, refreshing finish.", "The better side of the nose takes time to reveal itself. At first it's all apple cider, peanuts and popcorn, but then fresh apples and spice appear. In the mouth it's a little chewy, with more of that dominant apple character. A serviceable, drinkable wine, but nothing special. END
START HERE The Dreambird Pinot Noir is cheerful and bright, and has a vivid cherry-pie flavor that's laced with vanilla and toasted wood notes. Brisk acidity leads to the crisp, refreshing finish.", "The better side of the nose takes time to reveal itself. At first it's all apple cider, peanuts and popcorn, but then fresh apples and spice appear. In the mouth it's a little chewy, with more of that dominant apple character. A serviceable, drinkable wine, but nothing special.", 'The bouquet is redolent of stewed tomato, dried spices and lean red fruit, while the palate is thin and tastes like strawberries mixed with oak. The finish is the definition of light and easy, yet here a hint of pickled vegetable arises. END
START HERE The better side of the nose takes time to reveal itself. At first it's all apple cider, peanuts and popcorn, but then fresh apples and spice appear. In the mouth it's a little chewy, with more of that dominant apple character. A serviceable, drinkable wine, but nothing special.", 'The bouquet is redolent of stewed tomato, dried spices and lean red fruit, while the palate is thin and tastes like strawberries mixed with oak. The finish is the definition of light and easy, yet here a hint of pickled vegetable arises.', 'Has slight but clean wildflower and peach aromas, and drinks light but fruity, with apple and peach notes. Seems a little off-dry, but with adequate acidity. Nothing wrong with this low-priced, everyday-style wine. END
START HERE The bouquet is redolent of stewed tomato, dried spices and lean red fruit, while the palate is thin and tastes like strawberries mixed with oak. The finish is the definition of light and easy, yet here a hint of pickled vegetable arises.', 'Has slight but clean wildflower and peach aromas, and drinks light but fruity, with apple and peach notes. Seems a little off-dry, but with adequate acidity. Nothing wrong with this low-priced, everyday-style wine.', 'Scents of red licorice and candied ruby grapefruit and red berry portend the sweetness of this wine. The palate feels slack, and it comes with noticeable residual sugar. Delicate tannins lend the finish light traction. END
START HERE Has slight but clean wildflower and peach aromas, and drinks light but fruity, with apple and peach notes. Seems a little off-dry, but with adequate acidity. Nothing wrong with this low-priced, everyday-style wine.', 'Scents of red licorice and candied ruby grapefruit and red berry portend the sweetness of this wine. The palate feels slack, and it comes with noticeable residual sugar. Delicate tannins lend the finish light traction.', 'A sound, useful Zin, good for casual purposes, at an everyday price. Dry and velvety, it shows flavors of blackberries, currants, mocha, leather, anise and pepper. END
START HERE Scents of red licorice and candied ruby grapefruit and red berry portend the sweetness of this wine. The palate feels slack, and it comes with noticeable residual sugar. Delicate tannins lend the finish light traction.', 'A sound, useful Zin, good for casual purposes, at an everyday price. Dry and velvety, it shows flavors of blackberries, currants, mocha, leather, anise and pepper.', "A cool, fresh wine that is packed with crisp herbaceous flavors. It's as clean as a whistle and deliciously bright with lemon, pink grapefruit and gooseberry flavors. Drink now. END
START HERE A sound, useful Zin, good for casual purposes, at an everyday price. Dry and velvety, it shows flavors of blackberries, currants, mocha, leather, anise and pepper.', "A cool, fresh wine that is packed with crisp herbaceous flavors. It's as clean as a whistle and deliciously bright with lemon, pink grapefruit and gooseberry flavors. Drink now.", 'About 15,000 cases were made of this simple, stainless-fermented, very clean and fruity wine. Nice cinnamon spice and light hazelnut flavors light up the finish. A lot of flavor and style for this price. END
START HERE A cool, fresh wine that is packed with crisp herbaceous flavors. It's as clean as a whistle and deliciously bright with lemon, pink grapefruit and gooseberry flavors. Drink now.", 'About 15,000 cases were made of this simple, stainless-fermented, very clean and fruity wine. Nice cinnamon spice and light hazelnut flavors light up the finish. A lot of flavor and style for this price.', 'Jammy cherry and plum aromas turn briary with airing. This wine is candied and jammy in feel, and soft in the middle. Flavors of spiced blueberry are low in depth and fade away with weedy notes. END
START HERE About 15,000 cases were made of this simple, stainless-fermented, very clean and fruity wine. Nice cinnamon spice and light hazelnut flavors light up the finish. A lot of flavor and style for this price.', 'Jammy cherry and plum aromas turn briary with airing. This wine is candied and jammy in feel, and soft in the middle. Flavors of spiced blueberry are low in depth and fade away with weedy notes.', "Toasty and oaky, but in a warm and lovable way, all underpinned by lean citrusy fruit that helps maintain a sense of balance and proportion. There's even a bit of crème brûlée thrown into the mix. Finishes smoothly, with nary a rough edge. Best Buy. END
START HERE Jammy cherry and plum aromas turn briary with airing. This wine is candied and jammy in feel, and soft in the middle. Flavors of spiced blueberry are low in depth and fade away with weedy notes.', "Toasty and oaky, but in a warm and lovable way, all underpinned by lean citrusy fruit that helps maintain a sense of balance and proportion. There's even a bit of crème brûlée thrown into the mix. Finishes smoothly, with nary a rough edge. Best Buy.", 'This is a direct but tasty and well-balanced Pinot, with vibrant aromas and flavors of juicy cherry, blueberry and wild strawberry, all graced by hints of purple flowers and sweet spice. The mouthfeel is soft yet structured, with delicate tannins and a slight lushness that lingers on the finish. END
START HERE Toasty and oaky, but in a warm and lovable way, all underpinned by lean citrusy fruit that helps maintain a sense of balance and proportion. There's even a bit of crème brûlée thrown into the mix. Finishes smoothly, with nary a rough edge. Best Buy.", 'This is a direct but tasty and well-balanced Pinot, with vibrant aromas and flavors of juicy cherry, blueberry and wild strawberry, all graced by hints of purple flowers and sweet spice. The mouthfeel is soft yet structured, with delicate tannins and a slight lushness that lingers on the finish.', "Though it's 100% Chardonnay, this wine doesn't taste particularly Chard-like: it has light floral and stone fruit notes more akin to a Riesling. It's a lightweight in the mouth, rounded out by a little creaminess. A decent, economical choice to quaff on a hot day. END
START HERE This is a direct but tasty and well-balanced Pinot, with vibrant aromas and flavors of juicy cherry, blueberry and wild strawberry, all graced by hints of purple flowers and sweet spice. The mouthfeel is soft yet structured, with delicate tannins and a slight lushness that lingers on the finish.', "Though it's 100% Chardonnay, this wine doesn't taste particularly Chard-like: it has light floral and stone fruit notes more akin to a Riesling. It's a lightweight in the mouth, rounded out by a little creaminess. A decent, economical choice to quaff on a hot day.", "This Chard is smooth in the mouth, with white stone fruit on the palate, plus white pepper and mineral notes that extend through the finish. What's here is pleasant enough, but more of these good things wouldn't hurt. END
START HERE Though it's 100% Chardonnay, this wine doesn't taste particularly Chard-like: it has light floral and stone fruit notes more akin to a Riesling. It's a lightweight in the mouth, rounded out by a little creaminess. A decent, economical choice to quaff on a hot day.", "This Chard is smooth in the mouth, with white stone fruit on the palate, plus white pepper and mineral notes that extend through the finish. What's here is pleasant enough, but more of these good things wouldn't hurt.", "Fresh and clean for the most part, with light raspberry and strawberry aromas. It's a little cloying on the palate, but the flavors of citrus and melon, while briney, are lasting and move in the right direction. A good buy made from the obscure Bobal variety and Tempranillo. END
START HERE This Chard is smooth in the mouth, with white stone fruit on the palate, plus white pepper and mineral notes that extend through the finish. What's here is pleasant enough, but more of these good things wouldn't hurt.", "Fresh and clean for the most part, with light raspberry and strawberry aromas. It's a little cloying on the palate, but the flavors of citrus and melon, while briney, are lasting and move in the right direction. A good buy made from the obscure Bobal variety and Tempranillo.", 'After an early blast of mint and menthol, the nose works its way toward solid berry, spice and vanilla flavors. The finish is round and moderately long, with no sharp angles or jagged edges. Good yet standard Merlot at a welcome price point. END
START HERE Fresh and clean for the most part, with light raspberry and strawberry aromas. It's a little cloying on the palate, but the flavors of citrus and melon, while briney, are lasting and move in the right direction. A good buy made from the obscure Bobal variety and Tempranillo.", 'After an early blast of mint and menthol, the nose works its way toward solid berry, spice and vanilla flavors. The finish is round and moderately long, with no sharp angles or jagged edges. Good yet standard Merlot at a welcome price point.', "The best bargain Pinot Noir in the state. It's ruby-clear in color, dry and light-bodied, with pleasant flavors of cherries, cola, spices and cedar. Production was 20,000 cases. END
START HERE After an early blast of mint and menthol, the nose works its way toward solid berry, spice and vanilla flavors. The finish is round and moderately long, with no sharp angles or jagged edges. Good yet standard Merlot at a welcome price point.', "The best bargain Pinot Noir in the state. It's ruby-clear in color, dry and light-bodied, with pleasant flavors of cherries, cola, spices and cedar. Production was 20,000 cases.", "Michel Laroche has been branching out of Chablis in recent years and his southern French effort has some chlorine notes along with aromas of mint and sweet wood. The power is up there, but there isn't suppleness to match. The palate pulsates while the finish is dark and sharp, with a burnt flavor. END
START HERE The best bargain Pinot Noir in the state. It's ruby-clear in color, dry and light-bodied, with pleasant flavors of cherries, cola, spices and cedar. Production was 20,000 cases.", "Michel Laroche has been branching out of Chablis in recent years and his southern French effort has some chlorine notes along with aromas of mint and sweet wood. The power is up there, but there isn't suppleness to match. The palate pulsates while the finish is dark and sharp, with a burnt flavor.", "One of the best under-$10 Pinot Noirs on the market. It's dry, silky and refined, with the light texture, crisp acidity and cherry, cola and pepper flavors you want in this variety. END
START HERE Michel Laroche has been branching out of Chablis in recent years and his southern French effort has some chlorine notes along with aromas of mint and sweet wood. The power is up there, but there isn't suppleness to match. The palate pulsates while the finish is dark and sharp, with a burnt flavor.", "One of the best under-$10 Pinot Noirs on the market. It's dry, silky and refined, with the light texture, crisp acidity and cherry, cola and pepper flavors you want in this variety.", 'With its light prickle, this off-dry wine has a candied flavor, a tangy texture and a crisp, light aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE One of the best under-$10 Pinot Noirs on the market. It's dry, silky and refined, with the light texture, crisp acidity and cherry, cola and pepper flavors you want in this variety.", 'With its light prickle, this off-dry wine has a candied flavor, a tangy texture and a crisp, light aftertaste. Drink now.', "This flavorful, lively red wine was made with 55% Cabernet Sauvignon, but it doesn't fall easily into a category. Earthy, herbal aromas turn spicy, smoky and rich with raspberry and blackberry flavors as you sip. The other four Bordeaux red grape varieties complete the blend. END
START HERE With its light prickle, this off-dry wine has a candied flavor, a tangy texture and a crisp, light aftertaste. Drink now.', "This flavorful, lively red wine was made with 55% Cabernet Sauvignon, but it doesn't fall easily into a category. Earthy, herbal aromas turn spicy, smoky and rich with raspberry and blackberry flavors as you sip. The other four Bordeaux red grape varieties complete the blend.", 'The “Reserve” on the label is hardly appropriate in this banal version of what is normally a racy varietal. This version shows a mild fruit in a somewhat stewed version. END
START HERE This flavorful, lively red wine was made with 55% Cabernet Sauvignon, but it doesn't fall easily into a category. Earthy, herbal aromas turn spicy, smoky and rich with raspberry and blackberry flavors as you sip. The other four Bordeaux red grape varieties complete the blend.", 'The “Reserve” on the label is hardly appropriate in this banal version of what is normally a racy varietal. This version shows a mild fruit in a somewhat stewed version.', 'Candied and simple, with raspberry and cherry Lifesaver flavors. Okay for big parties. END
START HERE The “Reserve” on the label is hardly appropriate in this banal version of what is normally a racy varietal. This version shows a mild fruit in a somewhat stewed version.', 'Candied and simple, with raspberry and cherry Lifesaver flavors. Okay for big parties.', 'This is a reliable Cabernet, and the price makes it especially attractive. Gets the job done with full-bodied flavors of blackberries and sweet, toasty oak. END
START HERE Candied and simple, with raspberry and cherry Lifesaver flavors. Okay for big parties.', 'This is a reliable Cabernet, and the price makes it especially attractive. Gets the job done with full-bodied flavors of blackberries and sweet, toasty oak.', 'Dusty apple and papaya aromas lack fortitude. Ditto the palate, which barely stays afloat. Briny citrus flavors and a pickled finish do nothing to elevate this bottom-feeding Chardonnay. END
START HERE This is a reliable Cabernet, and the price makes it especially attractive. Gets the job done with full-bodied flavors of blackberries and sweet, toasty oak.', 'Dusty apple and papaya aromas lack fortitude. Ditto the palate, which barely stays afloat. Briny citrus flavors and a pickled finish do nothing to elevate this bottom-feeding Chardonnay.', 'Mildly stemmy and rubbery on the nose, then grabby and chalky on the palate, with herbal, jumbled red fruit and earthy flavors. Dry, short and juicy on the finish, which is solid and average in length. END
START HERE Dusty apple and papaya aromas lack fortitude. Ditto the palate, which barely stays afloat. Briny citrus flavors and a pickled finish do nothing to elevate this bottom-feeding Chardonnay.', 'Mildly stemmy and rubbery on the nose, then grabby and chalky on the palate, with herbal, jumbled red fruit and earthy flavors. Dry, short and juicy on the finish, which is solid and average in length.', 'This is no longer in its prime. It tastes weird, mealy and slightly exotic, while the palate feels rubbery. Nectarine and plum notes are detectable on a strained finish. END
START HERE Mildly stemmy and rubbery on the nose, then grabby and chalky on the palate, with herbal, jumbled red fruit and earthy flavors. Dry, short and juicy on the finish, which is solid and average in length.', 'This is no longer in its prime. It tastes weird, mealy and slightly exotic, while the palate feels rubbery. Nectarine and plum notes are detectable on a strained finish.', 'A dry, slightly washed-out Sauvignon Blanc, with varietally correct flavors of apple and herb. Thins out quickly, but a decent quaffer at this price. END
START HERE This is no longer in its prime. It tastes weird, mealy and slightly exotic, while the palate feels rubbery. Nectarine and plum notes are detectable on a strained finish.', 'A dry, slightly washed-out Sauvignon Blanc, with varietally correct flavors of apple and herb. Thins out quickly, but a decent quaffer at this price.', 'A bit crude in tannins and with some green flavors, but not bad for this price. Gives enough blackberry, licorice and cedar flavors to satisfy, and the finish is dry. END
START HERE A dry, slightly washed-out Sauvignon Blanc, with varietally correct flavors of apple and herb. Thins out quickly, but a decent quaffer at this price.', 'A bit crude in tannins and with some green flavors, but not bad for this price. Gives enough blackberry, licorice and cedar flavors to satisfy, and the finish is dry.', 'This simple salmon-colored rosado offers peach and nectarine aromas along with dusty notes. The palate is plump and shows moderate acidity. Flavors of pink grapefruit, melon and red apple finish soft. Drink immediately. END
START HERE A bit crude in tannins and with some green flavors, but not bad for this price. Gives enough blackberry, licorice and cedar flavors to satisfy, and the finish is dry.', 'This simple salmon-colored rosado offers peach and nectarine aromas along with dusty notes. The palate is plump and shows moderate acidity. Flavors of pink grapefruit, melon and red apple finish soft. Drink immediately.', 'Very focused and pure fruit aromas and flavors give this medium-bodied wine a tasty and straightforward personality. The texture is relaxed due to soft acidity and tannins, and everything tastes fresh and clean. END
START HERE This simple salmon-colored rosado offers peach and nectarine aromas along with dusty notes. The palate is plump and shows moderate acidity. Flavors of pink grapefruit, melon and red apple finish soft. Drink immediately.', 'Very focused and pure fruit aromas and flavors give this medium-bodied wine a tasty and straightforward personality. The texture is relaxed due to soft acidity and tannins, and everything tastes fresh and clean.', 'Accurate varietal character abounds in this value red. There’s dark berry and a slight herbaceousness, but not in an off-putting way. Light in style but it possesses nice mouthfeel with smooth cassis fruit and a decent finish. END
START HERE Very focused and pure fruit aromas and flavors give this medium-bodied wine a tasty and straightforward personality. The texture is relaxed due to soft acidity and tannins, and everything tastes fresh and clean.', 'Accurate varietal character abounds in this value red. There’s dark berry and a slight herbaceousness, but not in an off-putting way. Light in style but it possesses nice mouthfeel with smooth cassis fruit and a decent finish.', 'For the price, this is a commendable effort, with scents of toast and vanilla layered over modest cherry fruit. The wine is medium bodied and marked by the a fine, soft texture, then finishes on a tart note. END
START HERE Accurate varietal character abounds in this value red. There’s dark berry and a slight herbaceousness, but not in an off-putting way. Light in style but it possesses nice mouthfeel with smooth cassis fruit and a decent finish.', 'For the price, this is a commendable effort, with scents of toast and vanilla layered over modest cherry fruit. The wine is medium bodied and marked by the a fine, soft texture, then finishes on a tart note.', 'Sweet and light smelling, with sugar cookie and blueberry aromas. The palate is medium in weight, with snappy acids and dry, lightly herbal flavors of raspberry and red plum. Mostly fresh on the finish, but with little volume or follow through. END
START HERE For the price, this is a commendable effort, with scents of toast and vanilla layered over modest cherry fruit. The wine is medium bodied and marked by the a fine, soft texture, then finishes on a tart note.', 'Sweet and light smelling, with sugar cookie and blueberry aromas. The palate is medium in weight, with snappy acids and dry, lightly herbal flavors of raspberry and red plum. Mostly fresh on the finish, but with little volume or follow through.', 'Tastes semisweet, like a lemon, lime and pineapple cough drop. But the acidity is brisk and cleansing, and lots of people will enjoy this affordable wine. END
START HERE Sweet and light smelling, with sugar cookie and blueberry aromas. The palate is medium in weight, with snappy acids and dry, lightly herbal flavors of raspberry and red plum. Mostly fresh on the finish, but with little volume or follow through.', 'Tastes semisweet, like a lemon, lime and pineapple cough drop. But the acidity is brisk and cleansing, and lots of people will enjoy this affordable wine.', 'Made from organic grapes and packaged in a 500-ml Tetra Pak, this Chard is made from ripe fruit with a toasty caramel molasses halo around it, and finishes sweet. It would be quite drinkable on a camping trip or tailgate party. END
START HERE Tastes semisweet, like a lemon, lime and pineapple cough drop. But the acidity is brisk and cleansing, and lots of people will enjoy this affordable wine.', 'Made from organic grapes and packaged in a 500-ml Tetra Pak, this Chard is made from ripe fruit with a toasty caramel molasses halo around it, and finishes sweet. It would be quite drinkable on a camping trip or tailgate party.', 'Mostly neutral in style, but clean and properly made. The nose offers a shot of nectarine, while the pointed palate features pink grapefruit and other citrus flavors. Finishes citrusy then mildly bitter and pithy. Decent for a basic, inexpensive pink wine. END
START HERE Made from organic grapes and packaged in a 500-ml Tetra Pak, this Chard is made from ripe fruit with a toasty caramel molasses halo around it, and finishes sweet. It would be quite drinkable on a camping trip or tailgate party.', 'Mostly neutral in style, but clean and properly made. The nose offers a shot of nectarine, while the pointed palate features pink grapefruit and other citrus flavors. Finishes citrusy then mildly bitter and pithy. Decent for a basic, inexpensive pink wine.', 'Just barely acceptable for its medicinal taste and harsh texture. Shows some sweet blackberries on the finish. END
START HERE Mostly neutral in style, but clean and properly made. The nose offers a shot of nectarine, while the pointed palate features pink grapefruit and other citrus flavors. Finishes citrusy then mildly bitter and pithy. Decent for a basic, inexpensive pink wine.', 'Just barely acceptable for its medicinal taste and harsh texture. Shows some sweet blackberries on the finish.', 'Tart and juicy, this Cabernet/Merlot/Syrah blend matches cranberry and plum fruit flavors to milk chocolate and nougat highlights. Well-crafted, with a pleasing florality (to coin a word) in the finish. An outstanding value. END
START HERE Just barely acceptable for its medicinal taste and harsh texture. Shows some sweet blackberries on the finish.', 'Tart and juicy, this Cabernet/Merlot/Syrah blend matches cranberry and plum fruit flavors to milk chocolate and nougat highlights. Well-crafted, with a pleasing florality (to coin a word) in the finish. An outstanding value.', 'This is a soft, soothing and light-bodied wine with fresh fruit and herb aromas. Mild but bright flavors recall apple and lemon, and a touch of sweetness rounds off any edges. END
START HERE Tart and juicy, this Cabernet/Merlot/Syrah blend matches cranberry and plum fruit flavors to milk chocolate and nougat highlights. Well-crafted, with a pleasing florality (to coin a word) in the finish. An outstanding value.', 'This is a soft, soothing and light-bodied wine with fresh fruit and herb aromas. Mild but bright flavors recall apple and lemon, and a touch of sweetness rounds off any edges.', "Tight aromas of citrus and red fruits aren't expressive but at least they're crisp. Same goes for the palate, which is tight and juicy as it offers flavors of pink grapefruit, citrus and burnt grass/hay. Good as value-priced quaffers go. END
START HERE This is a soft, soothing and light-bodied wine with fresh fruit and herb aromas. Mild but bright flavors recall apple and lemon, and a touch of sweetness rounds off any edges.', "Tight aromas of citrus and red fruits aren't expressive but at least they're crisp. Same goes for the palate, which is tight and juicy as it offers flavors of pink grapefruit, citrus and burnt grass/hay. Good as value-priced quaffers go.", "A good example of white Zin for its millions of fans. It's off-dry to sweet, with honeyed flavors of raspberries and vanilla. END
START HERE Tight aromas of citrus and red fruits aren't expressive but at least they're crisp. Same goes for the palate, which is tight and juicy as it offers flavors of pink grapefruit, citrus and burnt grass/hay. Good as value-priced quaffers go.", "A good example of white Zin for its millions of fans. It's off-dry to sweet, with honeyed flavors of raspberries and vanilla.", 'Very perfumed aromas of violets and Hawaiian Punch hit the nose. The palate is effervescent and bouncy, with sour pomegranate and fruit skin bitterness. END
START HERE A good example of white Zin for its millions of fans. It's off-dry to sweet, with honeyed flavors of raspberries and vanilla.", 'Very perfumed aromas of violets and Hawaiian Punch hit the nose. The palate is effervescent and bouncy, with sour pomegranate and fruit skin bitterness.', "Morande is the biggest producer of Pinot Noir in Casablanca Valley, and this entry-level bottling is a good value to boot. Earthy, forest-fire aromas coat black cherry notes in the bouquet; the palate's bark, oak and bacon flavors come from time in old American oak barrels. Creamy and simple, but a steal. END
START HERE Very perfumed aromas of violets and Hawaiian Punch hit the nose. The palate is effervescent and bouncy, with sour pomegranate and fruit skin bitterness.', "Morande is the biggest producer of Pinot Noir in Casablanca Valley, and this entry-level bottling is a good value to boot. Earthy, forest-fire aromas coat black cherry notes in the bouquet; the palate's bark, oak and bacon flavors come from time in old American oak barrels. Creamy and simple, but a steal.", 'Generic white-fruit aromas come with a modicum of zest. The palate is simple in feel but holds steady, while flavors of citrus and pith finish sweet, with distant notes of orange and passion fruit. END
START HERE Morande is the biggest producer of Pinot Noir in Casablanca Valley, and this entry-level bottling is a good value to boot. Earthy, forest-fire aromas coat black cherry notes in the bouquet; the palate's bark, oak and bacon flavors come from time in old American oak barrels. Creamy and simple, but a steal.", 'Generic white-fruit aromas come with a modicum of zest. The palate is simple in feel but holds steady, while flavors of citrus and pith finish sweet, with distant notes of orange and passion fruit.', 'Fragrant on the nose with fresh orange, lemon and honeysuckle aromas, this full-bodied Chard is deliciously quaffable with a concentrated apple palate and just a hint of buttered toast. Another well-made Romanian at an unbeatable bargain price. END
START HERE Generic white-fruit aromas come with a modicum of zest. The palate is simple in feel but holds steady, while flavors of citrus and pith finish sweet, with distant notes of orange and passion fruit.', 'Fragrant on the nose with fresh orange, lemon and honeysuckle aromas, this full-bodied Chard is deliciously quaffable with a concentrated apple palate and just a hint of buttered toast. Another well-made Romanian at an unbeatable bargain price.', "lean and zesty Chardonnay with a burst of mouthwatering acidity, like a squirt of lime juice. It's a pretty thin wine, but with pleasant citrus and vanilla flavors, and not bad for the price. END
START HERE Fragrant on the nose with fresh orange, lemon and honeysuckle aromas, this full-bodied Chard is deliciously quaffable with a concentrated apple palate and just a hint of buttered toast. Another well-made Romanian at an unbeatable bargain price.', "lean and zesty Chardonnay with a burst of mouthwatering acidity, like a squirt of lime juice. It's a pretty thin wine, but with pleasant citrus and vanilla flavors, and not bad for the price.", 'Rubbery and earthy smelling on first take, with bulky, dark berry aromas mixed with herbal notes. Shows tannic bite and grab along with standard, herbal flavors of blackberry and black olive. Finishes similarly. Good Cab for $7. END
START HERE lean and zesty Chardonnay with a burst of mouthwatering acidity, like a squirt of lime juice. It's a pretty thin wine, but with pleasant citrus and vanilla flavors, and not bad for the price.", 'Rubbery and earthy smelling on first take, with bulky, dark berry aromas mixed with herbal notes. Shows tannic bite and grab along with standard, herbal flavors of blackberry and black olive. Finishes similarly. Good Cab for $7.', "Light in body, but fresh and clean, this was a surprise performer in our last round of tastings. Herbal overtones to the cedar, cherry and tobacco notes are correct from a flavor standpoint, but note that this wine doesn't have the stuffing to pair with hearty, traditional Cabernet pairings. END
START HERE Rubbery and earthy smelling on first take, with bulky, dark berry aromas mixed with herbal notes. Shows tannic bite and grab along with standard, herbal flavors of blackberry and black olive. Finishes similarly. Good Cab for $7.', "Light in body, but fresh and clean, this was a surprise performer in our last round of tastings. Herbal overtones to the cedar, cherry and tobacco notes are correct from a flavor standpoint, but note that this wine doesn't have the stuffing to pair with hearty, traditional Cabernet pairings.", "Sweet flower and cherry aromas perfume this dry, berry-tinged Sauvignon Blanc. It's refreshing and quaffable, and it offers bright acidity and just a hint of green that lingers on the finish. END
START HERE Light in body, but fresh and clean, this was a surprise performer in our last round of tastings. Herbal overtones to the cedar, cherry and tobacco notes are correct from a flavor standpoint, but note that this wine doesn't have the stuffing to pair with hearty, traditional Cabernet pairings.", "Sweet flower and cherry aromas perfume this dry, berry-tinged Sauvignon Blanc. It's refreshing and quaffable, and it offers bright acidity and just a hint of green that lingers on the finish.", "Costco's private-label Sauvignon Blanc is priced right and offers a fruity mouthful of melon and gooseberry flavor. The citrusy finish is a bit short, but pleasant. END
START HERE Sweet flower and cherry aromas perfume this dry, berry-tinged Sauvignon Blanc. It's refreshing and quaffable, and it offers bright acidity and just a hint of green that lingers on the finish.", "Costco's private-label Sauvignon Blanc is priced right and offers a fruity mouthful of melon and gooseberry flavor. The citrusy finish is a bit short, but pleasant.", "Hints of coffee and cedar add complexity to ripe, luscious black-fruit flavors on this very well made Romanian Cabernet. It's delightfully fruit forward, but amplified with a hefty mouthfeel and penetrating tannins on the finish. A bargain at $7. END
START HERE Costco's private-label Sauvignon Blanc is priced right and offers a fruity mouthful of melon and gooseberry flavor. The citrusy finish is a bit short, but pleasant.", "Hints of coffee and cedar add complexity to ripe, luscious black-fruit flavors on this very well made Romanian Cabernet. It's delightfully fruit forward, but amplified with a hefty mouthfeel and penetrating tannins on the finish. A bargain at $7.", 'Quite sharp and reticent, with piercing, peppery aromas and flavors as well as plenty of searing acidity. Not an offensive or crazy wine, but too sour, lean and green to rate higher. END
START HERE Hints of coffee and cedar add complexity to ripe, luscious black-fruit flavors on this very well made Romanian Cabernet. It's delightfully fruit forward, but amplified with a hefty mouthfeel and penetrating tannins on the finish. A bargain at $7.", 'Quite sharp and reticent, with piercing, peppery aromas and flavors as well as plenty of searing acidity. Not an offensive or crazy wine, but too sour, lean and green to rate higher.', 'A nice nose of black and blue berries with a hint of leather opens this value Syrah. Well built, it shows a bit of chocolate and decent length. There’s just a touch of green herb in there and it closes dry with fairly full tannins. END
START HERE Quite sharp and reticent, with piercing, peppery aromas and flavors as well as plenty of searing acidity. Not an offensive or crazy wine, but too sour, lean and green to rate higher.', 'A nice nose of black and blue berries with a hint of leather opens this value Syrah. Well built, it shows a bit of chocolate and decent length. There’s just a touch of green herb in there and it closes dry with fairly full tannins.', 'Sharp, prickly aromas suggest tart red plum and wild herbs. The palate is a bit heavy and sticky, with sweet, gummy, medicinal berry flavors. Finishes bitter and peppery, with a medicinal aftertaste. END
START HERE A nice nose of black and blue berries with a hint of leather opens this value Syrah. Well built, it shows a bit of chocolate and decent length. There’s just a touch of green herb in there and it closes dry with fairly full tannins.', 'Sharp, prickly aromas suggest tart red plum and wild herbs. The palate is a bit heavy and sticky, with sweet, gummy, medicinal berry flavors. Finishes bitter and peppery, with a medicinal aftertaste.', "A solid Chardonnay, showing good varietal character at a fair price. It's a little lightweight, but the cream, peach and citrus flavors are just fine. END
START HERE Sharp, prickly aromas suggest tart red plum and wild herbs. The palate is a bit heavy and sticky, with sweet, gummy, medicinal berry flavors. Finishes bitter and peppery, with a medicinal aftertaste.', "A solid Chardonnay, showing good varietal character at a fair price. It's a little lightweight, but the cream, peach and citrus flavors are just fine.", "An approachable wine that starts off with floral, peachy aromas and ripe peach and yellow fruit flavors. On the back palate, there's a burst of tropical fruit, plus some oak. Easy to drink, and easily to like. END
START HERE A solid Chardonnay, showing good varietal character at a fair price. It's a little lightweight, but the cream, peach and citrus flavors are just fine.", "An approachable wine that starts off with floral, peachy aromas and ripe peach and yellow fruit flavors. On the back palate, there's a burst of tropical fruit, plus some oak. Easy to drink, and easily to like.", "With only 9% alcohol, this white Zin has some residual sugar, which makes it off-dry. It's thin in raspberry fruit. END
START HERE An approachable wine that starts off with floral, peachy aromas and ripe peach and yellow fruit flavors. On the back palate, there's a burst of tropical fruit, plus some oak. Easy to drink, and easily to like.", "With only 9% alcohol, this white Zin has some residual sugar, which makes it off-dry. It's thin in raspberry fruit.", 'Straightforward, perhaps even simple, but once again well-made inexpensive juice. At 80% Merlot, it is soft with berry and hint of tobacco predominating. The light fruit has pleasant cocoa shadings, and it has a poised finish with mild tannins. END
START HERE With only 9% alcohol, this white Zin has some residual sugar, which makes it off-dry. It's thin in raspberry fruit.", 'Straightforward, perhaps even simple, but once again well-made inexpensive juice. At 80% Merlot, it is soft with berry and hint of tobacco predominating. The light fruit has pleasant cocoa shadings, and it has a poised finish with mild tannins.', 'Orange pink in color, this is a fat wine. It has acidity and red berry fruits although they are surrounded by a plump texture. It is ready to drink. END
START HERE Straightforward, perhaps even simple, but once again well-made inexpensive juice. At 80% Merlot, it is soft with berry and hint of tobacco predominating. The light fruit has pleasant cocoa shadings, and it has a poised finish with mild tannins.', 'Orange pink in color, this is a fat wine. It has acidity and red berry fruits although they are surrounded by a plump texture. It is ready to drink.', 'It’s got a good color, a pretty ruby, and the aromas suggest sun-dried tomatoes, beetroot, and just the faintest hint of cherry, with sweeter, vanilla-accented notes. Very soft, with low acidity and raspberry-cherry fruit flavors. END
START HERE Orange pink in color, this is a fat wine. It has acidity and red berry fruits although they are surrounded by a plump texture. It is ready to drink.', 'It’s got a good color, a pretty ruby, and the aromas suggest sun-dried tomatoes, beetroot, and just the faintest hint of cherry, with sweeter, vanilla-accented notes. Very soft, with low acidity and raspberry-cherry fruit flavors.', "Average red juice with sweet, rubbery aromas and flavors that match. It's Malbec in its most simple state: raspberry and cherry distilled into a quaffable liquid. Chilling might help. END
START HERE It’s got a good color, a pretty ruby, and the aromas suggest sun-dried tomatoes, beetroot, and just the faintest hint of cherry, with sweeter, vanilla-accented notes. Very soft, with low acidity and raspberry-cherry fruit flavors.', "Average red juice with sweet, rubbery aromas and flavors that match. It's Malbec in its most simple state: raspberry and cherry distilled into a quaffable liquid. Chilling might help.", 'Herbal berry aromas suggest density, and this is certainly dark full-sized and sticky. Pumped-up candied black-fruit flavors are thick and gooey, with cooked brown sugar, mint and toast flavors on the finish. END
START HERE Average red juice with sweet, rubbery aromas and flavors that match. It's Malbec in its most simple state: raspberry and cherry distilled into a quaffable liquid. Chilling might help.", 'Herbal berry aromas suggest density, and this is certainly dark full-sized and sticky. Pumped-up candied black-fruit flavors are thick and gooey, with cooked brown sugar, mint and toast flavors on the finish.', "There are soft grapefruit-peach aromas and flavors, tart lime notes and a medium body here. It's not complex, but it's not supposed to be. It has no bad marks at all, and even a little length to show. A good bar pour or gallery opener. END
START HERE Herbal berry aromas suggest density, and this is certainly dark full-sized and sticky. Pumped-up candied black-fruit flavors are thick and gooey, with cooked brown sugar, mint and toast flavors on the finish.', "There are soft grapefruit-peach aromas and flavors, tart lime notes and a medium body here. It's not complex, but it's not supposed to be. It has no bad marks at all, and even a little length to show. A good bar pour or gallery opener.", 'Starts out with rough, earthy blackberry and cassis aromas, with deeper notes of plum and chocolate. Drinks very soft and velvety, almost too much so; seems to lack acidity and vibrancy. At this price, though, you can’t expect miracles. END
START HERE There are soft grapefruit-peach aromas and flavors, tart lime notes and a medium body here. It's not complex, but it's not supposed to be. It has no bad marks at all, and even a little length to show. A good bar pour or gallery opener.", 'Starts out with rough, earthy blackberry and cassis aromas, with deeper notes of plum and chocolate. Drinks very soft and velvety, almost too much so; seems to lack acidity and vibrancy. At this price, though, you can’t expect miracles.', 'At this price you don’t expect much, but it’s actually pretty good juice. Has all the proper ingredients: blackberry and plum fruit, some spice, and a touch of oak. It’s rough, but there’s enough good stuff going on to give it a qualified recommendation in the value category. END
START HERE Starts out with rough, earthy blackberry and cassis aromas, with deeper notes of plum and chocolate. Drinks very soft and velvety, almost too much so; seems to lack acidity and vibrancy. At this price, though, you can’t expect miracles.', 'At this price you don’t expect much, but it’s actually pretty good juice. Has all the proper ingredients: blackberry and plum fruit, some spice, and a touch of oak. It’s rough, but there’s enough good stuff going on to give it a qualified recommendation in the value category.', "Deeply concentrated on the nose with pure black fruit and whiffs of toast and wood, this Merlot packs a lot of bang for the buck. Full bodied and dry, it's mellow but bright, overflowing with cassis and black cherry flavors and a fresh, herbal finish. END
START HERE At this price you don’t expect much, but it’s actually pretty good juice. Has all the proper ingredients: blackberry and plum fruit, some spice, and a touch of oak. It’s rough, but there’s enough good stuff going on to give it a qualified recommendation in the value category.', "Deeply concentrated on the nose with pure black fruit and whiffs of toast and wood, this Merlot packs a lot of bang for the buck. Full bodied and dry, it's mellow but bright, overflowing with cassis and black cherry flavors and a fresh, herbal finish.", 'This grapy, fruity Malbec is quite enjoyable. Aromas of boysenberry and blueberry are solid despite some reduction. Plum, boysenberry and creamy oak flavors finish on a note of clove. END
START HERE Deeply concentrated on the nose with pure black fruit and whiffs of toast and wood, this Merlot packs a lot of bang for the buck. Full bodied and dry, it's mellow but bright, overflowing with cassis and black cherry flavors and a fresh, herbal finish.", 'This grapy, fruity Malbec is quite enjoyable. Aromas of boysenberry and blueberry are solid despite some reduction. Plum, boysenberry and creamy oak flavors finish on a note of clove.', 'Aromas of graham cracker and chocolaty fruit yield something similar to berry pie. The mouth is grapey and full, with sizable tannins and not much finesse. With airing this wine grows more cumbersome and untamed. END
START HERE This grapy, fruity Malbec is quite enjoyable. Aromas of boysenberry and blueberry are solid despite some reduction. Plum, boysenberry and creamy oak flavors finish on a note of clove.', 'Aromas of graham cracker and chocolaty fruit yield something similar to berry pie. The mouth is grapey and full, with sizable tannins and not much finesse. With airing this wine grows more cumbersome and untamed.', 'High-toned berry and cherry aromas introduce this easy drinking, yet nicely structured Pinot Noir. The palate is ripe with blueberry and plum flavors, but bolstered by tart cranberry acidity and a flurry of fresh green herbs. Soft tannins carry out the finish. END
START HERE Aromas of graham cracker and chocolaty fruit yield something similar to berry pie. The mouth is grapey and full, with sizable tannins and not much finesse. With airing this wine grows more cumbersome and untamed.', 'High-toned berry and cherry aromas introduce this easy drinking, yet nicely structured Pinot Noir. The palate is ripe with blueberry and plum flavors, but bolstered by tart cranberry acidity and a flurry of fresh green herbs. Soft tannins carry out the finish.', 'This smooth wine with a creamy texture also features a light shot of acidity as well as apple fruits. It is lively, crisp with acidity at the end and ready to drink. END
START HERE High-toned berry and cherry aromas introduce this easy drinking, yet nicely structured Pinot Noir. The palate is ripe with blueberry and plum flavors, but bolstered by tart cranberry acidity and a flurry of fresh green herbs. Soft tannins carry out the finish.', 'This smooth wine with a creamy texture also features a light shot of acidity as well as apple fruits. It is lively, crisp with acidity at the end and ready to drink.', "Apricot aromas with flavors of green apple, cucumber and green bean. The finish is clean and easy, but bland. This wine does nothing to offend, but it doesn't do much to impress, either. END
START HERE This smooth wine with a creamy texture also features a light shot of acidity as well as apple fruits. It is lively, crisp with acidity at the end and ready to drink.', "Apricot aromas with flavors of green apple, cucumber and green bean. The finish is clean and easy, but bland. This wine does nothing to offend, but it doesn't do much to impress, either.", "For the price, this is a good, sound Sauvignon Blanc for everyday purposes. It's dry and crisp in acidity, with somewhat watery lemon, lime, grapefruit and vanilla flavors. END
START HERE Apricot aromas with flavors of green apple, cucumber and green bean. The finish is clean and easy, but bland. This wine does nothing to offend, but it doesn't do much to impress, either.", "For the price, this is a good, sound Sauvignon Blanc for everyday purposes. It's dry and crisp in acidity, with somewhat watery lemon, lime, grapefruit and vanilla flavors.", 'This wine has a good, deep color, lots of fruity aromas and flavors, and a smooth mouthfeel. It tastes grapy and jammy but dry, with light spicy accents to add interest. END
START HERE For the price, this is a good, sound Sauvignon Blanc for everyday purposes. It's dry and crisp in acidity, with somewhat watery lemon, lime, grapefruit and vanilla flavors.", 'This wine has a good, deep color, lots of fruity aromas and flavors, and a smooth mouthfeel. It tastes grapy and jammy but dry, with light spicy accents to add interest.', 'This young Cabernet has aromas of black plum, vanilla and a big bowl of freshly picked blackberries. There are flavors of black fruits and freshly ground black pepper in the midpalate, with good acidity on the finish. END
START HERE This wine has a good, deep color, lots of fruity aromas and flavors, and a smooth mouthfeel. It tastes grapy and jammy but dry, with light spicy accents to add interest.', 'This young Cabernet has aromas of black plum, vanilla and a big bowl of freshly picked blackberries. There are flavors of black fruits and freshly ground black pepper in the midpalate, with good acidity on the finish.', 'Sonoma Chard costing far more, this one showed off really well. Not as powerful in fruit, but dry and smooth, with delightful pineapple, crème brûlée, peaches and cream, and caramelized oak aromas and flavors. END
START HERE This young Cabernet has aromas of black plum, vanilla and a big bowl of freshly picked blackberries. There are flavors of black fruits and freshly ground black pepper in the midpalate, with good acidity on the finish.', 'Sonoma Chard costing far more, this one showed off really well. Not as powerful in fruit, but dry and smooth, with delightful pineapple, crème brûlée, peaches and cream, and caramelized oak aromas and flavors.', 'The scent of orange peel and white flowers set the scene for a crisp wine with linear flavors of tangerine and mandarin. It is refreshing on the tongue, with a zesty finish. END
START HERE Sonoma Chard costing far more, this one showed off really well. Not as powerful in fruit, but dry and smooth, with delightful pineapple, crème brûlée, peaches and cream, and caramelized oak aromas and flavors.', 'The scent of orange peel and white flowers set the scene for a crisp wine with linear flavors of tangerine and mandarin. It is refreshing on the tongue, with a zesty finish.', 'This Romanian Pinot Noir has aromas of sweet black cherry, smoked meats and red raspberry. In the mouth there are flavors of smoke and black plums. END
START HERE The scent of orange peel and white flowers set the scene for a crisp wine with linear flavors of tangerine and mandarin. It is refreshing on the tongue, with a zesty finish.', 'This Romanian Pinot Noir has aromas of sweet black cherry, smoked meats and red raspberry. In the mouth there are flavors of smoke and black plums.', 'The nose has some pine-based cleaner aromas to it, but not much luscious fruit. The palate has apple, pear and melon flavors, but they are more vague than distinct. The finish is a continuation of what you get on the palate, but at the end you get a hint of toffee or caramel. Straightforward and basic; not nuanced or exotic. END
START HERE This Romanian Pinot Noir has aromas of sweet black cherry, smoked meats and red raspberry. In the mouth there are flavors of smoke and black plums.', 'The nose has some pine-based cleaner aromas to it, but not much luscious fruit. The palate has apple, pear and melon flavors, but they are more vague than distinct. The finish is a continuation of what you get on the palate, but at the end you get a hint of toffee or caramel. Straightforward and basic; not nuanced or exotic.', 'Lemon blossoms and tangerines bring lift to the aromatics. On the palate there are flavors of tropical fruit and tart, green apples. END
START HERE The nose has some pine-based cleaner aromas to it, but not much luscious fruit. The palate has apple, pear and melon flavors, but they are more vague than distinct. The finish is a continuation of what you get on the palate, but at the end you get a hint of toffee or caramel. Straightforward and basic; not nuanced or exotic.', 'Lemon blossoms and tangerines bring lift to the aromatics. On the palate there are flavors of tropical fruit and tart, green apples.', 'Pink meets orange in terms of hue, while the nose gives a nice blend of sweet and snappy berry and citrus. The palate has a little weight and heft along with dry, white-peppery flavors of nectarine and apricot. Pithy, citrusy and healthy throughout. Good wine for the money. END
START HERE Lemon blossoms and tangerines bring lift to the aromatics. On the palate there are flavors of tropical fruit and tart, green apples.', 'Pink meets orange in terms of hue, while the nose gives a nice blend of sweet and snappy berry and citrus. The palate has a little weight and heft along with dry, white-peppery flavors of nectarine and apricot. Pithy, citrusy and healthy throughout. Good wine for the money.', 'This individualistic Chardonnay has a lot to offer. The nose is ripe, with floral, honey and even petrol notes and opens to a palate of tangerine and lychee nut-like flavors.  The mouthfeel is round and smooth; the sweet and sour finish, dry and spicy. Reminiscent of some Alsatian whites and worthy of notice for its flavorful uniqueness. END
START HERE Pink meets orange in terms of hue, while the nose gives a nice blend of sweet and snappy berry and citrus. The palate has a little weight and heft along with dry, white-peppery flavors of nectarine and apricot. Pithy, citrusy and healthy throughout. Good wine for the money.', 'This individualistic Chardonnay has a lot to offer. The nose is ripe, with floral, honey and even petrol notes and opens to a palate of tangerine and lychee nut-like flavors.  The mouthfeel is round and smooth; the sweet and sour finish, dry and spicy. Reminiscent of some Alsatian whites and worthy of notice for its flavorful uniqueness.', 'This is Malbec in a South American style: soft, with ripe and gentle berry fruit. It has a light structure and plenty of acidity on the finish. END
START HERE This individualistic Chardonnay has a lot to offer. The nose is ripe, with floral, honey and even petrol notes and opens to a palate of tangerine and lychee nut-like flavors.  The mouthfeel is round and smooth; the sweet and sour finish, dry and spicy. Reminiscent of some Alsatian whites and worthy of notice for its flavorful uniqueness.', 'This is Malbec in a South American style: soft, with ripe and gentle berry fruit. It has a light structure and plenty of acidity on the finish.', 'A blended white, but predominantly—you guessed it—Chardonnay. The soft, sweet pear aromas and flavors are simple and clean, making this a decent quaffer on a hot summer day. END
START HERE This is Malbec in a South American style: soft, with ripe and gentle berry fruit. It has a light structure and plenty of acidity on the finish.', 'A blended white, but predominantly—you guessed it—Chardonnay. The soft, sweet pear aromas and flavors are simple and clean, making this a decent quaffer on a hot summer day.', 'This wine feels hard with bitter extraction that detracts from its fruitiness. There is a very dense texture that could soften over time, although bitterness could remain a problem. END
START HERE A blended white, but predominantly—you guessed it—Chardonnay. The soft, sweet pear aromas and flavors are simple and clean, making this a decent quaffer on a hot summer day.', 'This wine feels hard with bitter extraction that detracts from its fruitiness. There is a very dense texture that could soften over time, although bitterness could remain a problem.', 'Aromas of black cherry and smoked meats lead to tastes of black cherry and vanilla. It is soft both on entry and finish. END
START HERE This wine feels hard with bitter extraction that detracts from its fruitiness. There is a very dense texture that could soften over time, although bitterness could remain a problem.', 'Aromas of black cherry and smoked meats lead to tastes of black cherry and vanilla. It is soft both on entry and finish.', "Hints of melon and talcum powder suggest sweetness, and the palate is ripe, a little soft and dominated by pear and even some lychee flavors. Maybe there's a hint of residual sugar, but if so, it's minor. Mild bitterness doesn't really help the finish, but overall this is a flavorful and competent value wine. END
START HERE Aromas of black cherry and smoked meats lead to tastes of black cherry and vanilla. It is soft both on entry and finish.', "Hints of melon and talcum powder suggest sweetness, and the palate is ripe, a little soft and dominated by pear and even some lychee flavors. Maybe there's a hint of residual sugar, but if so, it's minor. Mild bitterness doesn't really help the finish, but overall this is a flavorful and competent value wine.", "Cramele Recas's Dreamfish series of international varieties consistently offers bang for your buck, and this vintage of Cabernet Sauvignon is no exception. Rich, full bodied and easy drinking, this offers flavors of bright black cherry and berry, framed by notes of vanilla, toast and wet graphite. END
START HERE Hints of melon and talcum powder suggest sweetness, and the palate is ripe, a little soft and dominated by pear and even some lychee flavors. Maybe there's a hint of residual sugar, but if so, it's minor. Mild bitterness doesn't really help the finish, but overall this is a flavorful and competent value wine.", "Cramele Recas's Dreamfish series of international varieties consistently offers bang for your buck, and this vintage of Cabernet Sauvignon is no exception. Rich, full bodied and easy drinking, this offers flavors of bright black cherry and berry, framed by notes of vanilla, toast and wet graphite.", 'Redolent of sweet plum compote, this semidry Missouri rosé made from native Catawba grapes is an interesting alternative for White Zin fans. Full bodied, with a slightly sugary palate, it finishes with a hint of that foxy Catawba musk. Drink now. END
START HERE Cramele Recas's Dreamfish series of international varieties consistently offers bang for your buck, and this vintage of Cabernet Sauvignon is no exception. Rich, full bodied and easy drinking, this offers flavors of bright black cherry and berry, framed by notes of vanilla, toast and wet graphite.", 'Redolent of sweet plum compote, this semidry Missouri rosé made from native Catawba grapes is an interesting alternative for White Zin fans. Full bodied, with a slightly sugary palate, it finishes with a hint of that foxy Catawba musk. Drink now.', 'Tart cherry, tobacco and leather present themselves on the nose, leading the way to fruit forward flavors of red plum and cherry pie backed by pleasant hints of vanilla. END
START HERE Redolent of sweet plum compote, this semidry Missouri rosé made from native Catawba grapes is an interesting alternative for White Zin fans. Full bodied, with a slightly sugary palate, it finishes with a hint of that foxy Catawba musk. Drink now.', 'Tart cherry, tobacco and leather present themselves on the nose, leading the way to fruit forward flavors of red plum and cherry pie backed by pleasant hints of vanilla.', 'While floral and fruity on the nose with juicy white peach, lemon and orange blossom notes, the palate is all Sauvignon Blanc, full of ripe gooseberries and a green, grassy backdrop. Refreshingly high in acid, yet ends on a soft peach candy note. Pretty remarkable for $7. END
START HERE Tart cherry, tobacco and leather present themselves on the nose, leading the way to fruit forward flavors of red plum and cherry pie backed by pleasant hints of vanilla.', 'While floral and fruity on the nose with juicy white peach, lemon and orange blossom notes, the palate is all Sauvignon Blanc, full of ripe gooseberries and a green, grassy backdrop. Refreshingly high in acid, yet ends on a soft peach candy note. Pretty remarkable for $7.', 'Buttery aromas, ripe fruit flavors, a soft, plush texture and a seemingly sweet finish characterize this medium-bodied wine. It tastes like golden delicious apples, lemon cream and vanilla. END
START HERE While floral and fruity on the nose with juicy white peach, lemon and orange blossom notes, the palate is all Sauvignon Blanc, full of ripe gooseberries and a green, grassy backdrop. Refreshingly high in acid, yet ends on a soft peach candy note. Pretty remarkable for $7.', 'Buttery aromas, ripe fruit flavors, a soft, plush texture and a seemingly sweet finish characterize this medium-bodied wine. It tastes like golden delicious apples, lemon cream and vanilla.', 'Year after year, Barefoot does a great job with Sauvignon Blanc. The wine is dry, mouthwateringly crisp in acidity, and appealing in citrus, tropical fruit and gooseberry flavors. END
START HERE Buttery aromas, ripe fruit flavors, a soft, plush texture and a seemingly sweet finish characterize this medium-bodied wine. It tastes like golden delicious apples, lemon cream and vanilla.', 'Year after year, Barefoot does a great job with Sauvignon Blanc. The wine is dry, mouthwateringly crisp in acidity, and appealing in citrus, tropical fruit and gooseberry flavors.', 'Chewing-gum aromas struggle to stay clean and fresh. This rosé feels rubbery and raw. Herbal flavors include juniper berry and finish with almost no fruit. END
START HERE Year after year, Barefoot does a great job with Sauvignon Blanc. The wine is dry, mouthwateringly crisp in acidity, and appealing in citrus, tropical fruit and gooseberry flavors.', 'Chewing-gum aromas struggle to stay clean and fresh. This rosé feels rubbery and raw. Herbal flavors include juniper berry and finish with almost no fruit.', "This winery does a great job at producing an affordable Sauvignon Blanc that satisfies on many levels. It's properly dry and crisp, with refreshing lime, lemongrass and tart gooseberry flavors that have a honeyed mellowness. Should be easy to find, with 25,000 cases produced. END
START HERE Chewing-gum aromas struggle to stay clean and fresh. This rosé feels rubbery and raw. Herbal flavors include juniper berry and finish with almost no fruit.', "This winery does a great job at producing an affordable Sauvignon Blanc that satisfies on many levels. It's properly dry and crisp, with refreshing lime, lemongrass and tart gooseberry flavors that have a honeyed mellowness. Should be easy to find, with 25,000 cases produced.", 'Warm red-berry aromas are simple and fresh, a hallmark of a good Alicante wine. This is a touch sharp and drawing on the palate, with cherry, plum and berry flavors. Crisp and focused on the finish, this ranks as an ideal everyday quaffer. END
START HERE This winery does a great job at producing an affordable Sauvignon Blanc that satisfies on many levels. It's properly dry and crisp, with refreshing lime, lemongrass and tart gooseberry flavors that have a honeyed mellowness. Should be easy to find, with 25,000 cases produced.", 'Warm red-berry aromas are simple and fresh, a hallmark of a good Alicante wine. This is a touch sharp and drawing on the palate, with cherry, plum and berry flavors. Crisp and focused on the finish, this ranks as an ideal everyday quaffer.', 'The nose is flat and not very expressive. The flavors are of sweet fruit, but beyond that they are hard to describe. A midland wine with a simple, clean finish and a bit of a waxy mouthfeel. END
START HERE Warm red-berry aromas are simple and fresh, a hallmark of a good Alicante wine. This is a touch sharp and drawing on the palate, with cherry, plum and berry flavors. Crisp and focused on the finish, this ranks as an ideal everyday quaffer.', 'The nose is flat and not very expressive. The flavors are of sweet fruit, but beyond that they are hard to describe. A midland wine with a simple, clean finish and a bit of a waxy mouthfeel.', 'This easy-drinking red wine has aromas of cherry, black plum and eucalyptus. Flavors of red cherry, cherry turnover and vanilla remain on the palate through the soft finish. END
START HERE The nose is flat and not very expressive. The flavors are of sweet fruit, but beyond that they are hard to describe. A midland wine with a simple, clean finish and a bit of a waxy mouthfeel.', 'This easy-drinking red wine has aromas of cherry, black plum and eucalyptus. Flavors of red cherry, cherry turnover and vanilla remain on the palate through the soft finish.', 'Magenta-colored, berry loaded and fresh, all of which help what could be a pedestrian wine reach a higher plane. Sweet cherry and plum flavors mix with snappy acidity and good structure, and overall you get a refreshing, satisfying wine with genuine appeal. END
START HERE This easy-drinking red wine has aromas of cherry, black plum and eucalyptus. Flavors of red cherry, cherry turnover and vanilla remain on the palate through the soft finish.', 'Magenta-colored, berry loaded and fresh, all of which help what could be a pedestrian wine reach a higher plane. Sweet cherry and plum flavors mix with snappy acidity and good structure, and overall you get a refreshing, satisfying wine with genuine appeal.', "Everything about this mass-market Chard works. The nose has some pleasant nectarine and apricot aromas, while the mouth is racy and lively, and loaded with mango, pear and honeydew flavors. The finish is fruity, if a tad sweet. Nevertheless it's fresh and clean, and it leaves a good lasting impression. Anyone who likes a sweeter-styled white will fancy this. Best Buy. END
START HERE Magenta-colored, berry loaded and fresh, all of which help what could be a pedestrian wine reach a higher plane. Sweet cherry and plum flavors mix with snappy acidity and good structure, and overall you get a refreshing, satisfying wine with genuine appeal.', "Everything about this mass-market Chard works. The nose has some pleasant nectarine and apricot aromas, while the mouth is racy and lively, and loaded with mango, pear and honeydew flavors. The finish is fruity, if a tad sweet. Nevertheless it's fresh and clean, and it leaves a good lasting impression. Anyone who likes a sweeter-styled white will fancy this. Best Buy.", 'Sweet, soft and simple, this has candied lemon and pineapple flavors. END
START HERE Everything about this mass-market Chard works. The nose has some pleasant nectarine and apricot aromas, while the mouth is racy and lively, and loaded with mango, pear and honeydew flavors. The finish is fruity, if a tad sweet. Nevertheless it's fresh and clean, and it leaves a good lasting impression. Anyone who likes a sweeter-styled white will fancy this. Best Buy.", 'Sweet, soft and simple, this has candied lemon and pineapple flavors.', "Here's a wine you can serve your guests at a big party and not have to worry about price. It's dry and fruity enough to work with anything calling for a robust red wine. END
START HERE Sweet, soft and simple, this has candied lemon and pineapple flavors.', "Here's a wine you can serve your guests at a big party and not have to worry about price. It's dry and fruity enough to work with anything calling for a robust red wine.", "If you're looking for a decent everyday Chardonnay at an inexpensive price, consider this one. It's dry and creamy in texture, with slightly sweet, oaky tangerine and pineapple flavors. END
START HERE Here's a wine you can serve your guests at a big party and not have to worry about price. It's dry and fruity enough to work with anything calling for a robust red wine.", "If you're looking for a decent everyday Chardonnay at an inexpensive price, consider this one. It's dry and creamy in texture, with slightly sweet, oaky tangerine and pineapple flavors.", 'Clean, simple pear, melon and apple aromas are friendly. Reasonably full and fresh on the palate, this value-priced wine tastes of tropical fruits including banana and papaya as well as honey. A slightly oily finish gives weight to closing citrus flavors. END
START HERE If you're looking for a decent everyday Chardonnay at an inexpensive price, consider this one. It's dry and creamy in texture, with slightly sweet, oaky tangerine and pineapple flavors.", 'Clean, simple pear, melon and apple aromas are friendly. Reasonably full and fresh on the palate, this value-priced wine tastes of tropical fruits including banana and papaya as well as honey. A slightly oily finish gives weight to closing citrus flavors.', "Offers varietally correct flavors of black currants and hints of tobacco, but where's the structure and depth? A simple, fruity red for early drinking that would make a decent picnic wine or bar pour. END
START HERE Clean, simple pear, melon and apple aromas are friendly. Reasonably full and fresh on the palate, this value-priced wine tastes of tropical fruits including banana and papaya as well as honey. A slightly oily finish gives weight to closing citrus flavors.', "Offers varietally correct flavors of black currants and hints of tobacco, but where's the structure and depth? A simple, fruity red for early drinking that would make a decent picnic wine or bar pour.", 'Pontin scores with a sweet, lemony, ripe mouthful of fresh and fruity Riesling. Shows the verve and juicy deliciousness of Yakima Valley fruit. END
START HERE Offers varietally correct flavors of black currants and hints of tobacco, but where's the structure and depth? A simple, fruity red for early drinking that would make a decent picnic wine or bar pour.", 'Pontin scores with a sweet, lemony, ripe mouthful of fresh and fruity Riesling. Shows the verve and juicy deliciousness of Yakima Valley fruit.', 'Tomato leaf, rhubarb and herbal aromas come in front of a tight, tannic and prickly palate with green, spicy berry flavors. Turns hot and smacky on the finish, with carob and herbal flavors. END
START HERE Pontin scores with a sweet, lemony, ripe mouthful of fresh and fruity Riesling. Shows the verve and juicy deliciousness of Yakima Valley fruit.', 'Tomato leaf, rhubarb and herbal aromas come in front of a tight, tannic and prickly palate with green, spicy berry flavors. Turns hot and smacky on the finish, with carob and herbal flavors.', 'A pop style of pink wine that the Peter Mondavi family makes from Zinfandel with minor portions of Chenin Blanc and Muscat. It has a light coral color, mild fruit aromas and semisweet red Popsicle flavors. END
START HERE Tomato leaf, rhubarb and herbal aromas come in front of a tight, tannic and prickly palate with green, spicy berry flavors. Turns hot and smacky on the finish, with carob and herbal flavors.', 'A pop style of pink wine that the Peter Mondavi family makes from Zinfandel with minor portions of Chenin Blanc and Muscat. It has a light coral color, mild fruit aromas and semisweet red Popsicle flavors.', 'Hints of asparagus and struck flint give an almost Sancerre-like impression before heading in a lemony direction. This lean, citrusy wine offers good value, but consumers should be looking out for stocks of the 2015, a better vintage that should be arriving soon. END
START HERE A pop style of pink wine that the Peter Mondavi family makes from Zinfandel with minor portions of Chenin Blanc and Muscat. It has a light coral color, mild fruit aromas and semisweet red Popsicle flavors.', 'Hints of asparagus and struck flint give an almost Sancerre-like impression before heading in a lemony direction. This lean, citrusy wine offers good value, but consumers should be looking out for stocks of the 2015, a better vintage that should be arriving soon.', "This light-bodied wine has aromas like strawberries and maple syrup, and flavors that taste almost sweet. It makes a tempting, light and airy drink that's good for casual occasions. END
START HERE Hints of asparagus and struck flint give an almost Sancerre-like impression before heading in a lemony direction. This lean, citrusy wine offers good value, but consumers should be looking out for stocks of the 2015, a better vintage that should be arriving soon.', "This light-bodied wine has aromas like strawberries and maple syrup, and flavors that taste almost sweet. It makes a tempting, light and airy drink that's good for casual occasions.", "Possibly understating it, this Australian Malbec is boldly colored, with intensely fresh and grapy aromas and robust blueberry flavors. It's a bit simple and possibly a little on the sweet side, but fills the mouth with plenty of flavor. END
START HERE This light-bodied wine has aromas like strawberries and maple syrup, and flavors that taste almost sweet. It makes a tempting, light and airy drink that's good for casual occasions.", "Possibly understating it, this Australian Malbec is boldly colored, with intensely fresh and grapy aromas and robust blueberry flavors. It's a bit simple and possibly a little on the sweet side, but fills the mouth with plenty of flavor.", "Ripe and sweet in apricot, pear, coconut macaroon, vanilla and Asian spice flavors, this Chard benefits from crisp acidity. It's not really dry, but has many interesting tastes. END
START HERE Possibly understating it, this Australian Malbec is boldly colored, with intensely fresh and grapy aromas and robust blueberry flavors. It's a bit simple and possibly a little on the sweet side, but fills the mouth with plenty of flavor.", "Ripe and sweet in apricot, pear, coconut macaroon, vanilla and Asian spice flavors, this Chard benefits from crisp acidity. It's not really dry, but has many interesting tastes.", 'This caramel-flavored wine has a light red fruit character. It is off dry and needs to be severely chilled. END
START HERE Ripe and sweet in apricot, pear, coconut macaroon, vanilla and Asian spice flavors, this Chard benefits from crisp acidity. It's not really dry, but has many interesting tastes.", 'This caramel-flavored wine has a light red fruit character. It is off dry and needs to be severely chilled.', 'Fruity and off-dry, this has light touches of sweet strawberry and vanilla to go with the orange zest acidity. Screwcap. END
START HERE This caramel-flavored wine has a light red fruit character. It is off dry and needs to be severely chilled.', 'Fruity and off-dry, this has light touches of sweet strawberry and vanilla to go with the orange zest acidity. Screwcap.', 'Stony lemon-lime aromas are low on fruit but clean and familiar. This is racy and fresh, with cutting acidity. Flavors of lime and passion fruit register as common, while the finish is zesty, with an emphasis on grapefruit. END
START HERE Fruity and off-dry, this has light touches of sweet strawberry and vanilla to go with the orange zest acidity. Screwcap.', 'Stony lemon-lime aromas are low on fruit but clean and familiar. This is racy and fresh, with cutting acidity. Flavors of lime and passion fruit register as common, while the finish is zesty, with an emphasis on grapefruit.', "This Cab doesn't pretend to be anything but what it is: dry, full-bodied and characteristically Cabernet. Grab a burger or beef taco and enjoy. END
START HERE Stony lemon-lime aromas are low on fruit but clean and familiar. This is racy and fresh, with cutting acidity. Flavors of lime and passion fruit register as common, while the finish is zesty, with an emphasis on grapefruit.', "This Cab doesn't pretend to be anything but what it is: dry, full-bodied and characteristically Cabernet. Grab a burger or beef taco and enjoy.", 'Strawberry and pink grapefruit aromas mingle enticingly on the nose. But on the palate it seems a bit syrupy and heavy, finishing with a touch of cola. END
START HERE This Cab doesn't pretend to be anything but what it is: dry, full-bodied and characteristically Cabernet. Grab a burger or beef taco and enjoy.", 'Strawberry and pink grapefruit aromas mingle enticingly on the nose. But on the palate it seems a bit syrupy and heavy, finishing with a touch of cola.', 'Sweet and oaky, with buttered toast, tangerine and apricot jam flavors. A simple and easy Chardonnay, in the modern style. END
START HERE Strawberry and pink grapefruit aromas mingle enticingly on the nose. But on the palate it seems a bit syrupy and heavy, finishing with a touch of cola.', 'Sweet and oaky, with buttered toast, tangerine and apricot jam flavors. A simple and easy Chardonnay, in the modern style.', "Smells like wet dog, with sweaty red fruit. The palate is high in acid and low in volume, with snappy, semisour flavors of raspberry and red plum. Settles on the finish but still it's sharp and lean. 80% Tempranillo and 20% Malbec. END
START HERE Sweet and oaky, with buttered toast, tangerine and apricot jam flavors. A simple and easy Chardonnay, in the modern style.', "Smells like wet dog, with sweaty red fruit. The palate is high in acid and low in volume, with snappy, semisour flavors of raspberry and red plum. Settles on the finish but still it's sharp and lean. 80% Tempranillo and 20% Malbec.", "It's nice to see an ever-increasing number of serviceable kosher wines like this one being made available to consumers from around the world. That said, this one isn't much more than adequate. There's a modest amount of cassis fruit dressed up with earthy chocolate and vaguely minty aromas, but it lacks depth. Still, it's better than the kosher stuff I remember from my friends' bar mitzvahs. END
START HERE Smells like wet dog, with sweaty red fruit. The palate is high in acid and low in volume, with snappy, semisour flavors of raspberry and red plum. Settles on the finish but still it's sharp and lean. 80% Tempranillo and 20% Malbec.", "It's nice to see an ever-increasing number of serviceable kosher wines like this one being made available to consumers from around the world. That said, this one isn't much more than adequate. There's a modest amount of cassis fruit dressed up with earthy chocolate and vaguely minty aromas, but it lacks depth. Still, it's better than the kosher stuff I remember from my friends' bar mitzvahs.", 'Aromas recall jasmine, botrytis and tangerine. It drinks medium sweet with honeyed fruit flavors and a clipped finish. END
START HERE It's nice to see an ever-increasing number of serviceable kosher wines like this one being made available to consumers from around the world. That said, this one isn't much more than adequate. There's a modest amount of cassis fruit dressed up with earthy chocolate and vaguely minty aromas, but it lacks depth. Still, it's better than the kosher stuff I remember from my friends' bar mitzvahs.", 'Aromas recall jasmine, botrytis and tangerine. It drinks medium sweet with honeyed fruit flavors and a clipped finish.', "The price is right. It's soft and sweet, with jammy, candy flavors. END
START HERE Aromas recall jasmine, botrytis and tangerine. It drinks medium sweet with honeyed fruit flavors and a clipped finish.', "The price is right. It's soft and sweet, with jammy, candy flavors.", 'A sappy combo of spiced tomato, cinnamon and candied aromas makes for a sketchy nose. This blend of Syrah, Cabernet and Carmenère feels raw, while forced flavors of buttery oak clash with herbal berry fruit. Green and herbaceous on the finish. END
START HERE The price is right. It's soft and sweet, with jammy, candy flavors.", 'A sappy combo of spiced tomato, cinnamon and candied aromas makes for a sketchy nose. This blend of Syrah, Cabernet and Carmenère feels raw, while forced flavors of buttery oak clash with herbal berry fruit. Green and herbaceous on the finish.', "Soft, round and balanced, this ripe wine is ready to drink. It's led by the cherry and black currant flavors, with dryness that comes from the soft tannins. END
START HERE A sappy combo of spiced tomato, cinnamon and candied aromas makes for a sketchy nose. This blend of Syrah, Cabernet and Carmenère feels raw, while forced flavors of buttery oak clash with herbal berry fruit. Green and herbaceous on the finish.', "Soft, round and balanced, this ripe wine is ready to drink. It's led by the cherry and black currant flavors, with dryness that comes from the soft tannins.", 'Fleshy and fruity, fresh and full bodied, this generous wine offers scents of orange peel and citrus, and the palate exudes ripe flavors of grapefruit, lime and a hint of melon. END
START HERE Soft, round and balanced, this ripe wine is ready to drink. It's led by the cherry and black currant flavors, with dryness that comes from the soft tannins.", 'Fleshy and fruity, fresh and full bodied, this generous wine offers scents of orange peel and citrus, and the palate exudes ripe flavors of grapefruit, lime and a hint of melon.', "More like Zinfandel with its peppery, prickly mouthfeel, but not a bad wine for everyday purposes. It's dry and full-bodied and brisk, with blackberry, currant and herb flavors. END
START HERE Fleshy and fruity, fresh and full bodied, this generous wine offers scents of orange peel and citrus, and the palate exudes ripe flavors of grapefruit, lime and a hint of melon.', "More like Zinfandel with its peppery, prickly mouthfeel, but not a bad wine for everyday purposes. It's dry and full-bodied and brisk, with blackberry, currant and herb flavors.", 'Powdery and sweet smelling, with an acidic palate propelling pedestrian green apple, lime and orange flavors. Fruity but not very refined, with a tenuous balance that indicates that it should be drunk as soon as possible. END
START HERE More like Zinfandel with its peppery, prickly mouthfeel, but not a bad wine for everyday purposes. It's dry and full-bodied and brisk, with blackberry, currant and herb flavors.", 'Powdery and sweet smelling, with an acidic palate propelling pedestrian green apple, lime and orange flavors. Fruity but not very refined, with a tenuous balance that indicates that it should be drunk as soon as possible.', "Lots to admire in this dry, full-bodied Merlot. It's forward and charming in sour red cherry candy, blueberry and herb flavors, with a nice edge of smoky oak. Contains a little Cabernet and Zinfandel for complexity, and the alcohol is nice and low. Great price. END
START HERE Powdery and sweet smelling, with an acidic palate propelling pedestrian green apple, lime and orange flavors. Fruity but not very refined, with a tenuous balance that indicates that it should be drunk as soon as possible.', "Lots to admire in this dry, full-bodied Merlot. It's forward and charming in sour red cherry candy, blueberry and herb flavors, with a nice edge of smoky oak. Contains a little Cabernet and Zinfandel for complexity, and the alcohol is nice and low. Great price.", 'Yellow in color and heavy on the nose, this smells mostly of match stick and sulfur. On the palate, this is scattered, with no point of reference. Heavy, chunky flavors of nectarine, citrus pith and almond skin finish oily and bitter. END
START HERE Lots to admire in this dry, full-bodied Merlot. It's forward and charming in sour red cherry candy, blueberry and herb flavors, with a nice edge of smoky oak. Contains a little Cabernet and Zinfandel for complexity, and the alcohol is nice and low. Great price.", 'Yellow in color and heavy on the nose, this smells mostly of match stick and sulfur. On the palate, this is scattered, with no point of reference. Heavy, chunky flavors of nectarine, citrus pith and almond skin finish oily and bitter.', 'A good, uncomplicated wine at a great price, this has light fruity aromas, light body and a welcome touch of tannin in the texture. END
START HERE Yellow in color and heavy on the nose, this smells mostly of match stick and sulfur. On the palate, this is scattered, with no point of reference. Heavy, chunky flavors of nectarine, citrus pith and almond skin finish oily and bitter.', 'A good, uncomplicated wine at a great price, this has light fruity aromas, light body and a welcome touch of tannin in the texture.', "There's a real clean and genuine quality that comes through thanks to aromas of peach, yellow fruit and Golden Delicious apple. It drinks well too—easy and forthcoming—and would make an excellent match to grilled chicken, spicy asian food or stay-at-home pasta. END
START HERE A good, uncomplicated wine at a great price, this has light fruity aromas, light body and a welcome touch of tannin in the texture.', "There's a real clean and genuine quality that comes through thanks to aromas of peach, yellow fruit and Golden Delicious apple. It drinks well too—easy and forthcoming—and would make an excellent match to grilled chicken, spicy asian food or stay-at-home pasta.", 'Light bodied and lightly flavored, this wine is a good, basic meal-time beverage. It is dry, nicely tart and nearly neutral in aroma and flavor. END
START HERE There's a real clean and genuine quality that comes through thanks to aromas of peach, yellow fruit and Golden Delicious apple. It drinks well too—easy and forthcoming—and would make an excellent match to grilled chicken, spicy asian food or stay-at-home pasta.", 'Light bodied and lightly flavored, this wine is a good, basic meal-time beverage. It is dry, nicely tart and nearly neutral in aroma and flavor.', 'Aromas like black pepper and red cherries, and flavors like lightly sweet strawberries give this medium-bodied wine a lot to like, besides the very affordable price. It has just a touch of tannin to add some good texture. END
START HERE Light bodied and lightly flavored, this wine is a good, basic meal-time beverage. It is dry, nicely tart and nearly neutral in aroma and flavor.', 'Aromas like black pepper and red cherries, and flavors like lightly sweet strawberries give this medium-bodied wine a lot to like, besides the very affordable price. It has just a touch of tannin to add some good texture.', "Harmonious on the nose and palate with ripe black plums and cassis enveloped by a layer of char and smoke. Medium to full bodied with structured acidity, it's a straightforward but sound Merlot with powdery, soft tannins and a tasty black cherry and graham cracker finish. END
START HERE Aromas like black pepper and red cherries, and flavors like lightly sweet strawberries give this medium-bodied wine a lot to like, besides the very affordable price. It has just a touch of tannin to add some good texture.', "Harmonious on the nose and palate with ripe black plums and cassis enveloped by a layer of char and smoke. Medium to full bodied with structured acidity, it's a straightforward but sound Merlot with powdery, soft tannins and a tasty black cherry and graham cracker finish.", "I Versi is a youthful blend of Nero d'Avola, Merlot and Syrah that offers plump aromas of ripe cherry and blackberry backed by soft tones of cinnamon and toasted almond. It's a perfect pairing to a heaping plate of spaghetti carbonara with crispy fried bacon. END
START HERE Harmonious on the nose and palate with ripe black plums and cassis enveloped by a layer of char and smoke. Medium to full bodied with structured acidity, it's a straightforward but sound Merlot with powdery, soft tannins and a tasty black cherry and graham cracker finish.", "I Versi is a youthful blend of Nero d'Avola, Merlot and Syrah that offers plump aromas of ripe cherry and blackberry backed by soft tones of cinnamon and toasted almond. It's a perfect pairing to a heaping plate of spaghetti carbonara with crispy fried bacon.", "Watery blackberry, mint and oak flavors mark this simple wine. It's soft and ripe on the finish. END
START HERE I Versi is a youthful blend of Nero d'Avola, Merlot and Syrah that offers plump aromas of ripe cherry and blackberry backed by soft tones of cinnamon and toasted almond. It's a perfect pairing to a heaping plate of spaghetti carbonara with crispy fried bacon.", "Watery blackberry, mint and oak flavors mark this simple wine. It's soft and ripe on the finish.", "Likeable for its extreme dryness and crisp acidity, and the way the citrus fruits and minerals tickle the palate and prepare it for food. It's a great cocktail wine, with lime, Meyer lemon, white peach and floral flavors. END
START HERE Watery blackberry, mint and oak flavors mark this simple wine. It's soft and ripe on the finish.", "Likeable for its extreme dryness and crisp acidity, and the way the citrus fruits and minerals tickle the palate and prepare it for food. It's a great cocktail wine, with lime, Meyer lemon, white peach and floral flavors.", 'Earthy cherry and prune aromas lack pop and seem damp. This is astringent across the palate, with flavors of prune and oaky vanilla. A raisiny, mealy finish is choppy and exits with the aftertaste of prune. END
START HERE Likeable for its extreme dryness and crisp acidity, and the way the citrus fruits and minerals tickle the palate and prepare it for food. It's a great cocktail wine, with lime, Meyer lemon, white peach and floral flavors.", 'Earthy cherry and prune aromas lack pop and seem damp. This is astringent across the palate, with flavors of prune and oaky vanilla. A raisiny, mealy finish is choppy and exits with the aftertaste of prune.', 'Austere, green aromas are about as much as one can pull from the nose, while the palate is fresh and acidic, but lean. Flavors of lime, citrus and pith are zesty at first but pithy later on. Dull and strained, but not bad for Chardonnay from central Spain. END
START HERE Earthy cherry and prune aromas lack pop and seem damp. This is astringent across the palate, with flavors of prune and oaky vanilla. A raisiny, mealy finish is choppy and exits with the aftertaste of prune.', 'Austere, green aromas are about as much as one can pull from the nose, while the palate is fresh and acidic, but lean. Flavors of lime, citrus and pith are zesty at first but pithy later on. Dull and strained, but not bad for Chardonnay from central Spain.', 'It would be hard to find a better $8 Merlot anywhere. This is soft and full-bodied, quite flavorful and fruity, with pretty black cherry fruit. Drinking especially nicely with a bit of bottle age, it finishes with well-proportioned notes of tobacco and clove. END
START HERE Austere, green aromas are about as much as one can pull from the nose, while the palate is fresh and acidic, but lean. Flavors of lime, citrus and pith are zesty at first but pithy later on. Dull and strained, but not bad for Chardonnay from central Spain.', 'It would be hard to find a better $8 Merlot anywhere. This is soft and full-bodied, quite flavorful and fruity, with pretty black cherry fruit. Drinking especially nicely with a bit of bottle age, it finishes with well-proportioned notes of tobacco and clove.', 'This medium sweet, easy drinker brings aromatic and flavorful notes of pear, jasmine and white flowers. END
START HERE It would be hard to find a better $8 Merlot anywhere. This is soft and full-bodied, quite flavorful and fruity, with pretty black cherry fruit. Drinking especially nicely with a bit of bottle age, it finishes with well-proportioned notes of tobacco and clove.', 'This medium sweet, easy drinker brings aromatic and flavorful notes of pear, jasmine and white flowers.', 'Grapey and fruit-powered, this easy-drinking Cabernet drinks like a fresh Zinfandel. Strawberry fruit is at the core, with light details of leaf and mineral. A good picnic wine. END
START HERE This medium sweet, easy drinker brings aromatic and flavorful notes of pear, jasmine and white flowers.', 'Grapey and fruit-powered, this easy-drinking Cabernet drinks like a fresh Zinfandel. Strawberry fruit is at the core, with light details of leaf and mineral. A good picnic wine.', 'The fresh, likeable Sebeka SB starts with lively lemon, gooseberry and tropical aromas, followed by rounded flavors of fresh citrus, tropical fruit and fig. An easygoing white that pairs well with spicy cuisine, seafood. END
START HERE Grapey and fruit-powered, this easy-drinking Cabernet drinks like a fresh Zinfandel. Strawberry fruit is at the core, with light details of leaf and mineral. A good picnic wine.', 'The fresh, likeable Sebeka SB starts with lively lemon, gooseberry and tropical aromas, followed by rounded flavors of fresh citrus, tropical fruit and fig. An easygoing white that pairs well with spicy cuisine, seafood.', 'Hints of rye and caraway lend a spicy, savory tone to this herbaceous semi-sweet Riesling. Juicy and ripe with pleasant stone-fruit flavor, it finishes brisk and crisp. END
START HERE The fresh, likeable Sebeka SB starts with lively lemon, gooseberry and tropical aromas, followed by rounded flavors of fresh citrus, tropical fruit and fig. An easygoing white that pairs well with spicy cuisine, seafood.', 'Hints of rye and caraway lend a spicy, savory tone to this herbaceous semi-sweet Riesling. Juicy and ripe with pleasant stone-fruit flavor, it finishes brisk and crisp.', 'Bland, midland aromas of dusty apple land on vegetal after this airs out. A flat, no-spine palate and green flavors of tropical fruits and vegetables end with green-herb notes of thyme and tarragon. END
START HERE Hints of rye and caraway lend a spicy, savory tone to this herbaceous semi-sweet Riesling. Juicy and ripe with pleasant stone-fruit flavor, it finishes brisk and crisp.', 'Bland, midland aromas of dusty apple land on vegetal after this airs out. A flat, no-spine palate and green flavors of tropical fruits and vegetables end with green-herb notes of thyme and tarragon.', 'Sometimes you get what you pay for. This value-priced wine is feral smelling and strange on the nose. The palate feel is probably the best part, while the flavors are candied and foxy. END
START HERE Bland, midland aromas of dusty apple land on vegetal after this airs out. A flat, no-spine palate and green flavors of tropical fruits and vegetables end with green-herb notes of thyme and tarragon.', 'Sometimes you get what you pay for. This value-priced wine is feral smelling and strange on the nose. The palate feel is probably the best part, while the flavors are candied and foxy.', 'Crisp, dry, caramel- and red berry-flavored wine that has some crispness as well as good strawberry softness. There is some spice to finish. Screwcap. END
START HERE Sometimes you get what you pay for. This value-priced wine is feral smelling and strange on the nose. The palate feel is probably the best part, while the flavors are candied and foxy.', 'Crisp, dry, caramel- and red berry-flavored wine that has some crispness as well as good strawberry softness. There is some spice to finish. Screwcap.', 'Scents of lemon wax and a slightly spritzy mouthfeel are followed by somewhat surprisingly sweet fruit for a wine labeled dry. The flavors favor orange juice and orange candy. If you like a fairly heavy, fruit-forward style, this is just right. END
START HERE Crisp, dry, caramel- and red berry-flavored wine that has some crispness as well as good strawberry softness. There is some spice to finish. Screwcap.', 'Scents of lemon wax and a slightly spritzy mouthfeel are followed by somewhat surprisingly sweet fruit for a wine labeled dry. The flavors favor orange juice and orange candy. If you like a fairly heavy, fruit-forward style, this is just right.', 'Soft, overoaked and clumsy, with sweet vanilla, caramel and buttered toast dominating. END
START HERE Scents of lemon wax and a slightly spritzy mouthfeel are followed by somewhat surprisingly sweet fruit for a wine labeled dry. The flavors favor orange juice and orange candy. If you like a fairly heavy, fruit-forward style, this is just right.', 'Soft, overoaked and clumsy, with sweet vanilla, caramel and buttered toast dominating.', 'Despite a persistent front-to-back sweetness, this is a nice little Chardonnay for those fastened to the grape. It starts with ripe pineapple and apple aromas, and next you get tropical fruit, citrus and banana flavors. Medium in size and good for what it strives to be. END
START HERE Soft, overoaked and clumsy, with sweet vanilla, caramel and buttered toast dominating.', 'Despite a persistent front-to-back sweetness, this is a nice little Chardonnay for those fastened to the grape. It starts with ripe pineapple and apple aromas, and next you get tropical fruit, citrus and banana flavors. Medium in size and good for what it strives to be.', 'The red wine companion to the excellent Two Vines Vineyard 10 White has got some stuffing, tannins and chewy, herbal flavors, but the fruit holds its own with flavors of wild plum and rhubarb. END
START HERE Despite a persistent front-to-back sweetness, this is a nice little Chardonnay for those fastened to the grape. It starts with ripe pineapple and apple aromas, and next you get tropical fruit, citrus and banana flavors. Medium in size and good for what it strives to be.', 'The red wine companion to the excellent Two Vines Vineyard 10 White has got some stuffing, tannins and chewy, herbal flavors, but the fruit holds its own with flavors of wild plum and rhubarb.', "What a great bargain this wine is. It's soft and delicious with blackberry, currant, brown sugar and creamy mocha flavors that lead to a spicy finish. It's easy to drink this Cab with all sorts of foods that pair well with a full-bodied red. END
START HERE The red wine companion to the excellent Two Vines Vineyard 10 White has got some stuffing, tannins and chewy, herbal flavors, but the fruit holds its own with flavors of wild plum and rhubarb.', "What a great bargain this wine is. It's soft and delicious with blackberry, currant, brown sugar and creamy mocha flavors that lead to a spicy finish. It's easy to drink this Cab with all sorts of foods that pair well with a full-bodied red.", "Not much going on in this inexpensive wine. It's watery, with a sugary, soda pop sweet finish. END
START HERE What a great bargain this wine is. It's soft and delicious with blackberry, currant, brown sugar and creamy mocha flavors that lead to a spicy finish. It's easy to drink this Cab with all sorts of foods that pair well with a full-bodied red.", "Not much going on in this inexpensive wine. It's watery, with a sugary, soda pop sweet finish.", 'Cherry and raspberry aromas are fragile and sketchy but not broken. This value-priced Cabernet shows a midlevel palate with moderate concentration. Herbal plum and raspberry flavors finish easy. END
START HERE Not much going on in this inexpensive wine. It's watery, with a sugary, soda pop sweet finish.", 'Cherry and raspberry aromas are fragile and sketchy but not broken. This value-priced Cabernet shows a midlevel palate with moderate concentration. Herbal plum and raspberry flavors finish easy.', 'Pure, focused fruit flavors like raspberry and red cherry light up this medium-bodied wine. A lively texture of crisp acidity and light tannins adds great balance to the effusive fruitiness. For such a friendly price, what else could one ask for?. END
START HERE Cherry and raspberry aromas are fragile and sketchy but not broken. This value-priced Cabernet shows a midlevel palate with moderate concentration. Herbal plum and raspberry flavors finish easy.', 'Pure, focused fruit flavors like raspberry and red cherry light up this medium-bodied wine. A lively texture of crisp acidity and light tannins adds great balance to the effusive fruitiness. For such a friendly price, what else could one ask for?', "This Riesling is fruit forward yet simple, with watered-down apricot, lime and orange fruit flavors. If sweetness is your thing, you'll find it here at an everyday price. END
START HERE Pure, focused fruit flavors like raspberry and red cherry light up this medium-bodied wine. A lively texture of crisp acidity and light tannins adds great balance to the effusive fruitiness. For such a friendly price, what else could one ask for?', "This Riesling is fruit forward yet simple, with watered-down apricot, lime and orange fruit flavors. If sweetness is your thing, you'll find it here at an everyday price.", 'Simple, open and ready to drink. The nose is floral, with hints of fresh pear. The flavor profile turns to citrus in the form of orange and pineapple, and then comes a full-force but fairly collected finish.   Best Buy. END
START HERE This Riesling is fruit forward yet simple, with watered-down apricot, lime and orange fruit flavors. If sweetness is your thing, you'll find it here at an everyday price.", 'Simple, open and ready to drink. The nose is floral, with hints of fresh pear. The flavor profile turns to citrus in the form of orange and pineapple, and then comes a full-force but fairly collected finish.   Best Buy.', 'Hints of lemon curd and crème brûlée join peach and citrus, finishing with a surprising degree of elegance. Drink up. END
START HERE Simple, open and ready to drink. The nose is floral, with hints of fresh pear. The flavor profile turns to citrus in the form of orange and pineapple, and then comes a full-force but fairly collected finish.   Best Buy.', 'Hints of lemon curd and crème brûlée join peach and citrus, finishing with a surprising degree of elegance. Drink up.', "This is mild on the nose, with a lemon-lime aroma. The palate is soft, but it has a pulse. The wine's citrus, melon and tropical flavors finish flat. For the most part, it's clean and quaffable. END
START HERE Hints of lemon curd and crème brûlée join peach and citrus, finishing with a surprising degree of elegance. Drink up.', "This is mild on the nose, with a lemon-lime aroma. The palate is soft, but it has a pulse. The wine's citrus, melon and tropical flavors finish flat. For the most part, it's clean and quaffable.", 'Salinic and also melony on the mostly clean and crisp nose. The palate is healthy, with round, lightly pithy flavors of green melon, peach and kiwi. Citrusy on the finish and a little green on the fade out. Good for summer quaffing. Drink this year. END
START HERE This is mild on the nose, with a lemon-lime aroma. The palate is soft, but it has a pulse. The wine's citrus, melon and tropical flavors finish flat. For the most part, it's clean and quaffable.", 'Salinic and also melony on the mostly clean and crisp nose. The palate is healthy, with round, lightly pithy flavors of green melon, peach and kiwi. Citrusy on the finish and a little green on the fade out. Good for summer quaffing. Drink this year.', 'While the wine is clean, it tastes yeasty and heavy despite its low alcohol. There is strawberry fruitiness and final acidity, although the sweetness remains intrusive. END
START HERE Salinic and also melony on the mostly clean and crisp nose. The palate is healthy, with round, lightly pithy flavors of green melon, peach and kiwi. Citrusy on the finish and a little green on the fade out. Good for summer quaffing. Drink this year.', 'While the wine is clean, it tastes yeasty and heavy despite its low alcohol. There is strawberry fruitiness and final acidity, although the sweetness remains intrusive.', 'Nice floral, pear and vanilla notes waft from the nose. Its body is on the soft side, but the sweetish, white stone fruit-and-citrus profile (and its bargain price) are surefire crowd pleasers. END
START HERE While the wine is clean, it tastes yeasty and heavy despite its low alcohol. There is strawberry fruitiness and final acidity, although the sweetness remains intrusive.', 'Nice floral, pear and vanilla notes waft from the nose. Its body is on the soft side, but the sweetish, white stone fruit-and-citrus profile (and its bargain price) are surefire crowd pleasers.', 'This simple wine has subdued aromas of black-skinned berry and a whiff of wildflower. The easy, diluted palate offers black cherry alongside soft, fleeting tannins. END
START HERE Nice floral, pear and vanilla notes waft from the nose. Its body is on the soft side, but the sweetish, white stone fruit-and-citrus profile (and its bargain price) are surefire crowd pleasers.', 'This simple wine has subdued aromas of black-skinned berry and a whiff of wildflower. The easy, diluted palate offers black cherry alongside soft, fleeting tannins.', 'This is a pale colored rosé, light and fruity. It has a touch of caramel to go with the ripe strawberry fruitiness. The finish is fresh and crisp. Drink now. END
START HERE This simple wine has subdued aromas of black-skinned berry and a whiff of wildflower. The easy, diluted palate offers black cherry alongside soft, fleeting tannins.', 'This is a pale colored rosé, light and fruity. It has a touch of caramel to go with the ripe strawberry fruitiness. The finish is fresh and crisp. Drink now.', 'Touches of ginger and orange zest lighten up the ample fruit flavors of this well-balanced value-priced wine. It has good acidity to match the ripeness of the Anjou pear and white peach flavors. END
START HERE This is a pale colored rosé, light and fruity. It has a touch of caramel to go with the ripe strawberry fruitiness. The finish is fresh and crisp. Drink now.', 'Touches of ginger and orange zest lighten up the ample fruit flavors of this well-balanced value-priced wine. It has good acidity to match the ripeness of the Anjou pear and white peach flavors.', "Cassis, raisin, vanilla and rooty spice aromas give this Tempranillo blend some class on the bouquet. It's resiny and fairly heavy feeling, with lightly burnt and earthy flavors of herbal red berry and plum. Dry and peppery on the finish. END
START HERE Touches of ginger and orange zest lighten up the ample fruit flavors of this well-balanced value-priced wine. It has good acidity to match the ripeness of the Anjou pear and white peach flavors.', "Cassis, raisin, vanilla and rooty spice aromas give this Tempranillo blend some class on the bouquet. It's resiny and fairly heavy feeling, with lightly burnt and earthy flavors of herbal red berry and plum. Dry and peppery on the finish.", "Shows an aggressive, roasted set of aromas that feature leather, meat, olive and char. The palate is full and thick, with chewy, flat tannins and then herbal flavors that mute the wine's black fruit content. A good midlevel wine that delivers within its price range. END
START HERE Cassis, raisin, vanilla and rooty spice aromas give this Tempranillo blend some class on the bouquet. It's resiny and fairly heavy feeling, with lightly burnt and earthy flavors of herbal red berry and plum. Dry and peppery on the finish.", "Shows an aggressive, roasted set of aromas that feature leather, meat, olive and char. The palate is full and thick, with chewy, flat tannins and then herbal flavors that mute the wine's black fruit content. A good midlevel wine that delivers within its price range.", "Lithe and nicely balanced, this flavorful wine shows a red berry-herb bouquet and a pleasingly dry, gently spicy palate. The mouthfeel is good, and shows some texture despite the fact that it's light-weight on the palate. An interesting chalk note comes in on the back end of this pleasant, easy-drinking surprise. END
START HERE Shows an aggressive, roasted set of aromas that feature leather, meat, olive and char. The palate is full and thick, with chewy, flat tannins and then herbal flavors that mute the wine's black fruit content. A good midlevel wine that delivers within its price range.", "Lithe and nicely balanced, this flavorful wine shows a red berry-herb bouquet and a pleasingly dry, gently spicy palate. The mouthfeel is good, and shows some texture despite the fact that it's light-weight on the palate. An interesting chalk note comes in on the back end of this pleasant, easy-drinking surprise.", "Agreeable and smooth, this tastes pro-actively flavored with oak. The wood character comes out as flavors of maple syrup, vanilla and clove in addition to the plum and raspberry notes from the grapes. It's good, commercial-quality red wine. END
START HERE Lithe and nicely balanced, this flavorful wine shows a red berry-herb bouquet and a pleasingly dry, gently spicy palate. The mouthfeel is good, and shows some texture despite the fact that it's light-weight on the palate. An interesting chalk note comes in on the back end of this pleasant, easy-drinking surprise.", "Agreeable and smooth, this tastes pro-actively flavored with oak. The wood character comes out as flavors of maple syrup, vanilla and clove in addition to the plum and raspberry notes from the grapes. It's good, commercial-quality red wine.", "So ripe and rich in fruit, you won't even notice the absence of oak. The grapes come mostly from Lodi, with a touch of Monterey. Brightened with crisp acidity, the flavors are of spicy, zesty tangerines and vanilla. END
START HERE Agreeable and smooth, this tastes pro-actively flavored with oak. The wood character comes out as flavors of maple syrup, vanilla and clove in addition to the plum and raspberry notes from the grapes. It's good, commercial-quality red wine.", "So ripe and rich in fruit, you won't even notice the absence of oak. The grapes come mostly from Lodi, with a touch of Monterey. Brightened with crisp acidity, the flavors are of spicy, zesty tangerines and vanilla.", "Stone-fruit aromas of nectarine and ripe peach drizzled with honey are followed by medium-plus sweet fruit flavors. It's a straight-forward easy drinker. END
START HERE So ripe and rich in fruit, you won't even notice the absence of oak. The grapes come mostly from Lodi, with a touch of Monterey. Brightened with crisp acidity, the flavors are of spicy, zesty tangerines and vanilla.", "Stone-fruit aromas of nectarine and ripe peach drizzled with honey are followed by medium-plus sweet fruit flavors. It's a straight-forward easy drinker.", "This Merlot seems designed for folks who like their red wines with residual sugar. It's soft and sugary, with raspberry jam and oak flavors. END
START HERE Stone-fruit aromas of nectarine and ripe peach drizzled with honey are followed by medium-plus sweet fruit flavors. It's a straight-forward easy drinker.", "This Merlot seems designed for folks who like their red wines with residual sugar. It's soft and sugary, with raspberry jam and oak flavors.", 'Opens with honest green notes of gooseberry, lime and sea foam, and while the palate is a touch soft in texture, it has true Chilean SB flavors of bell pepper, fresh lettuce and melon. Sturdy on the finish, with a forward attitude. END
START HERE This Merlot seems designed for folks who like their red wines with residual sugar. It's soft and sugary, with raspberry jam and oak flavors.", 'Opens with honest green notes of gooseberry, lime and sea foam, and while the palate is a touch soft in texture, it has true Chilean SB flavors of bell pepper, fresh lettuce and melon. Sturdy on the finish, with a forward attitude.', 'An aromatic, fruity nose and balanced fruity/floral flavors recommend this elegant Chardonnay from Recas. Good minerality and acid and a lingering finish add to the appeal. Pair with poultry, pork. END
START HERE Opens with honest green notes of gooseberry, lime and sea foam, and while the palate is a touch soft in texture, it has true Chilean SB flavors of bell pepper, fresh lettuce and melon. Sturdy on the finish, with a forward attitude.', 'An aromatic, fruity nose and balanced fruity/floral flavors recommend this elegant Chardonnay from Recas. Good minerality and acid and a lingering finish add to the appeal. Pair with poultry, pork.', 'The nose is standard fare as it offers cherry, plum and a hint of herbaceousness. Good plum and berry fruit carries the mouth, while the finish is round and smooth. The wine is balanced and entirely satisfying even if it is basic in its intent. As per usual, Calina delivers a good wine for the price. -M.S. END
START HERE An aromatic, fruity nose and balanced fruity/floral flavors recommend this elegant Chardonnay from Recas. Good minerality and acid and a lingering finish add to the appeal. Pair with poultry, pork.', 'The nose is standard fare as it offers cherry, plum and a hint of herbaceousness. Good plum and berry fruit carries the mouth, while the finish is round and smooth. The wine is balanced and entirely satisfying even if it is basic in its intent. As per usual, Calina delivers a good wine for the price. -M.S.', 'Charred wood notes on the nose and palate lend a smoky, slightly herbal tone to dense, richly concentrated black-cherry flavors. The char subsides substantially with aeration, revealing a well-composed wine that balances power with elegance. END
START HERE The nose is standard fare as it offers cherry, plum and a hint of herbaceousness. Good plum and berry fruit carries the mouth, while the finish is round and smooth. The wine is balanced and entirely satisfying even if it is basic in its intent. As per usual, Calina delivers a good wine for the price. -M.S.', 'Charred wood notes on the nose and palate lend a smoky, slightly herbal tone to dense, richly concentrated black-cherry flavors. The char subsides substantially with aeration, revealing a well-composed wine that balances power with elegance.', 'Somewhat watery and simple, this Pinot has pleasant cherry, cola and oak flavors. The mouthfeel is raw. END
START HERE Charred wood notes on the nose and palate lend a smoky, slightly herbal tone to dense, richly concentrated black-cherry flavors. The char subsides substantially with aeration, revealing a well-composed wine that balances power with elegance.', 'Somewhat watery and simple, this Pinot has pleasant cherry, cola and oak flavors. The mouthfeel is raw.', 'Plenty of herbal, mushroomy notes in the nose. The wine is light, soft and fruity. The mushroom flavors could be a real asset with the right food. Finishes true to form, with nothing off. END
START HERE Somewhat watery and simple, this Pinot has pleasant cherry, cola and oak flavors. The mouthfeel is raw.', 'Plenty of herbal, mushroomy notes in the nose. The wine is light, soft and fruity. The mushroom flavors could be a real asset with the right food. Finishes true to form, with nothing off.', 'Soft in texture and semi-sweet, this simple Merlot has sugary cherry and blackberry flavors. END
START HERE Plenty of herbal, mushroomy notes in the nose. The wine is light, soft and fruity. The mushroom flavors could be a real asset with the right food. Finishes true to form, with nothing off.', 'Soft in texture and semi-sweet, this simple Merlot has sugary cherry and blackberry flavors.', "This is prickly and grassy smelling, with cherry candy and plum aromas. The palate is tangy and abrasive, with plum, herb, spice and green tobacco flavors. It's tart and a bit green on the finish. END
START HERE Soft in texture and semi-sweet, this simple Merlot has sugary cherry and blackberry flavors.', "This is prickly and grassy smelling, with cherry candy and plum aromas. The palate is tangy and abrasive, with plum, herb, spice and green tobacco flavors. It's tart and a bit green on the finish.", "This wine delivers a solid hit for the popular Chardonnay style, with oak-inspired orange and mango flavors, in a creamy package. For the price, it's a good buy. END
START HERE This is prickly and grassy smelling, with cherry candy and plum aromas. The palate is tangy and abrasive, with plum, herb, spice and green tobacco flavors. It's tart and a bit green on the finish.", "This wine delivers a solid hit for the popular Chardonnay style, with oak-inspired orange and mango flavors, in a creamy package. For the price, it's a good buy.", 'This Romanian Riesling has aromas of peach, lemon blossom and honeysuckle. In the mouth there are flavors of apricot and lemon zest. The finish is clean and a bit astringent. END
START HERE This wine delivers a solid hit for the popular Chardonnay style, with oak-inspired orange and mango flavors, in a creamy package. For the price, it's a good buy.", 'This Romanian Riesling has aromas of peach, lemon blossom and honeysuckle. In the mouth there are flavors of apricot and lemon zest. The finish is clean and a bit astringent.', 'Candied yellow apples, sweet honeydew and very ripe Bosc pears show on the nose of this bottling. Tropical flavors of guava and tuberose dominate the sip, proving a tad thick and fruity. END
START HERE This Romanian Riesling has aromas of peach, lemon blossom and honeysuckle. In the mouth there are flavors of apricot and lemon zest. The finish is clean and a bit astringent.', 'Candied yellow apples, sweet honeydew and very ripe Bosc pears show on the nose of this bottling. Tropical flavors of guava and tuberose dominate the sip, proving a tad thick and fruity.', 'Pyrazine-based notes of green pepper are most prominent on a basic nose. This feels lean and stony. Briny, salty citrus flavors lack complexity. END
START HERE Candied yellow apples, sweet honeydew and very ripe Bosc pears show on the nose of this bottling. Tropical flavors of guava and tuberose dominate the sip, proving a tad thick and fruity.', 'Pyrazine-based notes of green pepper are most prominent on a basic nose. This feels lean and stony. Briny, salty citrus flavors lack complexity.', "What a great value! This medium-bodied wine has spicy oak accents and mouth-filling fruit flavors. It's ripe and generous, with plump cherry and raspberry notes and a palate marked by mild tannins and soft texture. END
START HERE Pyrazine-based notes of green pepper are most prominent on a basic nose. This feels lean and stony. Briny, salty citrus flavors lack complexity.', "What a great value! This medium-bodied wine has spicy oak accents and mouth-filling fruit flavors. It's ripe and generous, with plump cherry and raspberry notes and a palate marked by mild tannins and soft texture.", 'Grassy, slightly green aromas are fresh and suggest cactus pad. This is easy on the palate, with flavors of citrus fruits and green herbs, such as tarragon and rosemary. A crisp finish is just solid enough to maintain integrity. END
START HERE What a great value! This medium-bodied wine has spicy oak accents and mouth-filling fruit flavors. It's ripe and generous, with plump cherry and raspberry notes and a palate marked by mild tannins and soft texture.", 'Grassy, slightly green aromas are fresh and suggest cactus pad. This is easy on the palate, with flavors of citrus fruits and green herbs, such as tarragon and rosemary. A crisp finish is just solid enough to maintain integrity.', 'This value-priced wine struts like it comes from a better neighborhood. The nose is clean and is centered on berry fruit, while the palate is medium in size, with creamy, sweet berry flavors. Mildly medicinal and candied, but good overall. END
START HERE Grassy, slightly green aromas are fresh and suggest cactus pad. This is easy on the palate, with flavors of citrus fruits and green herbs, such as tarragon and rosemary. A crisp finish is just solid enough to maintain integrity.', 'This value-priced wine struts like it comes from a better neighborhood. The nose is clean and is centered on berry fruit, while the palate is medium in size, with creamy, sweet berry flavors. Mildly medicinal and candied, but good overall.', 'This lively, medium-bodied and well-balanced wine smells of raspberries and dried herbs. It tastes invitingly fresh, combining bright fruit with earthy and savory accents. The color is relatively light, matching the overall tangy personality. END
START HERE This value-priced wine struts like it comes from a better neighborhood. The nose is clean and is centered on berry fruit, while the palate is medium in size, with creamy, sweet berry flavors. Mildly medicinal and candied, but good overall.', 'This lively, medium-bodied and well-balanced wine smells of raspberries and dried herbs. It tastes invitingly fresh, combining bright fruit with earthy and savory accents. The color is relatively light, matching the overall tangy personality.', 'This blend of Shiraz and Castelão is in a soft and ripe rosé style. There is just a touch of tannin from the Shiraz to give weight. The aftertaste is lightly sweet. END
START HERE This lively, medium-bodied and well-balanced wine smells of raspberries and dried herbs. It tastes invitingly fresh, combining bright fruit with earthy and savory accents. The color is relatively light, matching the overall tangy personality.', 'This blend of Shiraz and Castelão is in a soft and ripe rosé style. There is just a touch of tannin from the Shiraz to give weight. The aftertaste is lightly sweet.', "If this is the reserve, I'd hate to taste the regular. There's almost no fruit, with only a drop of citrus swimming in the alcohol and acidity. END
START HERE This blend of Shiraz and Castelão is in a soft and ripe rosé style. There is just a touch of tannin from the Shiraz to give weight. The aftertaste is lightly sweet.', "If this is the reserve, I'd hate to taste the regular. There's almost no fruit, with only a drop of citrus swimming in the alcohol and acidity.", "Most of the grapes come from the southern Central Valley, and they give ripe Chardonnay flavors of pineapples and pears. Oak, in whatever form it was applied, dominates with vanilla, buttered toast and caramel notes. If you like a little sweetness, it's for you. END
START HERE If this is the reserve, I'd hate to taste the regular. There's almost no fruit, with only a drop of citrus swimming in the alcohol and acidity.", "Most of the grapes come from the southern Central Valley, and they give ripe Chardonnay flavors of pineapples and pears. Oak, in whatever form it was applied, dominates with vanilla, buttered toast and caramel notes. If you like a little sweetness, it's for you.", 'An ordinary Chardonnay—this is dryish and soft, bearing orange and apricot flavors, with a hit of buttercream. END
START HERE Most of the grapes come from the southern Central Valley, and they give ripe Chardonnay flavors of pineapples and pears. Oak, in whatever form it was applied, dominates with vanilla, buttered toast and caramel notes. If you like a little sweetness, it's for you.", 'An ordinary Chardonnay—this is dryish and soft, bearing orange and apricot flavors, with a hit of buttercream.', "Opens with light but earthy raspberry aromas and plum, and then it breaks up a bit with airing. The palate is lean but fresh and gritty, with cherry and cola flavors in front of a limited, narrow finish. Run-of-the-mill, which isn't bad given the price. END
START HERE An ordinary Chardonnay—this is dryish and soft, bearing orange and apricot flavors, with a hit of buttercream.', "Opens with light but earthy raspberry aromas and plum, and then it breaks up a bit with airing. The palate is lean but fresh and gritty, with cherry and cola flavors in front of a limited, narrow finish. Run-of-the-mill, which isn't bad given the price.", 'Aromas of black olive and black fruits show an almost grilled element. This wine offers energy and balance, with a touch of oak. Plum, berry and cherry flavors end powerfully on a tightly wound finish. END
START HERE Opens with light but earthy raspberry aromas and plum, and then it breaks up a bit with airing. The palate is lean but fresh and gritty, with cherry and cola flavors in front of a limited, narrow finish. Run-of-the-mill, which isn't bad given the price.", 'Aromas of black olive and black fruits show an almost grilled element. This wine offers energy and balance, with a touch of oak. Plum, berry and cherry flavors end powerfully on a tightly wound finish.', 'Juicy and ripe with flavors of peach, tangerine and apple, this is an easy-drinking, off-dry Riesling. Delicately structured, it finishes moderately long with a pleasantly bitter lime pith note. END
START HERE Aromas of black olive and black fruits show an almost grilled element. This wine offers energy and balance, with a touch of oak. Plum, berry and cherry flavors end powerfully on a tightly wound finish.', 'Juicy and ripe with flavors of peach, tangerine and apple, this is an easy-drinking, off-dry Riesling. Delicately structured, it finishes moderately long with a pleasantly bitter lime pith note.', "This is lightly oaked, with pleasant Chardonnay flavors of oranges, limes and mangoes. However, it's too sweet, with a sugary finish that makes it cloying. END
START HERE Juicy and ripe with flavors of peach, tangerine and apple, this is an easy-drinking, off-dry Riesling. Delicately structured, it finishes moderately long with a pleasantly bitter lime pith note.', "This is lightly oaked, with pleasant Chardonnay flavors of oranges, limes and mangoes. However, it's too sweet, with a sugary finish that makes it cloying.", 'Apple and pear fruit is set in a frame of citrus, grapefruit flesh and rind. Skin flavors are well modulated, with a hint of minerality, as well. This is wine is drinking nicely—clean and persistent. END
START HERE This is lightly oaked, with pleasant Chardonnay flavors of oranges, limes and mangoes. However, it's too sweet, with a sugary finish that makes it cloying.", 'Apple and pear fruit is set in a frame of citrus, grapefruit flesh and rind. Skin flavors are well modulated, with a hint of minerality, as well. This is wine is drinking nicely—clean and persistent.', 'True bargains are hard to come by, so drop your guard for this $8 SB and you may wind up happy. Xplorador from Concha Y Toro is peachy and simple, with light grassiness and green notes. But it does have a plump, neutral palate and likable pineapple and apple flavors. Inoffensive and not flashy, but good for the money. END
START HERE Apple and pear fruit is set in a frame of citrus, grapefruit flesh and rind. Skin flavors are well modulated, with a hint of minerality, as well. This is wine is drinking nicely—clean and persistent.', 'True bargains are hard to come by, so drop your guard for this $8 SB and you may wind up happy. Xplorador from Concha Y Toro is peachy and simple, with light grassiness and green notes. But it does have a plump, neutral palate and likable pineapple and apple flavors. Inoffensive and not flashy, but good for the money.', 'This poised white offers aromas of honeysuckle, pear and flowers, and on the palate, curvy flavors of spice, apples and pear. Charming—serve chilled with cheese, dessert. END
START HERE True bargains are hard to come by, so drop your guard for this $8 SB and you may wind up happy. Xplorador from Concha Y Toro is peachy and simple, with light grassiness and green notes. But it does have a plump, neutral palate and likable pineapple and apple flavors. Inoffensive and not flashy, but good for the money.', 'This poised white offers aromas of honeysuckle, pear and flowers, and on the palate, curvy flavors of spice, apples and pear. Charming—serve chilled with cheese, dessert.', 'Riesling is the star of an excellent lineup of Best Buys from StoneCap. Estate-grown, fragrant and complex, it sends up aromas of lemon oil, orange peel, fresh-brewed tea, pastry and powdered sugar. Mildly sweet, fruity and delicate, it surprises with exceptional length. A very fine effort from new StoneCap winemaker Kendall Mix. END
START HERE This poised white offers aromas of honeysuckle, pear and flowers, and on the palate, curvy flavors of spice, apples and pear. Charming—serve chilled with cheese, dessert.', 'Riesling is the star of an excellent lineup of Best Buys from StoneCap. Estate-grown, fragrant and complex, it sends up aromas of lemon oil, orange peel, fresh-brewed tea, pastry and powdered sugar. Mildly sweet, fruity and delicate, it surprises with exceptional length. A very fine effort from new StoneCap winemaker Kendall Mix.', "Filled with bouncy aromas of melon, pear and tropical fruit, this lightweight charmer even blends in notes of butter and anise on the finish. It's a fun wine with the accent on fruit. Best Buy. END
START HERE Riesling is the star of an excellent lineup of Best Buys from StoneCap. Estate-grown, fragrant and complex, it sends up aromas of lemon oil, orange peel, fresh-brewed tea, pastry and powdered sugar. Mildly sweet, fruity and delicate, it surprises with exceptional length. A very fine effort from new StoneCap winemaker Kendall Mix.', "Filled with bouncy aromas of melon, pear and tropical fruit, this lightweight charmer even blends in notes of butter and anise on the finish. It's a fun wine with the accent on fruit. Best Buy.", 'This 100% stainless-steel-aged Sauvignon Blanc has a crisp, herbal mouthfeel, with a melon-like brightness. Just a touch of green pepper and jalapeño muddle the finish. END
START HERE Filled with bouncy aromas of melon, pear and tropical fruit, this lightweight charmer even blends in notes of butter and anise on the finish. It's a fun wine with the accent on fruit. Best Buy.", 'This 100% stainless-steel-aged Sauvignon Blanc has a crisp, herbal mouthfeel, with a melon-like brightness. Just a touch of green pepper and jalapeño muddle the finish.', "This wine is produced by the Malan family of Simonsig Estate from purchased grapes. Light, fresh, with crisp, green fruit, it is an easy, pleasant wine to drink, well-made and delicious. There's a lovely, creamy, toffee aftertaste. Best Buy. END
START HERE This 100% stainless-steel-aged Sauvignon Blanc has a crisp, herbal mouthfeel, with a melon-like brightness. Just a touch of green pepper and jalapeño muddle the finish.', "This wine is produced by the Malan family of Simonsig Estate from purchased grapes. Light, fresh, with crisp, green fruit, it is an easy, pleasant wine to drink, well-made and delicious. There's a lovely, creamy, toffee aftertaste. Best Buy.", 'Aromas of papaya and melon are hit with a slight sulfuric note. This feels plump, with mild citric acidity. Flavors of grapefruit, lime and grass are green and bright, but turn pithy on the finish. END
START HERE This wine is produced by the Malan family of Simonsig Estate from purchased grapes. Light, fresh, with crisp, green fruit, it is an easy, pleasant wine to drink, well-made and delicious. There's a lovely, creamy, toffee aftertaste. Best Buy.", 'Aromas of papaya and melon are hit with a slight sulfuric note. This feels plump, with mild citric acidity. Flavors of grapefruit, lime and grass are green and bright, but turn pithy on the finish.', 'A lovely floral streak adds interest to the bright red-berry and ripe rhubarb aromas. Cherry-skin and rich strawberry flavors fill the palate and remain through the clean finish. Light weight with soft tannins and an easy demeanor. END
START HERE Aromas of papaya and melon are hit with a slight sulfuric note. This feels plump, with mild citric acidity. Flavors of grapefruit, lime and grass are green and bright, but turn pithy on the finish.', 'A lovely floral streak adds interest to the bright red-berry and ripe rhubarb aromas. Cherry-skin and rich strawberry flavors fill the palate and remain through the clean finish. Light weight with soft tannins and an easy demeanor.', 'Snappy and pure aromas grace the nose, with Bartlett pear, lees and toasty oak most prominent. The palate is overt and fruity, featuring apple and citrus flavors accented by bright acidity. This seems like a fine appetizer, by-the-glass, or party-friendly wine, but the composite cork the winery is using is madness to get off the corkscrew. Best Buy. END
START HERE A lovely floral streak adds interest to the bright red-berry and ripe rhubarb aromas. Cherry-skin and rich strawberry flavors fill the palate and remain through the clean finish. Light weight with soft tannins and an easy demeanor.', 'Snappy and pure aromas grace the nose, with Bartlett pear, lees and toasty oak most prominent. The palate is overt and fruity, featuring apple and citrus flavors accented by bright acidity. This seems like a fine appetizer, by-the-glass, or party-friendly wine, but the composite cork the winery is using is madness to get off the corkscrew. Best Buy.', 'Early aromas of sea water, mushroom and rubber integrate into a more pleasant whole. The flavors are sweet and candied, while on the finish a mild vegetal hint comes on. That said, the wine is decent in the mouth, where the texture is pleasant. END
START HERE Snappy and pure aromas grace the nose, with Bartlett pear, lees and toasty oak most prominent. The palate is overt and fruity, featuring apple and citrus flavors accented by bright acidity. This seems like a fine appetizer, by-the-glass, or party-friendly wine, but the composite cork the winery is using is madness to get off the corkscrew. Best Buy.', 'Early aromas of sea water, mushroom and rubber integrate into a more pleasant whole. The flavors are sweet and candied, while on the finish a mild vegetal hint comes on. That said, the wine is decent in the mouth, where the texture is pleasant.', 'Tightly constructed for an entry-priced Chardonnay, this has faint almond nuttiness accenting pineapple and grapefruit flavors. Drink this medium-bodied wine through mid-2018. END
START HERE Early aromas of sea water, mushroom and rubber integrate into a more pleasant whole. The flavors are sweet and candied, while on the finish a mild vegetal hint comes on. That said, the wine is decent in the mouth, where the texture is pleasant.', 'Tightly constructed for an entry-priced Chardonnay, this has faint almond nuttiness accenting pineapple and grapefruit flavors. Drink this medium-bodied wine through mid-2018.', "The tea and raspberry aromas are easygoing, and that best describes this organic Cabernet Sauvignon. It's powerful enough on the palate, with a good berry flavor that tilts towards raspberry. The finish is herbal and peppery. END
START HERE Tightly constructed for an entry-priced Chardonnay, this has faint almond nuttiness accenting pineapple and grapefruit flavors. Drink this medium-bodied wine through mid-2018.', "The tea and raspberry aromas are easygoing, and that best describes this organic Cabernet Sauvignon. It's powerful enough on the palate, with a good berry flavor that tilts towards raspberry. The finish is herbal and peppery.", "There's a suggestion of sweetness underlying this pleasant, crisp and fruity wine. Though labeled 100% Sauvignon Blanc, it does little to showcase varietal character. However, as a fruit-forward, quaffable white, it works quite nicely. END
START HERE The tea and raspberry aromas are easygoing, and that best describes this organic Cabernet Sauvignon. It's powerful enough on the palate, with a good berry flavor that tilts towards raspberry. The finish is herbal and peppery.", "There's a suggestion of sweetness underlying this pleasant, crisp and fruity wine. Though labeled 100% Sauvignon Blanc, it does little to showcase varietal character. However, as a fruit-forward, quaffable white, it works quite nicely.", 'Zesty and tongue prickling, this is fresh, fruity and ready to drink. It has a sugar sweety character which is tempered by acidity and a touch of red currant. END
START HERE There's a suggestion of sweetness underlying this pleasant, crisp and fruity wine. Though labeled 100% Sauvignon Blanc, it does little to showcase varietal character. However, as a fruit-forward, quaffable white, it works quite nicely.", 'Zesty and tongue prickling, this is fresh, fruity and ready to drink. It has a sugar sweety character which is tempered by acidity and a touch of red currant.', 'Occupying the bottom rung (in terms of cost) of the Columbia Crest ladder, Two Vines wines are generally light, quite clean and simple, with a minimum exposure to oak. This fits the mold, with flavors of strawberry chews and cotton candy. The tannins are also light and herbal, with an earthy, pleasantly leafy finish. END
START HERE Zesty and tongue prickling, this is fresh, fruity and ready to drink. It has a sugar sweety character which is tempered by acidity and a touch of red currant.', 'Occupying the bottom rung (in terms of cost) of the Columbia Crest ladder, Two Vines wines are generally light, quite clean and simple, with a minimum exposure to oak. This fits the mold, with flavors of strawberry chews and cotton candy. The tannins are also light and herbal, with an earthy, pleasantly leafy finish.', 'The style is obtuse and the wine is sweet as sin and unctuous. Aromas of canned pear and peach suggest a lot of residual sugar. END
START HERE Occupying the bottom rung (in terms of cost) of the Columbia Crest ladder, Two Vines wines are generally light, quite clean and simple, with a minimum exposure to oak. This fits the mold, with flavors of strawberry chews and cotton candy. The tannins are also light and herbal, with an earthy, pleasantly leafy finish.', 'The style is obtuse and the wine is sweet as sin and unctuous. Aromas of canned pear and peach suggest a lot of residual sugar.', 'Muted on the nose, with flavors of apple and white gumdrops, and finishing with hints of butter and anise. END
START HERE The style is obtuse and the wine is sweet as sin and unctuous. Aromas of canned pear and peach suggest a lot of residual sugar.', 'Muted on the nose, with flavors of apple and white gumdrops, and finishing with hints of butter and anise.', "This is an easy-drinking quaffer, the kind most people think of when they hear Riesling. It's off dry but well balanced, with slightly broad melon and peach notes. A nice patio sipper for summer 2011. END
START HERE Muted on the nose, with flavors of apple and white gumdrops, and finishing with hints of butter and anise.', "This is an easy-drinking quaffer, the kind most people think of when they hear Riesling. It's off dry but well balanced, with slightly broad melon and peach notes. A nice patio sipper for summer 2011.", 'Light cherry and mild sulfuric aromas are standard fare for this class of wine, while the palate is snappy and fresh, with sweet-and-sour cherry and strawberry flavors. Finishes a little gritty and candied, but pleasant enough overall. END
START HERE This is an easy-drinking quaffer, the kind most people think of when they hear Riesling. It's off dry but well balanced, with slightly broad melon and peach notes. A nice patio sipper for summer 2011.", 'Light cherry and mild sulfuric aromas are standard fare for this class of wine, while the palate is snappy and fresh, with sweet-and-sour cherry and strawberry flavors. Finishes a little gritty and candied, but pleasant enough overall.', 'This is fresh and citrusy, with lemon and grapefruit aromas that lead to lightly herbal flavors. It tastes almost dry, is medium bodied, and has a good balance of crispness and straightforward fruit character. END
START HERE Light cherry and mild sulfuric aromas are standard fare for this class of wine, while the palate is snappy and fresh, with sweet-and-sour cherry and strawberry flavors. Finishes a little gritty and candied, but pleasant enough overall.', 'This is fresh and citrusy, with lemon and grapefruit aromas that lead to lightly herbal flavors. It tastes almost dry, is medium bodied, and has a good balance of crispness and straightforward fruit character.', 'A great entry-level Riesling, fresh, floral and delicate, the Two Vines offers refined, even subtle flavors of green apple and melon, with lovely natural acidity. Despite considerable residual sugar, it does not seem overly sweet. END
START HERE This is fresh and citrusy, with lemon and grapefruit aromas that lead to lightly herbal flavors. It tastes almost dry, is medium bodied, and has a good balance of crispness and straightforward fruit character.', 'A great entry-level Riesling, fresh, floral and delicate, the Two Vines offers refined, even subtle flavors of green apple and melon, with lovely natural acidity. Despite considerable residual sugar, it does not seem overly sweet.', "Labeled late harvest, but not terribly sweet, this includes small amounts of Muscat, Gewürztraminer and Chenin Blanc in the blend. Lemony with both citrus rind and sweet candy flavors, it's a useful, off-dry wine with a slightly sugary finish. END
START HERE A great entry-level Riesling, fresh, floral and delicate, the Two Vines offers refined, even subtle flavors of green apple and melon, with lovely natural acidity. Despite considerable residual sugar, it does not seem overly sweet.', "Labeled late harvest, but not terribly sweet, this includes small amounts of Muscat, Gewürztraminer and Chenin Blanc in the blend. Lemony with both citrus rind and sweet candy flavors, it's a useful, off-dry wine with a slightly sugary finish.", "The bouquet on this Cab is pretty good, with red-fruit aromas suggestive of plums. The palate is basic, with semisweet red-berry flavors that support the wine's “medium dry” designation. Things run mellow but steady on what amounts to a short, simple finish. END
START HERE Labeled late harvest, but not terribly sweet, this includes small amounts of Muscat, Gewürztraminer and Chenin Blanc in the blend. Lemony with both citrus rind and sweet candy flavors, it's a useful, off-dry wine with a slightly sugary finish.", "The bouquet on this Cab is pretty good, with red-fruit aromas suggestive of plums. The palate is basic, with semisweet red-berry flavors that support the wine's “medium dry” designation. Things run mellow but steady on what amounts to a short, simple finish.", 'Smooth and soft, this easygoing wine has mild fruit and oak-spice flavors, low acidity and a touch of sweetness to round off any edges. END
START HERE The bouquet on this Cab is pretty good, with red-fruit aromas suggestive of plums. The palate is basic, with semisweet red-berry flavors that support the wine's “medium dry” designation. Things run mellow but steady on what amounts to a short, simple finish.", 'Smooth and soft, this easygoing wine has mild fruit and oak-spice flavors, low acidity and a touch of sweetness to round off any edges.', 'Quite floral smelling and fruity tasting, this is not your usual Chardonnay. It smells like rose petals, tastes like Anjou pears and has a soft mouthfeel and medium body. END
START HERE Smooth and soft, this easygoing wine has mild fruit and oak-spice flavors, low acidity and a touch of sweetness to round off any edges.', 'Quite floral smelling and fruity tasting, this is not your usual Chardonnay. It smells like rose petals, tastes like Anjou pears and has a soft mouthfeel and medium body.', 'This clean, mild quaffer offers basic white-fruit aromas and a light-bodied, fresh palate. Apple and mild citrus flavors are short on the finish, which takes on an apricot flavor as it fades away. END
START HERE Quite floral smelling and fruity tasting, this is not your usual Chardonnay. It smells like rose petals, tastes like Anjou pears and has a soft mouthfeel and medium body.', 'This clean, mild quaffer offers basic white-fruit aromas and a light-bodied, fresh palate. Apple and mild citrus flavors are short on the finish, which takes on an apricot flavor as it fades away.', 'A blend of Cabernet and Merlot, this has red fruit notes, a light structure and plenty of final acidity. It finishes with caramel as well as freshness. END
START HERE This clean, mild quaffer offers basic white-fruit aromas and a light-bodied, fresh palate. Apple and mild citrus flavors are short on the finish, which takes on an apricot flavor as it fades away.', 'A blend of Cabernet and Merlot, this has red fruit notes, a light structure and plenty of final acidity. It finishes with caramel as well as freshness.', 'Pineapple and other tropical fruits comprise the simple, straightforward nose. Pear and tangerine flavors come across sharp, as does the finish. The wine is a bit edgy and lean on its own. END
START HERE A blend of Cabernet and Merlot, this has red fruit notes, a light structure and plenty of final acidity. It finishes with caramel as well as freshness.', 'Pineapple and other tropical fruits comprise the simple, straightforward nose. Pear and tangerine flavors come across sharp, as does the finish. The wine is a bit edgy and lean on its own.', 'A bit coarse in texture, with delicate flavors of candied lemon and pink grapefruit. No oak, but sur lie aging gives it a nice creaminess. END
START HERE Pineapple and other tropical fruits comprise the simple, straightforward nose. Pear and tangerine flavors come across sharp, as does the finish. The wine is a bit edgy and lean on its own.', 'A bit coarse in texture, with delicate flavors of candied lemon and pink grapefruit. No oak, but sur lie aging gives it a nice creaminess.', "Quiet on the bouquet except for a dusting of oak and banana. The palate is heavy and wide, if a bit flabby, and the flavors of melon and mango run sweet, much like fruit punch. Soft and sweet on the finish as well, and overall it's good but generic. Not many Chards in the price range will fare better. END
START HERE A bit coarse in texture, with delicate flavors of candied lemon and pink grapefruit. No oak, but sur lie aging gives it a nice creaminess.', "Quiet on the bouquet except for a dusting of oak and banana. The palate is heavy and wide, if a bit flabby, and the flavors of melon and mango run sweet, much like fruit punch. Soft and sweet on the finish as well, and overall it's good but generic. Not many Chards in the price range will fare better.", 'An uninteresting wine despite good dryness and acidity. The blackberry and cherry flavors are thin, and have vegetal notes. The blend is Grenache Noir, Syrah and Zinfandel. END
START HERE Quiet on the bouquet except for a dusting of oak and banana. The palate is heavy and wide, if a bit flabby, and the flavors of melon and mango run sweet, much like fruit punch. Soft and sweet on the finish as well, and overall it's good but generic. Not many Chards in the price range will fare better.", 'An uninteresting wine despite good dryness and acidity. The blackberry and cherry flavors are thin, and have vegetal notes. The blend is Grenache Noir, Syrah and Zinfandel.', 'Roasted red berry and tangy woodsy notes on both the nose and on the palate. Finishes with more oak, plus a tart metallic-herbal note that is softened by chalky tannins. END
START HERE An uninteresting wine despite good dryness and acidity. The blackberry and cherry flavors are thin, and have vegetal notes. The blend is Grenache Noir, Syrah and Zinfandel.', 'Roasted red berry and tangy woodsy notes on both the nose and on the palate. Finishes with more oak, plus a tart metallic-herbal note that is softened by chalky tannins.', 'Classic southwest France Sauvignon Blanc, bright, fresh and citrus-flavored. Great for summer drinking, clean and delicious. END
START HERE Roasted red berry and tangy woodsy notes on both the nose and on the palate. Finishes with more oak, plus a tart metallic-herbal note that is softened by chalky tannins.', 'Classic southwest France Sauvignon Blanc, bright, fresh and citrus-flavored. Great for summer drinking, clean and delicious.', 'Pretty impressive for the price, this Merlot has juicy, candied flavors of cherries, blackberries, red currants and chocolate that are wrapped into a smooth texture. A great buy for a wine this tasty. END
START HERE Classic southwest France Sauvignon Blanc, bright, fresh and citrus-flavored. Great for summer drinking, clean and delicious.', 'Pretty impressive for the price, this Merlot has juicy, candied flavors of cherries, blackberries, red currants and chocolate that are wrapped into a smooth texture. A great buy for a wine this tasty.', 'Soft and a bit sweet in jammy blackberries and cherries, with lots of pepper. Compromised by some unripe green mint flavors. END
START HERE Pretty impressive for the price, this Merlot has juicy, candied flavors of cherries, blackberries, red currants and chocolate that are wrapped into a smooth texture. A great buy for a wine this tasty.', 'Soft and a bit sweet in jammy blackberries and cherries, with lots of pepper. Compromised by some unripe green mint flavors.', "With fresh, jammy blackberry and cherry fruit, this Cab tastes like it's right out of the fermenting tank. It's bright in acidity and simple, but gets the job done. END
START HERE Soft and a bit sweet in jammy blackberries and cherries, with lots of pepper. Compromised by some unripe green mint flavors.', "With fresh, jammy blackberry and cherry fruit, this Cab tastes like it's right out of the fermenting tank. It's bright in acidity and simple, but gets the job done.", "Simple and sweet in cola, blackberry and oak flavors. At this price, it's suitable for big parties. END
START HERE With fresh, jammy blackberry and cherry fruit, this Cab tastes like it's right out of the fermenting tank. It's bright in acidity and simple, but gets the job done.", "Simple and sweet in cola, blackberry and oak flavors. At this price, it's suitable for big parties.", 'A little raw around the edges, but pretty good for the price. Shows true Cab character, with juicy berry and chocolate flavors and a hint of smoky oak. The finish is dry and spicy. END
START HERE Simple and sweet in cola, blackberry and oak flavors. At this price, it's suitable for big parties.", 'A little raw around the edges, but pretty good for the price. Shows true Cab character, with juicy berry and chocolate flavors and a hint of smoky oak. The finish is dry and spicy.', "A harmonious, balanced wine, with bright citrus and white stone fruit aromas, and vanilla and cream nicely balancing yellow fruit on the palate. At this price, it's a no-brainer. Drink now. END
START HERE A little raw around the edges, but pretty good for the price. Shows true Cab character, with juicy berry and chocolate flavors and a hint of smoky oak. The finish is dry and spicy.', "A harmonious, balanced wine, with bright citrus and white stone fruit aromas, and vanilla and cream nicely balancing yellow fruit on the palate. At this price, it's a no-brainer. Drink now.", "This informal red opens with aromas of red berry and a whiff of cellar floor. The simple palate offers black cherry and orange peel alongside zesty acidity and dusty tannins. It's made to be drunk young so enjoy soon. END
START HERE A harmonious, balanced wine, with bright citrus and white stone fruit aromas, and vanilla and cream nicely balancing yellow fruit on the palate. At this price, it's a no-brainer. Drink now.", "This informal red opens with aromas of red berry and a whiff of cellar floor. The simple palate offers black cherry and orange peel alongside zesty acidity and dusty tannins. It's made to be drunk young so enjoy soon.", "A pleasant, easy to drink Chardonnay whose price makes it a special value. It's dry and crisp, with tangerine and lemonade flavors finished with a touch of buttered toast and vanilla. END
START HERE This informal red opens with aromas of red berry and a whiff of cellar floor. The simple palate offers black cherry and orange peel alongside zesty acidity and dusty tannins. It's made to be drunk young so enjoy soon.", "A pleasant, easy to drink Chardonnay whose price makes it a special value. It's dry and crisp, with tangerine and lemonade flavors finished with a touch of buttered toast and vanilla.", 'Sweet and medicinal, with candied apricot and honey flavors balanced with crisp acidity. END
START HERE A pleasant, easy to drink Chardonnay whose price makes it a special value. It's dry and crisp, with tangerine and lemonade flavors finished with a touch of buttered toast and vanilla.", 'Sweet and medicinal, with candied apricot and honey flavors balanced with crisp acidity.', 'Yellow straw, oxidized, with dull and flat flavors showing hints of banana and dried apple. END
START HERE Sweet and medicinal, with candied apricot and honey flavors balanced with crisp acidity.', 'Yellow straw, oxidized, with dull and flat flavors showing hints of banana and dried apple.', "With 19% Cabernet Sauvignon, this is a deeply flavored, youthful wine, precocious and sharp with acidity, and fresh as newly crushed grapes. The dominant fruits are blackberries and plums, with a hint of bitter chocolate. The tannins are soft and creamy. It's a bit rough around the edges but is well made and gets the job done. END
START HERE Yellow straw, oxidized, with dull and flat flavors showing hints of banana and dried apple.', "With 19% Cabernet Sauvignon, this is a deeply flavored, youthful wine, precocious and sharp with acidity, and fresh as newly crushed grapes. The dominant fruits are blackberries and plums, with a hint of bitter chocolate. The tannins are soft and creamy. It's a bit rough around the edges but is well made and gets the job done.", 'Smooth and simple, this wine offers aromas of citrus pith, cantaloupe and green apple. Flavors suggest honeydew and tart apple juice. END
START HERE With 19% Cabernet Sauvignon, this is a deeply flavored, youthful wine, precocious and sharp with acidity, and fresh as newly crushed grapes. The dominant fruits are blackberries and plums, with a hint of bitter chocolate. The tannins are soft and creamy. It's a bit rough around the edges but is well made and gets the job done.", 'Smooth and simple, this wine offers aromas of citrus pith, cantaloupe and green apple. Flavors suggest honeydew and tart apple juice.', "This wine does not display the Riesling sweetness scale that's found on most Ste. Michelle Wine Estates Rieslings. This is off dry, and it has punchy peach, pear and apple flavors. END
START HERE Smooth and simple, this wine offers aromas of citrus pith, cantaloupe and green apple. Flavors suggest honeydew and tart apple juice.', "This wine does not display the Riesling sweetness scale that's found on most Ste. Michelle Wine Estates Rieslings. This is off dry, and it has punchy peach, pear and apple flavors.", 'This mildly prickly, red-fruit dominated Malbec is perfectly drinkable. The nose is drying, while the palate shows red cherries and raspberry along with some forceful buttery oak. Reasonably long on the finish. END
START HERE This wine does not display the Riesling sweetness scale that's found on most Ste. Michelle Wine Estates Rieslings. This is off dry, and it has punchy peach, pear and apple flavors.", 'This mildly prickly, red-fruit dominated Malbec is perfectly drinkable. The nose is drying, while the palate shows red cherries and raspberry along with some forceful buttery oak. Reasonably long on the finish.', "Light in style and low in price and alcohol, this Chard is tropical and slightly sweet, perfect for your next-door neighbor or tippler aunt who doesn't often drink wine. For more experienced wine drinkers, the sweet doesn't overextend its welcome. Fine for weeknight roast chicken or pasta salad. END
START HERE This mildly prickly, red-fruit dominated Malbec is perfectly drinkable. The nose is drying, while the palate shows red cherries and raspberry along with some forceful buttery oak. Reasonably long on the finish.', "Light in style and low in price and alcohol, this Chard is tropical and slightly sweet, perfect for your next-door neighbor or tippler aunt who doesn't often drink wine. For more experienced wine drinkers, the sweet doesn't overextend its welcome. Fine for weeknight roast chicken or pasta salad.", 'This heavily wood-dominated wine features a dry and tannic texture. It seems lean for the vintage, giving the impression of severity. The fruit shows only in the acidity at the end. END
START HERE Light in style and low in price and alcohol, this Chard is tropical and slightly sweet, perfect for your next-door neighbor or tippler aunt who doesn't often drink wine. For more experienced wine drinkers, the sweet doesn't overextend its welcome. Fine for weeknight roast chicken or pasta salad.", 'This heavily wood-dominated wine features a dry and tannic texture. It seems lean for the vintage, giving the impression of severity. The fruit shows only in the acidity at the end.', 'This is an easy-going Merlot, at a very affordable price with a brilliant ruby appearance and simple aromas of berry fruit, cedar, spice and leather. The wine has a short, no-fuss finish and ends with crisp freshness. END
START HERE This heavily wood-dominated wine features a dry and tannic texture. It seems lean for the vintage, giving the impression of severity. The fruit shows only in the acidity at the end.', 'This is an easy-going Merlot, at a very affordable price with a brilliant ruby appearance and simple aromas of berry fruit, cedar, spice and leather. The wine has a short, no-fuss finish and ends with crisp freshness.', "A full-out charge of vanilla aromas is strange for a rosé, but that's what you get along with cherry candy notes. The palate is full and chunky, with stalky berry fruit flavors. Acidity is the wine's saving grace; it keeps things moving. END
START HERE This is an easy-going Merlot, at a very affordable price with a brilliant ruby appearance and simple aromas of berry fruit, cedar, spice and leather. The wine has a short, no-fuss finish and ends with crisp freshness.', "A full-out charge of vanilla aromas is strange for a rosé, but that's what you get along with cherry candy notes. The palate is full and chunky, with stalky berry fruit flavors. Acidity is the wine's saving grace; it keeps things moving.", 'Stalky, leathery aromas deal only a modest amount of raspberry and plum scents. This Bobal-Cabernet Sauvignon blend is raw, lean and light in feel, with choppy, herbal cherry and currant flavors. END
START HERE A full-out charge of vanilla aromas is strange for a rosé, but that's what you get along with cherry candy notes. The palate is full and chunky, with stalky berry fruit flavors. Acidity is the wine's saving grace; it keeps things moving.", 'Stalky, leathery aromas deal only a modest amount of raspberry and plum scents. This Bobal-Cabernet Sauvignon blend is raw, lean and light in feel, with choppy, herbal cherry and currant flavors.', "The aromas of apricot, flowers and beeswax are like a welcome mat. The mouth is full and properly acidic; flavors of honey, ripe white fruits and some mustard seed make for a wine that's got a lot of power working for it. Best Buy. END
START HERE Stalky, leathery aromas deal only a modest amount of raspberry and plum scents. This Bobal-Cabernet Sauvignon blend is raw, lean and light in feel, with choppy, herbal cherry and currant flavors.', "The aromas of apricot, flowers and beeswax are like a welcome mat. The mouth is full and properly acidic; flavors of honey, ripe white fruits and some mustard seed make for a wine that's got a lot of power working for it. Best Buy.", "If this Merlot had greater flavor intensity, it would be spectacular. It's a very nice photocopy of a great Merlot, meaning that the berry and spice fruit is soft in focus but pleasurable. A great value—dry and classy in its own way. END
START HERE The aromas of apricot, flowers and beeswax are like a welcome mat. The mouth is full and properly acidic; flavors of honey, ripe white fruits and some mustard seed make for a wine that's got a lot of power working for it. Best Buy.", "If this Merlot had greater flavor intensity, it would be spectacular. It's a very nice photocopy of a great Merlot, meaning that the berry and spice fruit is soft in focus but pleasurable. A great value—dry and classy in its own way.", 'Chewing gum, plum and raspberry aromas are raw and suggestive of grape skins. The wine is juicy but without much body or spine. Flavors of generic red fruits and watermelon finish rubbery and slightly bitter. Drink in 2014. END
START HERE If this Merlot had greater flavor intensity, it would be spectacular. It's a very nice photocopy of a great Merlot, meaning that the berry and spice fruit is soft in focus but pleasurable. A great value—dry and classy in its own way.", 'Chewing gum, plum and raspberry aromas are raw and suggestive of grape skins. The wine is juicy but without much body or spine. Flavors of generic red fruits and watermelon finish rubbery and slightly bitter. Drink in 2014.', 'Flamboyant, exotic aromas of oranges and mangoes emanate from the glass, but the tropical and citrus fruits are more muted in the mouth, finishing with earth and a spicy, clove-pepper note. END
START HERE Chewing gum, plum and raspberry aromas are raw and suggestive of grape skins. The wine is juicy but without much body or spine. Flavors of generic red fruits and watermelon finish rubbery and slightly bitter. Drink in 2014.', 'Flamboyant, exotic aromas of oranges and mangoes emanate from the glass, but the tropical and citrus fruits are more muted in the mouth, finishing with earth and a spicy, clove-pepper note.', 'A good value in a super-oaky Chardonnay, brimming with pineapple, vanilla and butterscotch flavors that finish sweet and clean. END
START HERE Flamboyant, exotic aromas of oranges and mangoes emanate from the glass, but the tropical and citrus fruits are more muted in the mouth, finishing with earth and a spicy, clove-pepper note.', 'A good value in a super-oaky Chardonnay, brimming with pineapple, vanilla and butterscotch flavors that finish sweet and clean.', 'This wine is quite the bargain, offering nice fruit and spice for under $10. Simply structured with soft tannins, juicy black currant and plum flavors all accented by a hint of pepper. Drink now. END
START HERE A good value in a super-oaky Chardonnay, brimming with pineapple, vanilla and butterscotch flavors that finish sweet and clean.', 'This wine is quite the bargain, offering nice fruit and spice for under $10. Simply structured with soft tannins, juicy black currant and plum flavors all accented by a hint of pepper. Drink now.', "Gritty white-fruit aromas show a note of vanilla. This tastes of bland passion fruit, with a weedy note thrown in. On the finish, this doesn't give much at all. END
START HERE This wine is quite the bargain, offering nice fruit and spice for under $10. Simply structured with soft tannins, juicy black currant and plum flavors all accented by a hint of pepper. Drink now.', "Gritty white-fruit aromas show a note of vanilla. This tastes of bland passion fruit, with a weedy note thrown in. On the finish, this doesn't give much at all.", "This is just a bit on the sweet side, but there is plenty of acidity to be found. It's fruity, peachy, succulent and fresh. END
START HERE Gritty white-fruit aromas show a note of vanilla. This tastes of bland passion fruit, with a weedy note thrown in. On the finish, this doesn't give much at all.", "This is just a bit on the sweet side, but there is plenty of acidity to be found. It's fruity, peachy, succulent and fresh.", "Light aromas of apple and pear are followed by lightly concentrated fruit flavors. It's enjoyable but seems a bit faint. END
START HERE This is just a bit on the sweet side, but there is plenty of acidity to be found. It's fruity, peachy, succulent and fresh.", "Light aromas of apple and pear are followed by lightly concentrated fruit flavors. It's enjoyable but seems a bit faint.", "There's nothing wrong with this value-priced blend of Grenache, Tempranillo, Syrah and Cabernet. Yes, it's probably on the generic side of the fence; but given that the berry and cherry flavors are forward, clean and bright, one shouldn't complain. Snappy, with just a hint of coconut and mocha on the finish. END
START HERE Light aromas of apple and pear are followed by lightly concentrated fruit flavors. It's enjoyable but seems a bit faint.", "There's nothing wrong with this value-priced blend of Grenache, Tempranillo, Syrah and Cabernet. Yes, it's probably on the generic side of the fence; but given that the berry and cherry flavors are forward, clean and bright, one shouldn't complain. Snappy, with just a hint of coconut and mocha on the finish.", 'Green apple and honeydew melon aromas carry right through to the fresh, fruity flavors in this light-bodied and round-textured wine. It has touches of butter and vanilla as well as all that fruit, plus a good balance between crispness and ripeness. END
START HERE There's nothing wrong with this value-priced blend of Grenache, Tempranillo, Syrah and Cabernet. Yes, it's probably on the generic side of the fence; but given that the berry and cherry flavors are forward, clean and bright, one shouldn't complain. Snappy, with just a hint of coconut and mocha on the finish.", 'Green apple and honeydew melon aromas carry right through to the fresh, fruity flavors in this light-bodied and round-textured wine. It has touches of butter and vanilla as well as all that fruit, plus a good balance between crispness and ripeness.', 'Soft and fruity with some sweetness, this red-fruit-flavored wine is rounded and warm, crispened by acidity. END
START HERE Green apple and honeydew melon aromas carry right through to the fresh, fruity flavors in this light-bodied and round-textured wine. It has touches of butter and vanilla as well as all that fruit, plus a good balance between crispness and ripeness.', 'Soft and fruity with some sweetness, this red-fruit-flavored wine is rounded and warm, crispened by acidity.', "A good $8 wine with snap, crackle and pop. The nose brings black cherry and saucy aromas, while the palate is sweet, a bit medicinal and just a little herbal. There's a creamy sweetness to the finish and another modest dose of herbs and medicinality. Any faults should be offset by the cost. END
START HERE Soft and fruity with some sweetness, this red-fruit-flavored wine is rounded and warm, crispened by acidity.', "A good $8 wine with snap, crackle and pop. The nose brings black cherry and saucy aromas, while the palate is sweet, a bit medicinal and just a little herbal. There's a creamy sweetness to the finish and another modest dose of herbs and medicinality. Any faults should be offset by the cost.", 'Soft, sugary sweet and simple, with cherry jam and chocolate flavors. END
START HERE A good $8 wine with snap, crackle and pop. The nose brings black cherry and saucy aromas, while the palate is sweet, a bit medicinal and just a little herbal. There's a creamy sweetness to the finish and another modest dose of herbs and medicinality. Any faults should be offset by the cost.", 'Soft, sugary sweet and simple, with cherry jam and chocolate flavors.', 'A solid Zinfandel, dry and stylish. Not a blockbuster, just a well-crafted wine that offers nice berry, cherry, tobacco and spice flavors. END
START HERE Soft, sugary sweet and simple, with cherry jam and chocolate flavors.', 'A solid Zinfandel, dry and stylish. Not a blockbuster, just a well-crafted wine that offers nice berry, cherry, tobacco and spice flavors.', "Lively, lip-smacking fruit flavors and a tangy, tannic texture will make this a great pairing with grilled chicken, steak or portobello mushrooms. Medium bodied and well balanced, it's fun to drink. END
START HERE A solid Zinfandel, dry and stylish. Not a blockbuster, just a well-crafted wine that offers nice berry, cherry, tobacco and spice flavors.', "Lively, lip-smacking fruit flavors and a tangy, tannic texture will make this a great pairing with grilled chicken, steak or portobello mushrooms. Medium bodied and well balanced, it's fun to drink.", 'With its 10% alcohol, bright fruit and lush, round mouthfeel, this is more mainstream (and main meal) than the late harvest label would suggest. The sweetness is perfectly balanced against firm acids, and the fruit flavors combine citrus and peach with light streaks of honey. END
START HERE Lively, lip-smacking fruit flavors and a tangy, tannic texture will make this a great pairing with grilled chicken, steak or portobello mushrooms. Medium bodied and well balanced, it's fun to drink.", 'With its 10% alcohol, bright fruit and lush, round mouthfeel, this is more mainstream (and main meal) than the late harvest label would suggest. The sweetness is perfectly balanced against firm acids, and the fruit flavors combine citrus and peach with light streaks of honey.', 'This perfumed wine is firm with tannins that gives a spicy character. It has a dry core, a juicy aftertaste and rich blackberry fruit that will certainly develop as it matures. Give it some time and drink from 2021. END
START HERE With its 10% alcohol, bright fruit and lush, round mouthfeel, this is more mainstream (and main meal) than the late harvest label would suggest. The sweetness is perfectly balanced against firm acids, and the fruit flavors combine citrus and peach with light streaks of honey.', 'This perfumed wine is firm with tannins that gives a spicy character. It has a dry core, a juicy aftertaste and rich blackberry fruit that will certainly develop as it matures. Give it some time and drink from 2021.', 'Simple and soft, with buttery citrus flavors. Would score higher, but the wine falls apart on the finish. END
START HERE This perfumed wine is firm with tannins that gives a spicy character. It has a dry core, a juicy aftertaste and rich blackberry fruit that will certainly develop as it matures. Give it some time and drink from 2021.', 'Simple and soft, with buttery citrus flavors. Would score higher, but the wine falls apart on the finish.', "Briny, rubbery aromas of asphalt and blackberry set up a fat, wide palate. Herbal, green-infused berry flavors finish with notes of carob, herbs and field greens. The round mouthfeel and textural balance are this wine's strong points. END
START HERE Simple and soft, with buttery citrus flavors. Would score higher, but the wine falls apart on the finish.', "Briny, rubbery aromas of asphalt and blackberry set up a fat, wide palate. Herbal, green-infused berry flavors finish with notes of carob, herbs and field greens. The round mouthfeel and textural balance are this wine's strong points.", "At this price, buy a bunch and pour it in paper cups at your next big party. You won't get any complaints. Blackberry, chocolate and oak-like flavors are front and center. END
START HERE Briny, rubbery aromas of asphalt and blackberry set up a fat, wide palate. Herbal, green-infused berry flavors finish with notes of carob, herbs and field greens. The round mouthfeel and textural balance are this wine's strong points.", "At this price, buy a bunch and pour it in paper cups at your next big party. You won't get any complaints. Blackberry, chocolate and oak-like flavors are front and center.", 'Clove and clam shell aromas are strange and not enticing. This feels grabby and scratchy, with a strong covering of clove on top of dry tomato and tart berry flavors. A raw finish is abrasive in feel. END
START HERE At this price, buy a bunch and pour it in paper cups at your next big party. You won't get any complaints. Blackberry, chocolate and oak-like flavors are front and center.", 'Clove and clam shell aromas are strange and not enticing. This feels grabby and scratchy, with a strong covering of clove on top of dry tomato and tart berry flavors. A raw finish is abrasive in feel.', 'Heavy and gold in color, with aromas of browned butter, wheat and corn cakes. The bouquet and color are heavy, and so is the palate: There you get oak barrel and toast, but little to no fruit. Even the finish is woody, with just a hint of melon and banana. A good experimental wine for those eager to taste oak; otherwise steer clear. END
START HERE Clove and clam shell aromas are strange and not enticing. This feels grabby and scratchy, with a strong covering of clove on top of dry tomato and tart berry flavors. A raw finish is abrasive in feel.', 'Heavy and gold in color, with aromas of browned butter, wheat and corn cakes. The bouquet and color are heavy, and so is the palate: There you get oak barrel and toast, but little to no fruit. Even the finish is woody, with just a hint of melon and banana. A good experimental wine for those eager to taste oak; otherwise steer clear.', 'Earthy, rubbery dark-berry aromas feed into a lean palate supported by drawing tannins. Like the nose, this tastes herbal and leafy, with generic berry flavors and a touch of mushroom. The finish is light and short. END
START HERE Heavy and gold in color, with aromas of browned butter, wheat and corn cakes. The bouquet and color are heavy, and so is the palate: There you get oak barrel and toast, but little to no fruit. Even the finish is woody, with just a hint of melon and banana. A good experimental wine for those eager to taste oak; otherwise steer clear.', 'Earthy, rubbery dark-berry aromas feed into a lean palate supported by drawing tannins. Like the nose, this tastes herbal and leafy, with generic berry flavors and a touch of mushroom. The finish is light and short.', 'Briny pithy citrus aromas and a standard-feeling palate tell you this is regular but solidly made. Citrus flavors are largely ripe, while pithy grapefruit notes are found on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Earthy, rubbery dark-berry aromas feed into a lean palate supported by drawing tannins. Like the nose, this tastes herbal and leafy, with generic berry flavors and a touch of mushroom. The finish is light and short.', 'Briny pithy citrus aromas and a standard-feeling palate tell you this is regular but solidly made. Citrus flavors are largely ripe, while pithy grapefruit notes are found on the finish. Drink now.', 'A delicious wine and very much the model for value in Spanish Garnacha. That this has 25% Tempranillo only seems to make it better; the nose is sweet but full and plummy. The palate is pure, flavorful and sweet, with baked cherry, earthiness and a hint of chocolate. A wine to buy in quantity, i.e. by the case. END
START HERE Briny pithy citrus aromas and a standard-feeling palate tell you this is regular but solidly made. Citrus flavors are largely ripe, while pithy grapefruit notes are found on the finish. Drink now.', 'A delicious wine and very much the model for value in Spanish Garnacha. That this has 25% Tempranillo only seems to make it better; the nose is sweet but full and plummy. The palate is pure, flavorful and sweet, with baked cherry, earthiness and a hint of chocolate. A wine to buy in quantity, i.e. by the case.', "A fine bottle at a great price, this fresh and clean-tasting Sauvignon Blanc offers a bracing mix of tree fruit, with just a touch of sweet herb. It's clearly varietal: no frills, just straightforward and very nicely made. END
START HERE A delicious wine and very much the model for value in Spanish Garnacha. That this has 25% Tempranillo only seems to make it better; the nose is sweet but full and plummy. The palate is pure, flavorful and sweet, with baked cherry, earthiness and a hint of chocolate. A wine to buy in quantity, i.e. by the case.', "A fine bottle at a great price, this fresh and clean-tasting Sauvignon Blanc offers a bracing mix of tree fruit, with just a touch of sweet herb. It's clearly varietal: no frills, just straightforward and very nicely made.", "This popular brand's pink version is off dry, lightly fizzy and fruity. It has a strawberry-sherbet character that is attractive and great for summer drinking. END
START HERE A fine bottle at a great price, this fresh and clean-tasting Sauvignon Blanc offers a bracing mix of tree fruit, with just a touch of sweet herb. It's clearly varietal: no frills, just straightforward and very nicely made.", "This popular brand's pink version is off dry, lightly fizzy and fruity. It has a strawberry-sherbet character that is attractive and great for summer drinking.", 'Sugary flavors of red-cherry jam and toasted, almost ashy oak mark this simple Merlot. END
START HERE This popular brand's pink version is off dry, lightly fizzy and fruity. It has a strawberry-sherbet character that is attractive and great for summer drinking.", 'Sugary flavors of red-cherry jam and toasted, almost ashy oak mark this simple Merlot.', 'The Two Vines Chardonnay is simple, clean and reliable. Suggestions of green apple and white peach appear on the palate. END
START HERE Sugary flavors of red-cherry jam and toasted, almost ashy oak mark this simple Merlot.', 'The Two Vines Chardonnay is simple, clean and reliable. Suggestions of green apple and white peach appear on the palate.', 'Bone-dry, hard and crisp, this is a basic, stainless-steel fermented, nonmalolactic style of Chardonnay. Brisk and competent, but neutral. END
START HERE The Two Vines Chardonnay is simple, clean and reliable. Suggestions of green apple and white peach appear on the palate.', 'Bone-dry, hard and crisp, this is a basic, stainless-steel fermented, nonmalolactic style of Chardonnay. Brisk and competent, but neutral.', 'This stylish lightweight has some tasty pear, quince and citrus flavors, finishing with a hint of spice. Best as an apéritif or with a light fish course. END
START HERE Bone-dry, hard and crisp, this is a basic, stainless-steel fermented, nonmalolactic style of Chardonnay. Brisk and competent, but neutral.', 'This stylish lightweight has some tasty pear, quince and citrus flavors, finishing with a hint of spice. Best as an apéritif or with a light fish course.', "A nice Sauvignon Blanc for the price. It's basically dry, with honeysuckle, pineapple, lime, gooseberry and green apple flavors brightened by crisp acidity. Easy to drink at a good price. END
START HERE This stylish lightweight has some tasty pear, quince and citrus flavors, finishing with a hint of spice. Best as an apéritif or with a light fish course.', "A nice Sauvignon Blanc for the price. It's basically dry, with honeysuckle, pineapple, lime, gooseberry and green apple flavors brightened by crisp acidity. Easy to drink at a good price.", 'Bright pink in color, this 100% Touriga Nacional rosé is ripe with caramel and red berry flavors. It misses out on acidity, leaving the wine flat at the end. END
START HERE A nice Sauvignon Blanc for the price. It's basically dry, with honeysuckle, pineapple, lime, gooseberry and green apple flavors brightened by crisp acidity. Easy to drink at a good price.", 'Bright pink in color, this 100% Touriga Nacional rosé is ripe with caramel and red berry flavors. It misses out on acidity, leaving the wine flat at the end.', 'Briny cherry and raspberry aromas offer up a note of tire rubber. Muddled cherry and berry flavors finish short, and overall this wine lacks character. END
START HERE Bright pink in color, this 100% Touriga Nacional rosé is ripe with caramel and red berry flavors. It misses out on acidity, leaving the wine flat at the end.', 'Briny cherry and raspberry aromas offer up a note of tire rubber. Muddled cherry and berry flavors finish short, and overall this wine lacks character.', 'Spiced berry aromas are dense and suggest raisin, but overall this is a clean, inexpensive blend of Garnacha and Tempranillo that is satisfying and highly competent. Flavors run smoky, rubbery and dark, but not baked or too heavy. Toasty and roasty on the finish, too. END
START HERE Briny cherry and raspberry aromas offer up a note of tire rubber. Muddled cherry and berry flavors finish short, and overall this wine lacks character.', 'Spiced berry aromas are dense and suggest raisin, but overall this is a clean, inexpensive blend of Garnacha and Tempranillo that is satisfying and highly competent. Flavors run smoky, rubbery and dark, but not baked or too heavy. Toasty and roasty on the finish, too.', 'Pear and apple aromas receive a kick from some creamy, vanilla-tinged oak. The palate is mostly tangerine and lime, with some rich baked-apple undertones. The lengthy finish is solid, as is the mouthfeel. Best Buy. END
START HERE Spiced berry aromas are dense and suggest raisin, but overall this is a clean, inexpensive blend of Garnacha and Tempranillo that is satisfying and highly competent. Flavors run smoky, rubbery and dark, but not baked or too heavy. Toasty and roasty on the finish, too.', 'Pear and apple aromas receive a kick from some creamy, vanilla-tinged oak. The palate is mostly tangerine and lime, with some rich baked-apple undertones. The lengthy finish is solid, as is the mouthfeel. Best Buy.', "Highly perfumed, with delicate floral and peach notes leaping out of the glass. Melon and peach flavors combine on the palate. Lightweight and finishes short, but it's a solid apéritif. Best Buy. END
START HERE Pear and apple aromas receive a kick from some creamy, vanilla-tinged oak. The palate is mostly tangerine and lime, with some rich baked-apple undertones. The lengthy finish is solid, as is the mouthfeel. Best Buy.', "Highly perfumed, with delicate floral and peach notes leaping out of the glass. Melon and peach flavors combine on the palate. Lightweight and finishes short, but it's a solid apéritif. Best Buy.", 'Aromas like jam and maple syrup and equally ripe, generous flavors give this medium-bodied wine an easy appeal. The texture is soft for this type, the flavors are not too deep and the finish is light. END
START HERE Highly perfumed, with delicate floral and peach notes leaping out of the glass. Melon and peach flavors combine on the palate. Lightweight and finishes short, but it's a solid apéritif. Best Buy.", 'Aromas like jam and maple syrup and equally ripe, generous flavors give this medium-bodied wine an easy appeal. The texture is soft for this type, the flavors are not too deep and the finish is light.', "Very young, this is a fine follow-up to the winery's outstanding 2009. Dark and rich, the estate-grown fruit offers far more flavor than almost any domestic Merlot in this price range. Blackberries, black cherry, smoke and espresso lead into a grainy, chocolaty, tannic finish. END
START HERE Aromas like jam and maple syrup and equally ripe, generous flavors give this medium-bodied wine an easy appeal. The texture is soft for this type, the flavors are not too deep and the finish is light.', "Very young, this is a fine follow-up to the winery's outstanding 2009. Dark and rich, the estate-grown fruit offers far more flavor than almost any domestic Merlot in this price range. Blackberries, black cherry, smoke and espresso lead into a grainy, chocolaty, tannic finish.", 'Berry and cherry aromas register as soupy and flat. Like the nose, this feels flat, chewy and dense. Stewed, rubbery prunes and plums finish with a fig-like note and rubbery tannins. END
START HERE Very young, this is a fine follow-up to the winery's outstanding 2009. Dark and rich, the estate-grown fruit offers far more flavor than almost any domestic Merlot in this price range. Blackberries, black cherry, smoke and espresso lead into a grainy, chocolaty, tannic finish.", 'Berry and cherry aromas register as soupy and flat. Like the nose, this feels flat, chewy and dense. Stewed, rubbery prunes and plums finish with a fig-like note and rubbery tannins.', 'A bit edgy in tannins and with some green flavors, but not a bad Cabernet for the price. Dry and robust, it shows blackberry and currant flavors, with a touch of smoky oak. END
START HERE Berry and cherry aromas register as soupy and flat. Like the nose, this feels flat, chewy and dense. Stewed, rubbery prunes and plums finish with a fig-like note and rubbery tannins.', 'A bit edgy in tannins and with some green flavors, but not a bad Cabernet for the price. Dry and robust, it shows blackberry and currant flavors, with a touch of smoky oak.', "Best Buy wines come in all shapes and sizes. This one settles at the bottom of the category, which doesn't mean that it doesn't have its charms, namely sweet and ready fruit and just enough acidity to keep it from being cloying. Keep in mind the price and young vintage when drinking. END
START HERE A bit edgy in tannins and with some green flavors, but not a bad Cabernet for the price. Dry and robust, it shows blackberry and currant flavors, with a touch of smoky oak.', "Best Buy wines come in all shapes and sizes. This one settles at the bottom of the category, which doesn't mean that it doesn't have its charms, namely sweet and ready fruit and just enough acidity to keep it from being cloying. Keep in mind the price and young vintage when drinking.", 'A soft fruitiness and smooth texture make this medium-bodied red easy to enjoy. Strawberry and cherry notes rest easily on a bed of light tannin that adds an appetizing mouthfeel. END
START HERE Best Buy wines come in all shapes and sizes. This one settles at the bottom of the category, which doesn't mean that it doesn't have its charms, namely sweet and ready fruit and just enough acidity to keep it from being cloying. Keep in mind the price and young vintage when drinking.", 'A soft fruitiness and smooth texture make this medium-bodied red easy to enjoy. Strawberry and cherry notes rest easily on a bed of light tannin that adds an appetizing mouthfeel.', "Smells like pink bubblegum, tastes like sugary cherry pie filling. Even at this price, it's not a bargain. END
START HERE A soft fruitiness and smooth texture make this medium-bodied red easy to enjoy. Strawberry and cherry notes rest easily on a bed of light tannin that adds an appetizing mouthfeel.', "Smells like pink bubblegum, tastes like sugary cherry pie filling. Even at this price, it's not a bargain.", 'This opens with a lightly fruity aroma that carries a hint of fresh bread, butter and vanilla. These lead to fresh, straightforward fruit flavors like canteloupe and apple, again with a bit of vanilla kicking in on the finish. The texture is smooth, rather lush and the wine is light to medium bodied. END
START HERE Smells like pink bubblegum, tastes like sugary cherry pie filling. Even at this price, it's not a bargain.", 'This opens with a lightly fruity aroma that carries a hint of fresh bread, butter and vanilla. These lead to fresh, straightforward fruit flavors like canteloupe and apple, again with a bit of vanilla kicking in on the finish. The texture is smooth, rather lush and the wine is light to medium bodied.', 'Woodbridge makes two styles of Chardonnay, and this is the richer one. Attractive layering of fruit, cream and hazelnut flavors on a nicely viscous texture makes this full-bodied wine something special. It has a good sense of concentration and depth, along with a lingering finish. END
START HERE This opens with a lightly fruity aroma that carries a hint of fresh bread, butter and vanilla. These lead to fresh, straightforward fruit flavors like canteloupe and apple, again with a bit of vanilla kicking in on the finish. The texture is smooth, rather lush and the wine is light to medium bodied.', 'Woodbridge makes two styles of Chardonnay, and this is the richer one. Attractive layering of fruit, cream and hazelnut flavors on a nicely viscous texture makes this full-bodied wine something special. It has a good sense of concentration and depth, along with a lingering finish.', "Slightly mulchy at first, with coffee grinds, leafy notes and mildly soupy red-fruit aromas. Airing helps it out, and it evolves into a sweet, herbal wine with baked berry fruit flavors and olive accents. Standard Chilean Cabernet that's a touch syrupy and herbal. END
START HERE Woodbridge makes two styles of Chardonnay, and this is the richer one. Attractive layering of fruit, cream and hazelnut flavors on a nicely viscous texture makes this full-bodied wine something special. It has a good sense of concentration and depth, along with a lingering finish.', "Slightly mulchy at first, with coffee grinds, leafy notes and mildly soupy red-fruit aromas. Airing helps it out, and it evolves into a sweet, herbal wine with baked berry fruit flavors and olive accents. Standard Chilean Cabernet that's a touch syrupy and herbal.", 'Jammy berry and pastry aromas are basic but flat. This feels easy and fruity, but not the least bit exact. Generic black fruit and berry flavors end with notes of plum and licorice. END
START HERE Slightly mulchy at first, with coffee grinds, leafy notes and mildly soupy red-fruit aromas. Airing helps it out, and it evolves into a sweet, herbal wine with baked berry fruit flavors and olive accents. Standard Chilean Cabernet that's a touch syrupy and herbal.", 'Jammy berry and pastry aromas are basic but flat. This feels easy and fruity, but not the least bit exact. Generic black fruit and berry flavors end with notes of plum and licorice.', 'Generic apple aromas are short on intensity and length. This tastes of melon but not much more. A light, dilute finish with bready flavor notes ensures that this is O.K. for easy quaffing. END
START HERE Jammy berry and pastry aromas are basic but flat. This feels easy and fruity, but not the least bit exact. Generic black fruit and berry flavors end with notes of plum and licorice.', 'Generic apple aromas are short on intensity and length. This tastes of melon but not much more. A light, dilute finish with bready flavor notes ensures that this is O.K. for easy quaffing.', "Here's a restrained, woodsy interpretation of Cabernet Sauvignon at an accessible price point. It's crisp, with good berry fruit in the mouth and a short finish of barely ripe raspberries. Drink up. END
START HERE Generic apple aromas are short on intensity and length. This tastes of melon but not much more. A light, dilute finish with bready flavor notes ensures that this is O.K. for easy quaffing.', "Here's a restrained, woodsy interpretation of Cabernet Sauvignon at an accessible price point. It's crisp, with good berry fruit in the mouth and a short finish of barely ripe raspberries. Drink up.", 'This nonvintage Riesling offers light apple flavors and a hint of spice. END
START HERE Here's a restrained, woodsy interpretation of Cabernet Sauvignon at an accessible price point. It's crisp, with good berry fruit in the mouth and a short finish of barely ripe raspberries. Drink up.", 'This nonvintage Riesling offers light apple flavors and a hint of spice.', 'Shiny pink in color, with a crisp and wet nose that powerfully suggests refreshment to come. Juicy and superfresh on the palate, with cherry and raspberry flavors and citrusy undertones. A real winner in Garnacha rosé from Navarra. END
START HERE This nonvintage Riesling offers light apple flavors and a hint of spice.', 'Shiny pink in color, with a crisp and wet nose that powerfully suggests refreshment to come. Juicy and superfresh on the palate, with cherry and raspberry flavors and citrusy undertones. A real winner in Garnacha rosé from Navarra.', "This seems as sweet as fruit juice, with flavors of orange, pineapple and banana. It's creamy and warm, in the way of the modern Chardonnay style. END
START HERE Shiny pink in color, with a crisp and wet nose that powerfully suggests refreshment to come. Juicy and superfresh on the palate, with cherry and raspberry flavors and citrusy undertones. A real winner in Garnacha rosé from Navarra.', "This seems as sweet as fruit juice, with flavors of orange, pineapple and banana. It's creamy and warm, in the way of the modern Chardonnay style.", "Almost impossible to distinguish this nice and easy Garnacha from the winery's Monte Oton label (also rated 89). Open berry and jam aromas keep it together, while the saturated, sweet blackberry palate is living proof of Campo de Borja's sun and terroir. Ripe, deep and easy to enjoy. END
START HERE This seems as sweet as fruit juice, with flavors of orange, pineapple and banana. It's creamy and warm, in the way of the modern Chardonnay style.", "Almost impossible to distinguish this nice and easy Garnacha from the winery's Monte Oton label (also rated 89). Open berry and jam aromas keep it together, while the saturated, sweet blackberry palate is living proof of Campo de Borja's sun and terroir. Ripe, deep and easy to enjoy.", 'Light aromas of ash, herb, berry, vanilla and cherry lead to sweet plush cranberry and cherry flavors that linger along with baking spice notes on the finish. It brings a lot of enjoyment for the price. END
START HERE Almost impossible to distinguish this nice and easy Garnacha from the winery's Monte Oton label (also rated 89). Open berry and jam aromas keep it together, while the saturated, sweet blackberry palate is living proof of Campo de Borja's sun and terroir. Ripe, deep and easy to enjoy.", 'Light aromas of ash, herb, berry, vanilla and cherry lead to sweet plush cranberry and cherry flavors that linger along with baking spice notes on the finish. It brings a lot of enjoyment for the price.', "The 2015 vintage is a strong one for Woodbridge. Ripe fruit tones, bright acidity and lightly mouth-puckering tannins underpin red cherry, clove and blackberry flavors, while the texture is mouthfilling. It's a treat to find an inexpensive wine with such good backbone. END
START HERE Light aromas of ash, herb, berry, vanilla and cherry lead to sweet plush cranberry and cherry flavors that linger along with baking spice notes on the finish. It brings a lot of enjoyment for the price.', "The 2015 vintage is a strong one for Woodbridge. Ripe fruit tones, bright acidity and lightly mouth-puckering tannins underpin red cherry, clove and blackberry flavors, while the texture is mouthfilling. It's a treat to find an inexpensive wine with such good backbone.", 'Crushed strawberry aromas, followed by flavors that are fresh, sweet and a palate that has the delicious prickle of a young wine. Screwcap. END
START HERE The 2015 vintage is a strong one for Woodbridge. Ripe fruit tones, bright acidity and lightly mouth-puckering tannins underpin red cherry, clove and blackberry flavors, while the texture is mouthfilling. It's a treat to find an inexpensive wine with such good backbone.", 'Crushed strawberry aromas, followed by flavors that are fresh, sweet and a palate that has the delicious prickle of a young wine. Screwcap.', "Lots of zingy acidity in this Chardonnay, along with ripe, jammy apricot, tangerine and lemon fruit flavors. It's an easy wine at an easy price. END
START HERE Crushed strawberry aromas, followed by flavors that are fresh, sweet and a palate that has the delicious prickle of a young wine. Screwcap.', "Lots of zingy acidity in this Chardonnay, along with ripe, jammy apricot, tangerine and lemon fruit flavors. It's an easy wine at an easy price.", 'A little forced and pickled on the nose, but overall this is pretty much your standard value-priced Chilean Cab, meaning it offers herbal notes and olive along with medium-level currant and plum flavors. Very basic and by no means a bad wine. END
START HERE Lots of zingy acidity in this Chardonnay, along with ripe, jammy apricot, tangerine and lemon fruit flavors. It's an easy wine at an easy price.", 'A little forced and pickled on the nose, but overall this is pretty much your standard value-priced Chilean Cab, meaning it offers herbal notes and olive along with medium-level currant and plum flavors. Very basic and by no means a bad wine.', "This is dry, with scouring tannins and some twiggy, stalky bitterness. It has just enough blackberry flavor to get by. For the price, it's fine for big parties. END
START HERE A little forced and pickled on the nose, but overall this is pretty much your standard value-priced Chilean Cab, meaning it offers herbal notes and olive along with medium-level currant and plum flavors. Very basic and by no means a bad wine.', "This is dry, with scouring tannins and some twiggy, stalky bitterness. It has just enough blackberry flavor to get by. For the price, it's fine for big parties.", "Light berry and sugar cookie aromas kick it off, followed by peach pit and nectarine flavors. For a wine that's basic in composition and a little dilute, it's also fresh and held together by good acidity. Straightforward but solid. END
START HERE This is dry, with scouring tannins and some twiggy, stalky bitterness. It has just enough blackberry flavor to get by. For the price, it's fine for big parties.", "Light berry and sugar cookie aromas kick it off, followed by peach pit and nectarine flavors. For a wine that's basic in composition and a little dilute, it's also fresh and held together by good acidity. Straightforward but solid.", 'A rich, opulent wine at an unbelievable price, this Chard has layers of ripe peaches, pears and tropical fruits, and a lush overlay of toasty oak. The wonderfully creamy texture leads to a long, spicy finish. Despite the statewide appellation, this is as good as many regional Chardonnays. END
START HERE Light berry and sugar cookie aromas kick it off, followed by peach pit and nectarine flavors. For a wine that's basic in composition and a little dilute, it's also fresh and held together by good acidity. Straightforward but solid.", 'A rich, opulent wine at an unbelievable price, this Chard has layers of ripe peaches, pears and tropical fruits, and a lush overlay of toasty oak. The wonderfully creamy texture leads to a long, spicy finish. Despite the statewide appellation, this is as good as many regional Chardonnays.', 'Black-cherry, plum and a mild creamy note characterize the nose. The palate is a nice combination of huckleberries and black cherries, all doused in chalk, white pepper and tree bark. Dry, woody tannins. Best Buy. END
START HERE A rich, opulent wine at an unbelievable price, this Chard has layers of ripe peaches, pears and tropical fruits, and a lush overlay of toasty oak. The wonderfully creamy texture leads to a long, spicy finish. Despite the statewide appellation, this is as good as many regional Chardonnays.', 'Black-cherry, plum and a mild creamy note characterize the nose. The palate is a nice combination of huckleberries and black cherries, all doused in chalk, white pepper and tree bark. Dry, woody tannins. Best Buy.', "At this price, and with a case production of 110,000, lots of Americans will consider themselves lucky to have a solid red wine like this. It's not terribly complicated, but offers easy flavors of cherries and oak. END
START HERE Black-cherry, plum and a mild creamy note characterize the nose. The palate is a nice combination of huckleberries and black cherries, all doused in chalk, white pepper and tree bark. Dry, woody tannins. Best Buy.', "At this price, and with a case production of 110,000, lots of Americans will consider themselves lucky to have a solid red wine like this. It's not terribly complicated, but offers easy flavors of cherries and oak.", 'This light and pleasing wine smells like apples and pistachios, and tastes mildly fruity and nicely crisp. END
START HERE At this price, and with a case production of 110,000, lots of Americans will consider themselves lucky to have a solid red wine like this. It's not terribly complicated, but offers easy flavors of cherries and oak.", 'This light and pleasing wine smells like apples and pistachios, and tastes mildly fruity and nicely crisp.', 'A bright pinkish-orange color makes this light-bodied wine stand out from the beginning, Fresh watermelon and cherry flavors carry on the rounded palate, with a slight sweetness giving softness. END
START HERE This light and pleasing wine smells like apples and pistachios, and tastes mildly fruity and nicely crisp.', 'A bright pinkish-orange color makes this light-bodied wine stand out from the beginning, Fresh watermelon and cherry flavors carry on the rounded palate, with a slight sweetness giving softness.', 'Here is a tasty, light-bodied Zin with its own style and a great price. It has a minty, eucalyptus aroma and vivid raspberry flavors, almost sweet in balance. Medium-bodied, it delivers a lingering fruity finish. END
START HERE A bright pinkish-orange color makes this light-bodied wine stand out from the beginning, Fresh watermelon and cherry flavors carry on the rounded palate, with a slight sweetness giving softness.', 'Here is a tasty, light-bodied Zin with its own style and a great price. It has a minty, eucalyptus aroma and vivid raspberry flavors, almost sweet in balance. Medium-bodied, it delivers a lingering fruity finish.', 'There is no compromise in the pinkness of the color of this wine. It is fruity with plenty of acidity and with a touch of caramel as well as some light tannins. Drink this blend of Syrah and Aragonez now. END
START HERE Here is a tasty, light-bodied Zin with its own style and a great price. It has a minty, eucalyptus aroma and vivid raspberry flavors, almost sweet in balance. Medium-bodied, it delivers a lingering fruity finish.', 'There is no compromise in the pinkness of the color of this wine. It is fruity with plenty of acidity and with a touch of caramel as well as some light tannins. Drink this blend of Syrah and Aragonez now.', 'Aromas of tire rubber, mint, clove and green-leaning plum and cherry are less than convincing. This lightweight Cabernet tastes of herbal plum and cherry along with cinnamon powder. END
START HERE There is no compromise in the pinkness of the color of this wine. It is fruity with plenty of acidity and with a touch of caramel as well as some light tannins. Drink this blend of Syrah and Aragonez now.', 'Aromas of tire rubber, mint, clove and green-leaning plum and cherry are less than convincing. This lightweight Cabernet tastes of herbal plum and cherry along with cinnamon powder.', "Murky, muddled aromas of ground peanuts, worn leather and stewed plum are a good measure of what's to come. This Malbec feels wide, with zero structure. Heavy, loamy flavors suggest cooked blackberry and prune, while the finish is thick and chunky, with a continuation of strange flavors. END
START HERE Aromas of tire rubber, mint, clove and green-leaning plum and cherry are less than convincing. This lightweight Cabernet tastes of herbal plum and cherry along with cinnamon powder.', "Murky, muddled aromas of ground peanuts, worn leather and stewed plum are a good measure of what's to come. This Malbec feels wide, with zero structure. Heavy, loamy flavors suggest cooked blackberry and prune, while the finish is thick and chunky, with a continuation of strange flavors.", 'Aromas of clamshell, tree bark and berry fruits are scattereshot. This has a noticeably sticky, syrupy feel along with candied, sweet flavors of black plum and baking spices. A chunky, sticky, sweet-tasting finish lacks cut and finesse. END
START HERE Murky, muddled aromas of ground peanuts, worn leather and stewed plum are a good measure of what's to come. This Malbec feels wide, with zero structure. Heavy, loamy flavors suggest cooked blackberry and prune, while the finish is thick and chunky, with a continuation of strange flavors.", 'Aromas of clamshell, tree bark and berry fruits are scattereshot. This has a noticeably sticky, syrupy feel along with candied, sweet flavors of black plum and baking spices. A chunky, sticky, sweet-tasting finish lacks cut and finesse.', 'Fiery red-fruit aromas precede a rough palate. It tastes like herbal red plums; the finish turns a bit sweet. END
START HERE Aromas of clamshell, tree bark and berry fruits are scattereshot. This has a noticeably sticky, syrupy feel along with candied, sweet flavors of black plum and baking spices. A chunky, sticky, sweet-tasting finish lacks cut and finesse.', 'Fiery red-fruit aromas precede a rough palate. It tastes like herbal red plums; the finish turns a bit sweet.', 'This wine is on the sweet side of crisp, with ripe strawberry and plenty of acidity. It is a wine to chill, with its bright aftertaste and slight prickle on the tongue. Drink now. END
START HERE Fiery red-fruit aromas precede a rough palate. It tastes like herbal red plums; the finish turns a bit sweet.', 'This wine is on the sweet side of crisp, with ripe strawberry and plenty of acidity. It is a wine to chill, with its bright aftertaste and slight prickle on the tongue. Drink now.', 'A mild Sauvignon Blanc, with white grapefruit, grass and mild asparagus aromas. Feels chunky and round, with soft acids creating sweet, green flavors of grapefruit and grass. Round on the finish, with a modest variety of flavor. END
START HERE This wine is on the sweet side of crisp, with ripe strawberry and plenty of acidity. It is a wine to chill, with its bright aftertaste and slight prickle on the tongue. Drink now.', 'A mild Sauvignon Blanc, with white grapefruit, grass and mild asparagus aromas. Feels chunky and round, with soft acids creating sweet, green flavors of grapefruit and grass. Round on the finish, with a modest variety of flavor.', 'Funky aromas of red plum are leafy and come with an odd scent of clove. This feels grabby, while salty flavors of clove and dried-out red fruits finish mildly woody. END
START HERE A mild Sauvignon Blanc, with white grapefruit, grass and mild asparagus aromas. Feels chunky and round, with soft acids creating sweet, green flavors of grapefruit and grass. Round on the finish, with a modest variety of flavor.', 'Funky aromas of red plum are leafy and come with an odd scent of clove. This feels grabby, while salty flavors of clove and dried-out red fruits finish mildly woody.', "A ripe and lush style of Chardonnay that's widely available, this has assertive characteristics of pineapple, mango and sweet citrus that are plentiful throughout the nose and mouth. Medium weight, with a straightforward style and a brisk, clean finish. END
START HERE Funky aromas of red plum are leafy and come with an odd scent of clove. This feels grabby, while salty flavors of clove and dried-out red fruits finish mildly woody.', "A ripe and lush style of Chardonnay that's widely available, this has assertive characteristics of pineapple, mango and sweet citrus that are plentiful throughout the nose and mouth. Medium weight, with a straightforward style and a brisk, clean finish.", "With full ripeness, density and concentration, this keeps its superb balance at just 10.8% alcohol and 5% residual sugar. The dynamic tension plays out beautifully, and doesn't veer into any sort of sugary slackness. This has the sort of weight and complexity you would expect in a $30 wine. END
START HERE A ripe and lush style of Chardonnay that's widely available, this has assertive characteristics of pineapple, mango and sweet citrus that are plentiful throughout the nose and mouth. Medium weight, with a straightforward style and a brisk, clean finish.", "With full ripeness, density and concentration, this keeps its superb balance at just 10.8% alcohol and 5% residual sugar. The dynamic tension plays out beautifully, and doesn't veer into any sort of sugary slackness. This has the sort of weight and complexity you would expect in a $30 wine.", "This wine has a lighter-than-usual color, fresh aromas like cucumbers and jicama, and clean, straightforward apple flavors backed by good, crisp acidity. It's simply good and refreshing. END
START HERE With full ripeness, density and concentration, this keeps its superb balance at just 10.8% alcohol and 5% residual sugar. The dynamic tension plays out beautifully, and doesn't veer into any sort of sugary slackness. This has the sort of weight and complexity you would expect in a $30 wine.", "This wine has a lighter-than-usual color, fresh aromas like cucumbers and jicama, and clean, straightforward apple flavors backed by good, crisp acidity. It's simply good and refreshing.", "A perennial value, this year's edition boasts plenty of smoky blackberry aromas tinged with slight game notes. Medium-bodied—verging on full—there's loads of fruit and flavor packed into an easily accessible format. Ready to enjoy now and should continue to drink well for a few more years. END
START HERE This wine has a lighter-than-usual color, fresh aromas like cucumbers and jicama, and clean, straightforward apple flavors backed by good, crisp acidity. It's simply good and refreshing.", "A perennial value, this year's edition boasts plenty of smoky blackberry aromas tinged with slight game notes. Medium-bodied—verging on full—there's loads of fruit and flavor packed into an easily accessible format. Ready to enjoy now and should continue to drink well for a few more years.", 'The wine is simple but satisfying, with blackberry and oak flavors. It would be an easy-drinking wine at parties. END
START HERE A perennial value, this year's edition boasts plenty of smoky blackberry aromas tinged with slight game notes. Medium-bodied—verging on full—there's loads of fruit and flavor packed into an easily accessible format. Ready to enjoy now and should continue to drink well for a few more years.", 'The wine is simple but satisfying, with blackberry and oak flavors. It would be an easy-drinking wine at parties.', 'Jammy aromas are accented by hints of mint, animal hide and cinnamon. This feels wide, grabby and low in acidity. Rubbery flavors of baked plum, chocolate and baking spices finish flat. END
START HERE The wine is simple but satisfying, with blackberry and oak flavors. It would be an easy-drinking wine at parties.', 'Jammy aromas are accented by hints of mint, animal hide and cinnamon. This feels wide, grabby and low in acidity. Rubbery flavors of baked plum, chocolate and baking spices finish flat.', 'This opens with a familiar taste of artificial, roasted char, then it moves on to soupy berry aromas. It feels scratchy, with flavors of hickory, baked plum and berry. END
START HERE Jammy aromas are accented by hints of mint, animal hide and cinnamon. This feels wide, grabby and low in acidity. Rubbery flavors of baked plum, chocolate and baking spices finish flat.', 'This opens with a familiar taste of artificial, roasted char, then it moves on to soupy berry aromas. It feels scratchy, with flavors of hickory, baked plum and berry.', "Bold and very clumsy. There are leathery elements to the nose and wild, grapy fruit that stumbles onto the palate. A wall of tannins hits you on the finish, and throughout it's untamed and overdone. Very fruity and forward, but devoid of tact. END
START HERE This opens with a familiar taste of artificial, roasted char, then it moves on to soupy berry aromas. It feels scratchy, with flavors of hickory, baked plum and berry.', "Bold and very clumsy. There are leathery elements to the nose and wild, grapy fruit that stumbles onto the palate. A wall of tannins hits you on the finish, and throughout it's untamed and overdone. Very fruity and forward, but devoid of tact.", 'This Transylvanian wines has aromas of vanilla, whipped cream, apple and pear. It is medium dry, with flavors of pear and lemon juice that lead to a touch of sweetness on the finish. END
START HERE Bold and very clumsy. There are leathery elements to the nose and wild, grapy fruit that stumbles onto the palate. A wall of tannins hits you on the finish, and throughout it's untamed and overdone. Very fruity and forward, but devoid of tact.", 'This Transylvanian wines has aromas of vanilla, whipped cream, apple and pear. It is medium dry, with flavors of pear and lemon juice that lead to a touch of sweetness on the finish.', "Dry and silky in texture, but there's not much else going on, except for modest cherry, tobacco and herb flavors. END
START HERE This Transylvanian wines has aromas of vanilla, whipped cream, apple and pear. It is medium dry, with flavors of pear and lemon juice that lead to a touch of sweetness on the finish.', "Dry and silky in texture, but there's not much else going on, except for modest cherry, tobacco and herb flavors.", "Piercing aromas, but not very fruity. It's a bit like wasabe at the sushi joint. The palate has some cassis, cherry and spice, while the finish is also spicy. At first it shows some power but things fade fast as opposed to improving. END
START HERE Dry and silky in texture, but there's not much else going on, except for modest cherry, tobacco and herb flavors.", "Piercing aromas, but not very fruity. It's a bit like wasabe at the sushi joint. The palate has some cassis, cherry and spice, while the finish is also spicy. At first it shows some power but things fade fast as opposed to improving.", 'This Sauvignon Blanc is neutral on the nose except for a smack of lime. Mild on the palate, this tastes of briny, salty citrus fruits and peels. A fresh finish confirms that this is straightforward but enjoyable. END
START HERE Piercing aromas, but not very fruity. It's a bit like wasabe at the sushi joint. The palate has some cassis, cherry and spice, while the finish is also spicy. At first it shows some power but things fade fast as opposed to improving.", 'This Sauvignon Blanc is neutral on the nose except for a smack of lime. Mild on the palate, this tastes of briny, salty citrus fruits and peels. A fresh finish confirms that this is straightforward but enjoyable.', 'Prickly and varietally correct on the nose, this opens with grassy aromas and a pop of citrus. A standard mouthfeel with adequate acidity projects salty citrus and green flavors, while grapefruit pith and lime notes work the finish. END
START HERE This Sauvignon Blanc is neutral on the nose except for a smack of lime. Mild on the palate, this tastes of briny, salty citrus fruits and peels. A fresh finish confirms that this is straightforward but enjoyable.', 'Prickly and varietally correct on the nose, this opens with grassy aromas and a pop of citrus. A standard mouthfeel with adequate acidity projects salty citrus and green flavors, while grapefruit pith and lime notes work the finish.', "This Merlot is thin in body and flavor, with sour cherry and white pepper notes. Despite that, it's clean and dry. END
START HERE Prickly and varietally correct on the nose, this opens with grassy aromas and a pop of citrus. A standard mouthfeel with adequate acidity projects salty citrus and green flavors, while grapefruit pith and lime notes work the finish.', "This Merlot is thin in body and flavor, with sour cherry and white pepper notes. Despite that, it's clean and dry.", "This is a pretty basic Zin, fresh and tart in blackberry jam flavor. In its favor, it displays robust full-bodiedness and plenty of Zinny spices. At this price, it's fine with burgers, tacos, ribs. END
START HERE This Merlot is thin in body and flavor, with sour cherry and white pepper notes. Despite that, it's clean and dry.", "This is a pretty basic Zin, fresh and tart in blackberry jam flavor. In its favor, it displays robust full-bodiedness and plenty of Zinny spices. At this price, it's fine with burgers, tacos, ribs.", "A pleasant, nondescript wine. There's 10% Sauvignon Blanc in the blend, which gives it a little spicy lift, but the mainstay Chardonnay core seems generically lemony and falls away in the finish. END
START HERE This is a pretty basic Zin, fresh and tart in blackberry jam flavor. In its favor, it displays robust full-bodiedness and plenty of Zinny spices. At this price, it's fine with burgers, tacos, ribs.", "A pleasant, nondescript wine. There's 10% Sauvignon Blanc in the blend, which gives it a little spicy lift, but the mainstay Chardonnay core seems generically lemony and falls away in the finish.", 'While this wine is dry, its warm strawberry fruit rounds out its character with a softness. Lemon sherbet acidity gives another touch of almost sweetness. Drink now. END
START HERE A pleasant, nondescript wine. There's 10% Sauvignon Blanc in the blend, which gives it a little spicy lift, but the mainstay Chardonnay core seems generically lemony and falls away in the finish.", 'While this wine is dry, its warm strawberry fruit rounds out its character with a softness. Lemon sherbet acidity gives another touch of almost sweetness. Drink now.', "Pretty strawberries and cherries are paired with softly minty nuances in this lightweight charmer. No, there's not a lot of intensity, but you could even serve it slightly chilled as a picnic wine. END
START HERE While this wine is dry, its warm strawberry fruit rounds out its character with a softness. Lemon sherbet acidity gives another touch of almost sweetness. Drink now.', "Pretty strawberries and cherries are paired with softly minty nuances in this lightweight charmer. No, there's not a lot of intensity, but you could even serve it slightly chilled as a picnic wine.", "Like a photocopy of a good Chardonnay, this wine is indistinct. There are some decent peach and apple flavors and what tastes like a dose of oak, but it's really thin and watery. END
START HERE Pretty strawberries and cherries are paired with softly minty nuances in this lightweight charmer. No, there's not a lot of intensity, but you could even serve it slightly chilled as a picnic wine.", "Like a photocopy of a good Chardonnay, this wine is indistinct. There are some decent peach and apple flavors and what tastes like a dose of oak, but it's really thin and watery.", "This budget Riesling sets a good standard for the style and the price. It's off-dry, low alcohol (11.5%) and solidly varietal. The fruit is full bodied and ripe, with vivid peach and apricot flavors. Additional notes of honey and lemony breakfast tea keep the finish up and running. END
START HERE Like a photocopy of a good Chardonnay, this wine is indistinct. There are some decent peach and apple flavors and what tastes like a dose of oak, but it's really thin and watery.", "This budget Riesling sets a good standard for the style and the price. It's off-dry, low alcohol (11.5%) and solidly varietal. The fruit is full bodied and ripe, with vivid peach and apricot flavors. Additional notes of honey and lemony breakfast tea keep the finish up and running.", "This has a bright yellow-gold color and subtle aromas of honey, pear and fig. The rather rich texture supports pear, fig and baking spice flavors. It's a pleasantly ripe, somewhat soft but not overtly flavored wine that's easy to drink and enjoy. END
START HERE This budget Riesling sets a good standard for the style and the price. It's off-dry, low alcohol (11.5%) and solidly varietal. The fruit is full bodied and ripe, with vivid peach and apricot flavors. Additional notes of honey and lemony breakfast tea keep the finish up and running.", "This has a bright yellow-gold color and subtle aromas of honey, pear and fig. The rather rich texture supports pear, fig and baking spice flavors. It's a pleasantly ripe, somewhat soft but not overtly flavored wine that's easy to drink and enjoy.", "The mixed plum fruit is unremarkable but fine. In terms of texture, there's not much, until some powdery-woody tannins pop up on the back end. END
START HERE This has a bright yellow-gold color and subtle aromas of honey, pear and fig. The rather rich texture supports pear, fig and baking spice flavors. It's a pleasantly ripe, somewhat soft but not overtly flavored wine that's easy to drink and enjoy.", "The mixed plum fruit is unremarkable but fine. In terms of texture, there's not much, until some powdery-woody tannins pop up on the back end.", 'Briny raspberry aromas are a bit murky. This smacks down hard with acidity, while the flavors run toward earthy, generic plum and berry. A salty finish with animal notes is firm but struggles with cleanliness. END
START HERE The mixed plum fruit is unremarkable but fine. In terms of texture, there's not much, until some powdery-woody tannins pop up on the back end.", 'Briny raspberry aromas are a bit murky. This smacks down hard with acidity, while the flavors run toward earthy, generic plum and berry. A salty finish with animal notes is firm but struggles with cleanliness.', "Weird name, simple wine, but not a bad one. It's awfully hard to get distinction in Pinot Noir at this price. The wine is dry, and there are some berry flavors wrapped in silky tannins. END
START HERE Briny raspberry aromas are a bit murky. This smacks down hard with acidity, while the flavors run toward earthy, generic plum and berry. A salty finish with animal notes is firm but struggles with cleanliness.', "Weird name, simple wine, but not a bad one. It's awfully hard to get distinction in Pinot Noir at this price. The wine is dry, and there are some berry flavors wrapped in silky tannins.", "One of Spain's top value-oriented rosés. It's inviting, colorful, easy to understand and tasty. Aromas of fresh fruits and melon get it going, while the palate is clean, fresh, only mildly candied and full of cherry and red plum flavors. Scores high by keeping it simple. Drink ASAP. END
START HERE Weird name, simple wine, but not a bad one. It's awfully hard to get distinction in Pinot Noir at this price. The wine is dry, and there are some berry flavors wrapped in silky tannins.", "One of Spain's top value-oriented rosés. It's inviting, colorful, easy to understand and tasty. Aromas of fresh fruits and melon get it going, while the palate is clean, fresh, only mildly candied and full of cherry and red plum flavors. Scores high by keeping it simple. Drink ASAP.", 'Soft blackberry, cinnamon and pepper aromas lead flavors of juicy berry and savory spice in this Merlot from Bulgaria. Good tannins and structure give the wine ageability, which will also temper its oaky character. Overall, an impressive effort from an emerging region. END
START HERE One of Spain's top value-oriented rosés. It's inviting, colorful, easy to understand and tasty. Aromas of fresh fruits and melon get it going, while the palate is clean, fresh, only mildly candied and full of cherry and red plum flavors. Scores high by keeping it simple. Drink ASAP.", 'Soft blackberry, cinnamon and pepper aromas lead flavors of juicy berry and savory spice in this Merlot from Bulgaria. Good tannins and structure give the wine ageability, which will also temper its oaky character. Overall, an impressive effort from an emerging region.', 'This is a soft, caramel-flavored rosé that has a wild-strawberry freshness, and a limpid texture. END
START HERE Soft blackberry, cinnamon and pepper aromas lead flavors of juicy berry and savory spice in this Merlot from Bulgaria. Good tannins and structure give the wine ageability, which will also temper its oaky character. Overall, an impressive effort from an emerging region.', 'This is a soft, caramel-flavored rosé that has a wild-strawberry freshness, and a limpid texture.', 'Full in the nose, with leather and muted red and black fruit. The palate is big and oaky, with flavors of black plum and milk chocolate, and the finish is of modest length, with size and some tannins. This wine has all the typical Merlot characteristics, but in short order. END
START HERE This is a soft, caramel-flavored rosé that has a wild-strawberry freshness, and a limpid texture.', 'Full in the nose, with leather and muted red and black fruit. The palate is big and oaky, with flavors of black plum and milk chocolate, and the finish is of modest length, with size and some tannins. This wine has all the typical Merlot characteristics, but in short order.', 'Tropical fruit, air freshener and bath soap aromas lead to a candied, sticky palate with a mix of sweet flavors that include papaya, powdered sugar and mango. The finish is confected and soft. END
START HERE Full in the nose, with leather and muted red and black fruit. The palate is big and oaky, with flavors of black plum and milk chocolate, and the finish is of modest length, with size and some tannins. This wine has all the typical Merlot characteristics, but in short order.', 'Tropical fruit, air freshener and bath soap aromas lead to a candied, sticky palate with a mix of sweet flavors that include papaya, powdered sugar and mango. The finish is confected and soft.', 'This is a touch mealy on the nose, with ripe stone-fruit and melon aromas. A juicy, direct palate follows, with citrus and green-fruit flavors that finish quick and clean. END
START HERE Tropical fruit, air freshener and bath soap aromas lead to a candied, sticky palate with a mix of sweet flavors that include papaya, powdered sugar and mango. The finish is confected and soft.', 'This is a touch mealy on the nose, with ripe stone-fruit and melon aromas. A juicy, direct palate follows, with citrus and green-fruit flavors that finish quick and clean.', "As its name states quite clearly, this is a plush, lush, smooth red wine. It's sweet and jammy like a shot of Jell-O. END
START HERE This is a touch mealy on the nose, with ripe stone-fruit and melon aromas. A juicy, direct palate follows, with citrus and green-fruit flavors that finish quick and clean.', "As its name states quite clearly, this is a plush, lush, smooth red wine. It's sweet and jammy like a shot of Jell-O.", 'Restrained on the nose at first, this opens to a mix of mint and red berry aromas. The mouthfeel is plump and fresh, with berry flavors that hang on the finish. END
START HERE As its name states quite clearly, this is a plush, lush, smooth red wine. It's sweet and jammy like a shot of Jell-O.", 'Restrained on the nose at first, this opens to a mix of mint and red berry aromas. The mouthfeel is plump and fresh, with berry flavors that hang on the finish.', 'The nonexpressive berry and cherry aromas are closed. Light in feel, this tastes of citrus, plum and rhubarb. The lightweight finish is mildly herbal and green. END
START HERE Restrained on the nose at first, this opens to a mix of mint and red berry aromas. The mouthfeel is plump and fresh, with berry flavors that hang on the finish.', 'The nonexpressive berry and cherry aromas are closed. Light in feel, this tastes of citrus, plum and rhubarb. The lightweight finish is mildly herbal and green.', "Light on the nose. The flavor profile leans toward cranberry, but there seems to be a faint pickled note, too. The feel is juicy and acidic, so it's fresh. END
START HERE The nonexpressive berry and cherry aromas are closed. Light in feel, this tastes of citrus, plum and rhubarb. The lightweight finish is mildly herbal and green.', "Light on the nose. The flavor profile leans toward cranberry, but there seems to be a faint pickled note, too. The feel is juicy and acidic, so it's fresh.", "What Americans need is a good $8 Zinfandel, and what do you know? That's just what this is. Dry as dust but sweet in fruit, with all kinds of savory spices, this is the perfect everyday wine for barbecue. Production was 8,000 cases, so it shouldn't be too hard to find. END
START HERE Light on the nose. The flavor profile leans toward cranberry, but there seems to be a faint pickled note, too. The feel is juicy and acidic, so it's fresh.", "What Americans need is a good $8 Zinfandel, and what do you know? That's just what this is. Dry as dust but sweet in fruit, with all kinds of savory spices, this is the perfect everyday wine for barbecue. Production was 8,000 cases, so it shouldn't be too hard to find.", 'This light to medium-bodied wine offers lively fruit flavors like red cherries and raspberries. It has a crisp mouthfeel and and even balance between flavor, acidity and moderate tannins. It goes down easily. END
START HERE What Americans need is a good $8 Zinfandel, and what do you know? That's just what this is. Dry as dust but sweet in fruit, with all kinds of savory spices, this is the perfect everyday wine for barbecue. Production was 8,000 cases, so it shouldn't be too hard to find.", 'This light to medium-bodied wine offers lively fruit flavors like red cherries and raspberries. It has a crisp mouthfeel and and even balance between flavor, acidity and moderate tannins. It goes down easily.', "A lean, edgy wine, which shows bramble fruits, red berries and tense tannins. There's fine structure and, given a few months, the acidity will turn this into a good food wine. END
START HERE This light to medium-bodied wine offers lively fruit flavors like red cherries and raspberries. It has a crisp mouthfeel and and even balance between flavor, acidity and moderate tannins. It goes down easily.', "A lean, edgy wine, which shows bramble fruits, red berries and tense tannins. There's fine structure and, given a few months, the acidity will turn this into a good food wine.", 'Latex, earth and briar patch aromas are rough on the nose. Cranberry, red plum, olive and herbal flavors finish a bit sour, with a snappy feel. END
START HERE A lean, edgy wine, which shows bramble fruits, red berries and tense tannins. There's fine structure and, given a few months, the acidity will turn this into a good food wine.", 'Latex, earth and briar patch aromas are rough on the nose. Cranberry, red plum, olive and herbal flavors finish a bit sour, with a snappy feel.', 'Aromas of cherry, plum and flint introduce this fun Merlot from South Africa. Elegant, soft and supple on the palate, this offers good fruit flavors and a pleasant finish. Not terribly complex but certainly enjoyable. Imported by Cape Wine Ventures, LLC. END
START HERE Latex, earth and briar patch aromas are rough on the nose. Cranberry, red plum, olive and herbal flavors finish a bit sour, with a snappy feel.', 'Aromas of cherry, plum and flint introduce this fun Merlot from South Africa. Elegant, soft and supple on the palate, this offers good fruit flavors and a pleasant finish. Not terribly complex but certainly enjoyable. Imported by Cape Wine Ventures, LLC.', 'A good effort given the price. Although the nose is a little bland, the wine is clean and shows hints of pear and sweet grapefruit. The palate is wet and not overly concentrated, so things flow easily as it delivers tepid lime and citrus flavors. A lightweight made for limited-thought quaffing, which is exactly what you should expect for eight bucks. END
START HERE Aromas of cherry, plum and flint introduce this fun Merlot from South Africa. Elegant, soft and supple on the palate, this offers good fruit flavors and a pleasant finish. Not terribly complex but certainly enjoyable. Imported by Cape Wine Ventures, LLC.', 'A good effort given the price. Although the nose is a little bland, the wine is clean and shows hints of pear and sweet grapefruit. The palate is wet and not overly concentrated, so things flow easily as it delivers tepid lime and citrus flavors. A lightweight made for limited-thought quaffing, which is exactly what you should expect for eight bucks.', 'This refreshing Chardonnay—with aromas of grapefruit and lemon and flavors of zesty grapefruit and lemon zest—is anchored by a weight that gives it balance. Overall, the wine finds a great middle ground and is food friendly. END
START HERE A good effort given the price. Although the nose is a little bland, the wine is clean and shows hints of pear and sweet grapefruit. The palate is wet and not overly concentrated, so things flow easily as it delivers tepid lime and citrus flavors. A lightweight made for limited-thought quaffing, which is exactly what you should expect for eight bucks.', 'This refreshing Chardonnay—with aromas of grapefruit and lemon and flavors of zesty grapefruit and lemon zest—is anchored by a weight that gives it balance. Overall, the wine finds a great middle ground and is food friendly.', "This pink wine smells of red-apple skins. The palate is low on acidity but not entirely dull. Dry briny lightly bitter flavors don't show a lot of fruit, while this is pulpy on the finish. END
START HERE This refreshing Chardonnay—with aromas of grapefruit and lemon and flavors of zesty grapefruit and lemon zest—is anchored by a weight that gives it balance. Overall, the wine finds a great middle ground and is food friendly.', "This pink wine smells of red-apple skins. The palate is low on acidity but not entirely dull. Dry briny lightly bitter flavors don't show a lot of fruit, while this is pulpy on the finish.", 'Cherry cola, violets and aromas of Dr. Pepper soda lead the way to flavors of tart cherry pie and cherry juice. The tannins are slightly astringent and the finish is pleasantly tart. END
START HERE This pink wine smells of red-apple skins. The palate is low on acidity but not entirely dull. Dry briny lightly bitter flavors don't show a lot of fruit, while this is pulpy on the finish.", 'Cherry cola, violets and aromas of Dr. Pepper soda lead the way to flavors of tart cherry pie and cherry juice. The tannins are slightly astringent and the finish is pleasantly tart.', "Tastes jammy sweet and bubble gummy, with the gassiness of a Beaujolais Nouveau. It's more full-bodied than that, of course, with black cherry flavors. END
START HERE Cherry cola, violets and aromas of Dr. Pepper soda lead the way to flavors of tart cherry pie and cherry juice. The tannins are slightly astringent and the finish is pleasantly tart.', "Tastes jammy sweet and bubble gummy, with the gassiness of a Beaujolais Nouveau. It's more full-bodied than that, of course, with black cherry flavors.", 'Sweet in fruit and oak, with simple, candied flavors of pineapple jam and vanilla custard. END
START HERE Tastes jammy sweet and bubble gummy, with the gassiness of a Beaujolais Nouveau. It's more full-bodied than that, of course, with black cherry flavors.", 'Sweet in fruit and oak, with simple, candied flavors of pineapple jam and vanilla custard.', 'Light, transparent and candied with underdeveloped, boring flavors and a mild chemical harshness. Barely worth a look. 40,000 cases produced. END
START HERE Sweet in fruit and oak, with simple, candied flavors of pineapple jam and vanilla custard.', 'Light, transparent and candied with underdeveloped, boring flavors and a mild chemical harshness. Barely worth a look. 40,000 cases produced.', 'Wiry cherry and berry aromas include a note of olive. This value Cab is lean and light in body, with leafy red-fruit flavors. An inoffensive finish with no new flavors struggles but holds it together. END
START HERE Light, transparent and candied with underdeveloped, boring flavors and a mild chemical harshness. Barely worth a look. 40,000 cases produced.', 'Wiry cherry and berry aromas include a note of olive. This value Cab is lean and light in body, with leafy red-fruit flavors. An inoffensive finish with no new flavors struggles but holds it together.', 'Dry and reedy smelling, with juicy berry-cherry aromas and flavors. The wine is snappy, zesty and juicy, with accents of cocoa and pepper. Clean, simple Cabernet with ample pop and freshness. END
START HERE Wiry cherry and berry aromas include a note of olive. This value Cab is lean and light in body, with leafy red-fruit flavors. An inoffensive finish with no new flavors struggles but holds it together.', 'Dry and reedy smelling, with juicy berry-cherry aromas and flavors. The wine is snappy, zesty and juicy, with accents of cocoa and pepper. Clean, simple Cabernet with ample pop and freshness.', "Nicely concentrated with a core of ripe red fruit and menthol, this is a fresh, forward Cab that's a bargain at $8. Bright and clean from start to finish, the finish lingers on smooth, velvety tannins and a fresh, herbaceous mint note. END
START HERE Dry and reedy smelling, with juicy berry-cherry aromas and flavors. The wine is snappy, zesty and juicy, with accents of cocoa and pepper. Clean, simple Cabernet with ample pop and freshness.', "Nicely concentrated with a core of ripe red fruit and menthol, this is a fresh, forward Cab that's a bargain at $8. Bright and clean from start to finish, the finish lingers on smooth, velvety tannins and a fresh, herbaceous mint note.", 'The best of a very solid group of 2010 reds from StoneCap, this Syrah draws some inspiration from the Australian wines. Spicy and ripe, with lush black fruits and a lick of citrus. Vanilla and tobacco notes highlight the finish. END
START HERE Nicely concentrated with a core of ripe red fruit and menthol, this is a fresh, forward Cab that's a bargain at $8. Bright and clean from start to finish, the finish lingers on smooth, velvety tannins and a fresh, herbaceous mint note.", 'The best of a very solid group of 2010 reds from StoneCap, this Syrah draws some inspiration from the Australian wines. Spicy and ripe, with lush black fruits and a lick of citrus. Vanilla and tobacco notes highlight the finish.', 'A no-frills mass-appeal wine with a pretty color, ripe aromatics and a hint of oak. The palate is solid and full-flavored, while the finish is smooth and easy. Ripe, clean and round. END
START HERE The best of a very solid group of 2010 reds from StoneCap, this Syrah draws some inspiration from the Australian wines. Spicy and ripe, with lush black fruits and a lick of citrus. Vanilla and tobacco notes highlight the finish.', 'A no-frills mass-appeal wine with a pretty color, ripe aromatics and a hint of oak. The palate is solid and full-flavored, while the finish is smooth and easy. Ripe, clean and round.', 'Aromas of strawberry sherbet are followed by sweet candy-shop flavors on the palate. Chill it thoroughly before drinking. Screwcap. END
START HERE A no-frills mass-appeal wine with a pretty color, ripe aromatics and a hint of oak. The palate is solid and full-flavored, while the finish is smooth and easy. Ripe, clean and round.', 'Aromas of strawberry sherbet are followed by sweet candy-shop flavors on the palate. Chill it thoroughly before drinking. Screwcap.', 'Lean and basic, with fairly ripe aromas and a decent helping of apple, peach and grapefruit. The fruit is a touch soft and lacking in structure though. END
START HERE Aromas of strawberry sherbet are followed by sweet candy-shop flavors on the palate. Chill it thoroughly before drinking. Screwcap.', 'Lean and basic, with fairly ripe aromas and a decent helping of apple, peach and grapefruit. The fruit is a touch soft and lacking in structure though.', 'The nose is all black fruit and some cinnamon spice. Next up is a palate of cassis, plum and cherry, while the finish is round and buttery. Taken as a whole the wine is fairly focused, with an easygoing character and nothing too out of whack. END
START HERE Lean and basic, with fairly ripe aromas and a decent helping of apple, peach and grapefruit. The fruit is a touch soft and lacking in structure though.', 'The nose is all black fruit and some cinnamon spice. Next up is a palate of cassis, plum and cherry, while the finish is round and buttery. Taken as a whole the wine is fairly focused, with an easygoing character and nothing too out of whack.', 'This soft and slightly sweet wine smells like cinnamon and vanilla and tastes like cherry juice. It is medium bodied and smooth in texture. END
START HERE The nose is all black fruit and some cinnamon spice. Next up is a palate of cassis, plum and cherry, while the finish is round and buttery. Taken as a whole the wine is fairly focused, with an easygoing character and nothing too out of whack.', 'This soft and slightly sweet wine smells like cinnamon and vanilla and tastes like cherry juice. It is medium bodied and smooth in texture.', 'Light berry, cheese and spice aromas are just clean enough; the palate is solid and well built for an $8 Cab, with chunky, candied, herbal flavors of plum and berry. Finishes dry and mostly clean. Delivers what you expect and probably a little more. END
START HERE This soft and slightly sweet wine smells like cinnamon and vanilla and tastes like cherry juice. It is medium bodied and smooth in texture.', 'Light berry, cheese and spice aromas are just clean enough; the palate is solid and well built for an $8 Cab, with chunky, candied, herbal flavors of plum and berry. Finishes dry and mostly clean. Delivers what you expect and probably a little more.', 'This wine is soft and light. It has a gentle fruity character, with soft acidity. Well chilled on a hot day, this will be refreshing. END
START HERE Light berry, cheese and spice aromas are just clean enough; the palate is solid and well built for an $8 Cab, with chunky, candied, herbal flavors of plum and berry. Finishes dry and mostly clean. Delivers what you expect and probably a little more.', 'This wine is soft and light. It has a gentle fruity character, with soft acidity. Well chilled on a hot day, this will be refreshing.', 'Sweet melon and apple aromas fall off to cheesy. The palate has some jump in it, but the flavors are generic and sweet, suggesting mealy citrus and banana. A rudimentary wine with a gimmicky name. END
START HERE This wine is soft and light. It has a gentle fruity character, with soft acidity. Well chilled on a hot day, this will be refreshing.', 'Sweet melon and apple aromas fall off to cheesy. The palate has some jump in it, but the flavors are generic and sweet, suggesting mealy citrus and banana. A rudimentary wine with a gimmicky name.', 'Stalky and light, this is a blend of Tannat, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. It has an herbaceous character that is balanced by berry fruits. It is the red berry fruitiness that dominates at the end. END
START HERE Sweet melon and apple aromas fall off to cheesy. The palate has some jump in it, but the flavors are generic and sweet, suggesting mealy citrus and banana. A rudimentary wine with a gimmicky name.', 'Stalky and light, this is a blend of Tannat, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. It has an herbaceous character that is balanced by berry fruits. It is the red berry fruitiness that dominates at the end.', 'Fullish and broad in the mouth without going overboard, this is textbook Chardonnay with mass appeal. Peach and vanilla flavors persist nicely on the finish, pointed up with finely judged acids. Drink now. END
START HERE Stalky and light, this is a blend of Tannat, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. It has an herbaceous character that is balanced by berry fruits. It is the red berry fruitiness that dominates at the end.', 'Fullish and broad in the mouth without going overboard, this is textbook Chardonnay with mass appeal. Peach and vanilla flavors persist nicely on the finish, pointed up with finely judged acids. Drink now.', 'A little on the sweet, jammy side, but shows plenty of Chard character, with a rich vein of creamy, smoky oak. Peaches, pears, pineapples and green apples are the flavors. END
START HERE Fullish and broad in the mouth without going overboard, this is textbook Chardonnay with mass appeal. Peach and vanilla flavors persist nicely on the finish, pointed up with finely judged acids. Drink now.', 'A little on the sweet, jammy side, but shows plenty of Chard character, with a rich vein of creamy, smoky oak. Peaches, pears, pineapples and green apples are the flavors.', "Candied flavors of blackberries and cherries mark this dry, full-bodied Cab. It's an everyday sipper for easy fare, like burgers or pizza. END
START HERE A little on the sweet, jammy side, but shows plenty of Chard character, with a rich vein of creamy, smoky oak. Peaches, pears, pineapples and green apples are the flavors.', "Candied flavors of blackberries and cherries mark this dry, full-bodied Cab. It's an everyday sipper for easy fare, like burgers or pizza.", "Juicy and sweet in cherry jam, licorice, chocolate and smoky vanilla flavors, this Merlot also has a smooth, supple texture. It's a fine example of a country-style wine. END
START HERE Candied flavors of blackberries and cherries mark this dry, full-bodied Cab. It's an everyday sipper for easy fare, like burgers or pizza.", "Juicy and sweet in cherry jam, licorice, chocolate and smoky vanilla flavors, this Merlot also has a smooth, supple texture. It's a fine example of a country-style wine.", "The nose is a bit prickly and jumpy, with a candied red-fruit aroma. On the palate, there's some grab and stickiness along with flavors of mint, woo-driven spice and berry fruit. It loses some character on the finish. END
START HERE Juicy and sweet in cherry jam, licorice, chocolate and smoky vanilla flavors, this Merlot also has a smooth, supple texture. It's a fine example of a country-style wine.", "The nose is a bit prickly and jumpy, with a candied red-fruit aroma. On the palate, there's some grab and stickiness along with flavors of mint, woo-driven spice and berry fruit. It loses some character on the finish.", "Bright gold in color, this wine's all about sweet tropical fruit, particularly pineapple and passion fruit. An undercurrent of smokiness on both the nose and the palate adds interest and complexity. END
START HERE The nose is a bit prickly and jumpy, with a candied red-fruit aroma. On the palate, there's some grab and stickiness along with flavors of mint, woo-driven spice and berry fruit. It loses some character on the finish.", "Bright gold in color, this wine's all about sweet tropical fruit, particularly pineapple and passion fruit. An undercurrent of smokiness on both the nose and the palate adds interest and complexity.", 'Difficult to find much to like here. Smells baked and Porty, and tastes overtly sweet in residual sugar, like cherry and raspberry jam. END
START HERE Bright gold in color, this wine's all about sweet tropical fruit, particularly pineapple and passion fruit. An undercurrent of smokiness on both the nose and the palate adds interest and complexity.", 'Difficult to find much to like here. Smells baked and Porty, and tastes overtly sweet in residual sugar, like cherry and raspberry jam.', 'Sugary sweet and simple, with fruit juice flavors of pineapples, mangoes, oranges and peaches. Gets the basic Chardonnay job done. END
START HERE Difficult to find much to like here. Smells baked and Porty, and tastes overtly sweet in residual sugar, like cherry and raspberry jam.', 'Sugary sweet and simple, with fruit juice flavors of pineapples, mangoes, oranges and peaches. Gets the basic Chardonnay job done.', "Could the scent of microwaved popcorn be any stronger? Obviously, it's heavily oaked, and that carries onto the palate where you'll find heavy, woody flavors in addition to banana and lemon. This needs a lot more charm and style; in all honesty, it's not delivering much. END
START HERE Sugary sweet and simple, with fruit juice flavors of pineapples, mangoes, oranges and peaches. Gets the basic Chardonnay job done.', "Could the scent of microwaved popcorn be any stronger? Obviously, it's heavily oaked, and that carries onto the palate where you'll find heavy, woody flavors in addition to banana and lemon. This needs a lot more charm and style; in all honesty, it's not delivering much.", "This one has bland aromatics, with only a touch of oak to grasp at. The palate is almost spritzy, which it shouldn't be, and the flavor resembles Mott's applesauce. A bit weak and only qualifies for an acceptable rating on its best day. END
START HERE Could the scent of microwaved popcorn be any stronger? Obviously, it's heavily oaked, and that carries onto the palate where you'll find heavy, woody flavors in addition to banana and lemon. This needs a lot more charm and style; in all honesty, it's not delivering much.", "This one has bland aromatics, with only a touch of oak to grasp at. The palate is almost spritzy, which it shouldn't be, and the flavor resembles Mott's applesauce. A bit weak and only qualifies for an acceptable rating on its best day.", "Here's a clean, everyday Merlot that offers pleasure for its fruity flavors and dry finish. The blackberries, cherries, currants, blueberries, tobacco, herbs and spices are wrapped into a smooth texture. END
START HERE This one has bland aromatics, with only a touch of oak to grasp at. The palate is almost spritzy, which it shouldn't be, and the flavor resembles Mott's applesauce. A bit weak and only qualifies for an acceptable rating on its best day.", "Here's a clean, everyday Merlot that offers pleasure for its fruity flavors and dry finish. The blackberries, cherries, currants, blueberries, tobacco, herbs and spices are wrapped into a smooth texture.", 'Thin and simple, dry and sharp, this has modest cherry, black pepper and mint flavors. Still, it has enough fruit to drink with a nice burger. END
START HERE Here's a clean, everyday Merlot that offers pleasure for its fruity flavors and dry finish. The blackberries, cherries, currants, blueberries, tobacco, herbs and spices are wrapped into a smooth texture.", 'Thin and simple, dry and sharp, this has modest cherry, black pepper and mint flavors. Still, it has enough fruit to drink with a nice burger.', "Tastes uneven, with sweet, jammy cherry and blackberry flavors side by side with minty, green ones. Rustic, but at this price, it's okay for a big party. END
START HERE Thin and simple, dry and sharp, this has modest cherry, black pepper and mint flavors. Still, it has enough fruit to drink with a nice burger.', "Tastes uneven, with sweet, jammy cherry and blackberry flavors side by side with minty, green ones. Rustic, but at this price, it's okay for a big party.", "For eight bucks you get a decent Merlot. It's dry and medium-bodied, with jammy blackberry and cherry flavors. Fine to drink with burgers, tacos, pizza. END
START HERE Tastes uneven, with sweet, jammy cherry and blackberry flavors side by side with minty, green ones. Rustic, but at this price, it's okay for a big party.", "For eight bucks you get a decent Merlot. It's dry and medium-bodied, with jammy blackberry and cherry flavors. Fine to drink with burgers, tacos, pizza.", 'This Merlot gets your basic dry, full-bodied red wine job done in an inexpensive way. It has raisiny flavors and lots of crunchy acidity. END
START HERE For eight bucks you get a decent Merlot. It's dry and medium-bodied, with jammy blackberry and cherry flavors. Fine to drink with burgers, tacos, pizza.", 'This Merlot gets your basic dry, full-bodied red wine job done in an inexpensive way. It has raisiny flavors and lots of crunchy acidity.', "Here's a light, sweet and aromatic pink wine with a definite Moscato flavor. A slight spritz and welcome acidity keep the texture lively, and the floral, candylike flavors last on the finish. Should go well with appetizers or dessert. END
START HERE This Merlot gets your basic dry, full-bodied red wine job done in an inexpensive way. It has raisiny flavors and lots of crunchy acidity.', "Here's a light, sweet and aromatic pink wine with a definite Moscato flavor. A slight spritz and welcome acidity keep the texture lively, and the floral, candylike flavors last on the finish. Should go well with appetizers or dessert.", "For some reason, the budget-priced Two Vines Chardonnay lags its pricier siblings by a vintage or two. It's beginning to flatten out as a result, the freshness fading, though the fruit is still there and it is a pleasant effort, with some buttered apple flavors dominant. END
START HERE Here's a light, sweet and aromatic pink wine with a definite Moscato flavor. A slight spritz and welcome acidity keep the texture lively, and the floral, candylike flavors last on the finish. Should go well with appetizers or dessert.", "For some reason, the budget-priced Two Vines Chardonnay lags its pricier siblings by a vintage or two. It's beginning to flatten out as a result, the freshness fading, though the fruit is still there and it is a pleasant effort, with some buttered apple flavors dominant.", 'Smooth and medium-bodied, with modest cherry scents and cassis and tobacco flavors. Soft and lacking energy on the finish, but clean. END
START HERE For some reason, the budget-priced Two Vines Chardonnay lags its pricier siblings by a vintage or two. It's beginning to flatten out as a result, the freshness fading, though the fruit is still there and it is a pleasant effort, with some buttered apple flavors dominant.", 'Smooth and medium-bodied, with modest cherry scents and cassis and tobacco flavors. Soft and lacking energy on the finish, but clean.', "The blend includes 6% Syrah, and the wine has a pretty plum and blueberry color, that (perhaps by the power of suggestion) carries through into the aromas. It's tight, tart, and clean, offering a mix of berry fruits and a finish lined with vanilla and tobacco. Overall the balance is excellent, the wine juicy and fresh, and the blend just about perfect. END
START HERE Smooth and medium-bodied, with modest cherry scents and cassis and tobacco flavors. Soft and lacking energy on the finish, but clean.', "The blend includes 6% Syrah, and the wine has a pretty plum and blueberry color, that (perhaps by the power of suggestion) carries through into the aromas. It's tight, tart, and clean, offering a mix of berry fruits and a finish lined with vanilla and tobacco. Overall the balance is excellent, the wine juicy and fresh, and the blend just about perfect.", 'Foxy berry and currant flavors carry a note of wet dog fur. This is clampy and saucy feeling on the palate, with herbal flavors of plum, berry and tomato sauce. A hollow finish tastes slightly green. END
START HERE The blend includes 6% Syrah, and the wine has a pretty plum and blueberry color, that (perhaps by the power of suggestion) carries through into the aromas. It's tight, tart, and clean, offering a mix of berry fruits and a finish lined with vanilla and tobacco. Overall the balance is excellent, the wine juicy and fresh, and the blend just about perfect.", 'Foxy berry and currant flavors carry a note of wet dog fur. This is clampy and saucy feeling on the palate, with herbal flavors of plum, berry and tomato sauce. A hollow finish tastes slightly green.', 'This is a dry rosé with crisp acidity and smooth strawberry fruits. It is light and soft with a gentle texture that is lightly perfumed and with some citrus zest. Drink now. END
START HERE Foxy berry and currant flavors carry a note of wet dog fur. This is clampy and saucy feeling on the palate, with herbal flavors of plum, berry and tomato sauce. A hollow finish tastes slightly green.', 'This is a dry rosé with crisp acidity and smooth strawberry fruits. It is light and soft with a gentle texture that is lightly perfumed and with some citrus zest. Drink now.', 'Cherry and crisp red currant aromas are racy and tutti-frutti in character. The palate delivers kick and acidity in addition to dry, pithy flavors of citrus fruits and nectarine. Dryness persists onto the finish, which is friendly but modest. END
START HERE This is a dry rosé with crisp acidity and smooth strawberry fruits. It is light and soft with a gentle texture that is lightly perfumed and with some citrus zest. Drink now.', 'Cherry and crisp red currant aromas are racy and tutti-frutti in character. The palate delivers kick and acidity in addition to dry, pithy flavors of citrus fruits and nectarine. Dryness persists onto the finish, which is friendly but modest.', "The variety's requisite citrus and green aromas are on display, but they aren't very defined or exciting. Neither is the wet, chunky palate, which may be moderately fresh but doesn't offer much besides basic pineapple, kiwi and green melon. 270,000 cases made. END
START HERE Cherry and crisp red currant aromas are racy and tutti-frutti in character. The palate delivers kick and acidity in addition to dry, pithy flavors of citrus fruits and nectarine. Dryness persists onto the finish, which is friendly but modest.', "The variety's requisite citrus and green aromas are on display, but they aren't very defined or exciting. Neither is the wet, chunky palate, which may be moderately fresh but doesn't offer much besides basic pineapple, kiwi and green melon. 270,000 cases made.", 'A rustic, simple wine, with ripe, sweet cherry and cola flavors. Feels rough and sharp in the mouth, but not bad for the price. END
START HERE The variety's requisite citrus and green aromas are on display, but they aren't very defined or exciting. Neither is the wet, chunky palate, which may be moderately fresh but doesn't offer much besides basic pineapple, kiwi and green melon. 270,000 cases made.", 'A rustic, simple wine, with ripe, sweet cherry and cola flavors. Feels rough and sharp in the mouth, but not bad for the price.', 'Wax bean and citrus notes meet dry, woody elements on the nose, but this wine does feature a plump, appealing texture and a soft, easy finish. Drink now. END
START HERE A rustic, simple wine, with ripe, sweet cherry and cola flavors. Feels rough and sharp in the mouth, but not bad for the price.', 'Wax bean and citrus notes meet dry, woody elements on the nose, but this wine does feature a plump, appealing texture and a soft, easy finish. Drink now.', "Rustic and thin, showing green mint and stemmy flavors. Even at this price, it's no bargain. END
START HERE Wax bean and citrus notes meet dry, woody elements on the nose, but this wine does feature a plump, appealing texture and a soft, easy finish. Drink now.', "Rustic and thin, showing green mint and stemmy flavors. Even at this price, it's no bargain.", 'Red cherry, vanilla, spicebox and a touch of flowers leads the nose on this poised Merlot/Limnio blend. On the palate, the wine is elegant and laced with clove, mushroom and bright berry flavors. A unique wine at an unbeatable price. END
START HERE Rustic and thin, showing green mint and stemmy flavors. Even at this price, it's no bargain.", 'Red cherry, vanilla, spicebox and a touch of flowers leads the nose on this poised Merlot/Limnio blend. On the palate, the wine is elegant and laced with clove, mushroom and bright berry flavors. A unique wine at an unbeatable price.', "Ste. Chapelle pioneered modern-era viticulture in Idaho, and for many years Riesling was the winery's main calling card. This new release, from the newly minted Snake River Valley AVA, showcases many of the region's strengths—delicate detail, honeysuckle and citrus blossom aromas mixed with citrus rind flavors, and a pleasing minerality. END
START HERE Red cherry, vanilla, spicebox and a touch of flowers leads the nose on this poised Merlot/Limnio blend. On the palate, the wine is elegant and laced with clove, mushroom and bright berry flavors. A unique wine at an unbeatable price.', "Ste. Chapelle pioneered modern-era viticulture in Idaho, and for many years Riesling was the winery's main calling card. This new release, from the newly minted Snake River Valley AVA, showcases many of the region's strengths—delicate detail, honeysuckle and citrus blossom aromas mixed with citrus rind flavors, and a pleasing minerality.", "Very particular yet still very Riesling. Oily, tight aromas signal intensity, which is delivered on the peach-like palate that turns creamy toward the finish as banana and papaya take over. There's a bitterness throughout, and at points it's interesting while at others it's too much. Also in abundance is the taste of pepper. A unique wine with attitude. END
START HERE Ste. Chapelle pioneered modern-era viticulture in Idaho, and for many years Riesling was the winery's main calling card. This new release, from the newly minted Snake River Valley AVA, showcases many of the region's strengths—delicate detail, honeysuckle and citrus blossom aromas mixed with citrus rind flavors, and a pleasing minerality.", "Very particular yet still very Riesling. Oily, tight aromas signal intensity, which is delivered on the peach-like palate that turns creamy toward the finish as banana and papaya take over. There's a bitterness throughout, and at points it's interesting while at others it's too much. Also in abundance is the taste of pepper. A unique wine with attitude.", "Warm and ripe, this is a full-bodied rosé that has the weight and some of the tannins of a red wine. With its vivid pink color and sweet strawberry fruits, it's fruity and ready to drink. END
START HERE Very particular yet still very Riesling. Oily, tight aromas signal intensity, which is delivered on the peach-like palate that turns creamy toward the finish as banana and papaya take over. There's a bitterness throughout, and at points it's interesting while at others it's too much. Also in abundance is the taste of pepper. A unique wine with attitude.", "Warm and ripe, this is a full-bodied rosé that has the weight and some of the tannins of a red wine. With its vivid pink color and sweet strawberry fruits, it's fruity and ready to drink.", 'Fresh apple flavors and a crisp vein of acidity make this medium-bodied wine lively and refreshing, while still delivering delicious Pippin apple and white peach flavors. It feels balanced, clean and easy to enjoy. END
START HERE Warm and ripe, this is a full-bodied rosé that has the weight and some of the tannins of a red wine. With its vivid pink color and sweet strawberry fruits, it's fruity and ready to drink.", 'Fresh apple flavors and a crisp vein of acidity make this medium-bodied wine lively and refreshing, while still delivering delicious Pippin apple and white peach flavors. It feels balanced, clean and easy to enjoy.', 'The nose has warm, jammy aromas that suggest horsehide and blackberry syrup. It feels chunky and full, with jammy, spicy, slightly herbal flavors of black fruits. On the finish, it turns more herbal and loses its structure. END
START HERE Fresh apple flavors and a crisp vein of acidity make this medium-bodied wine lively and refreshing, while still delivering delicious Pippin apple and white peach flavors. It feels balanced, clean and easy to enjoy.', 'The nose has warm, jammy aromas that suggest horsehide and blackberry syrup. It feels chunky and full, with jammy, spicy, slightly herbal flavors of black fruits. On the finish, it turns more herbal and loses its structure.', 'Honest plum and berry aromas get it going, followed by a fresh, comfortable palate with raspberry and plum flavors and nonpushy tannins. Feels entirely clean, with a pleasant red-fruit aftertaste. Everyday Malbec that gets it right. END
START HERE The nose has warm, jammy aromas that suggest horsehide and blackberry syrup. It feels chunky and full, with jammy, spicy, slightly herbal flavors of black fruits. On the finish, it turns more herbal and loses its structure.', 'Honest plum and berry aromas get it going, followed by a fresh, comfortable palate with raspberry and plum flavors and nonpushy tannins. Feels entirely clean, with a pleasant red-fruit aftertaste. Everyday Malbec that gets it right.', 'Cherry-berry aromas mix with a hint of vinegar and cleanser to create a sketchy, foreboding bouquet. The wine is a little blocky in the mouth, with both weedy-herbal and plum-berry flavors. Finishes with tolerable but noticeable bitterness and burn. END
START HERE Honest plum and berry aromas get it going, followed by a fresh, comfortable palate with raspberry and plum flavors and nonpushy tannins. Feels entirely clean, with a pleasant red-fruit aftertaste. Everyday Malbec that gets it right.', 'Cherry-berry aromas mix with a hint of vinegar and cleanser to create a sketchy, foreboding bouquet. The wine is a little blocky in the mouth, with both weedy-herbal and plum-berry flavors. Finishes with tolerable but noticeable bitterness and burn.', 'This wine offers attractive vanilla and red-cherry aromas plus bright cherry flavors. It has a tangy texture due to crisp acidity and moderate tannins. END
START HERE Cherry-berry aromas mix with a hint of vinegar and cleanser to create a sketchy, foreboding bouquet. The wine is a little blocky in the mouth, with both weedy-herbal and plum-berry flavors. Finishes with tolerable but noticeable bitterness and burn.', 'This wine offers attractive vanilla and red-cherry aromas plus bright cherry flavors. It has a tangy texture due to crisp acidity and moderate tannins.', 'Made by the team at Wrath, this is one of the better canned wines on the shelves right now. Light in the glass, it offers very refreshing, mineral-driven aromas of wet riverstone and rain on cement as well as slight touches of Pink Lady apples and green hay. Asian pear flesh mixes with slightly sour lime peel and sweet chives on the palate. END
START HERE This wine offers attractive vanilla and red-cherry aromas plus bright cherry flavors. It has a tangy texture due to crisp acidity and moderate tannins.', 'Made by the team at Wrath, this is one of the better canned wines on the shelves right now. Light in the glass, it offers very refreshing, mineral-driven aromas of wet riverstone and rain on cement as well as slight touches of Pink Lady apples and green hay. Asian pear flesh mixes with slightly sour lime peel and sweet chives on the palate.', "Colorful but aromatically defined by lean, green alfalfa, which doesn't portend much good. The palate is hard and underwhelming, with herbal, almost green berry fruit flavors. Similar on the finish. A 200,000-case product that comes across like a 200,000-case product. END
START HERE Made by the team at Wrath, this is one of the better canned wines on the shelves right now. Light in the glass, it offers very refreshing, mineral-driven aromas of wet riverstone and rain on cement as well as slight touches of Pink Lady apples and green hay. Asian pear flesh mixes with slightly sour lime peel and sweet chives on the palate.', "Colorful but aromatically defined by lean, green alfalfa, which doesn't portend much good. The palate is hard and underwhelming, with herbal, almost green berry fruit flavors. Similar on the finish. A 200,000-case product that comes across like a 200,000-case product.", "Soapy on the nose, this feels soft, melony and low in acid, while the flavors suggest banana and mango. It's flabby on the finish. END
START HERE Colorful but aromatically defined by lean, green alfalfa, which doesn't portend much good. The palate is hard and underwhelming, with herbal, almost green berry fruit flavors. Similar on the finish. A 200,000-case product that comes across like a 200,000-case product.", "Soapy on the nose, this feels soft, melony and low in acid, while the flavors suggest banana and mango. It's flabby on the finish.", 'Soft, honeyed and oaky, in the California style. But at this price, it offers the Chardonnay lover plenty of fruity richness and creaminess. Easy to find, with 25,000 cases produced. END
START HERE Soapy on the nose, this feels soft, melony and low in acid, while the flavors suggest banana and mango. It's flabby on the finish.", 'Soft, honeyed and oaky, in the California style. But at this price, it offers the Chardonnay lover plenty of fruity richness and creaminess. Easy to find, with 25,000 cases produced.', 'Really too sweet, simple and soft to earn a better score, this has syrupy flavors of citrus fruits and raspberries. END
START HERE Soft, honeyed and oaky, in the California style. But at this price, it offers the Chardonnay lover plenty of fruity richness and creaminess. Easy to find, with 25,000 cases produced.', 'Really too sweet, simple and soft to earn a better score, this has syrupy flavors of citrus fruits and raspberries.', 'Less adequate than in the past. The wine lacks aromatic zest and pungency before showing tart apple and ultimately vegetal flavors. Canned pea notes are prevalent. END
START HERE Really too sweet, simple and soft to earn a better score, this has syrupy flavors of citrus fruits and raspberries.', 'Less adequate than in the past. The wine lacks aromatic zest and pungency before showing tart apple and ultimately vegetal flavors. Canned pea notes are prevalent.', 'This off-dry wine falls on the sweet side, with pleasant honey/lemon tea flavors up front. The fruit is followed with some earthier notes, and a quickly fading finish. END
START HERE Less adequate than in the past. The wine lacks aromatic zest and pungency before showing tart apple and ultimately vegetal flavors. Canned pea notes are prevalent.', 'This off-dry wine falls on the sweet side, with pleasant honey/lemon tea flavors up front. The fruit is followed with some earthier notes, and a quickly fading finish.', 'This wine starts off well, with a pretty nose and fruit that shows nice ripeness. But once in the mouth all the fruit seems to disappear, and the wine falls flat. END
START HERE This off-dry wine falls on the sweet side, with pleasant honey/lemon tea flavors up front. The fruit is followed with some earthier notes, and a quickly fading finish.', 'This wine starts off well, with a pretty nose and fruit that shows nice ripeness. But once in the mouth all the fruit seems to disappear, and the wine falls flat.', 'This blend of Touriga Nacional with Merlot is perfumed and light. It has a salmon pink color, layers of citrus as well as red-currant fruit and a soft texture. Drink now. END
START HERE This wine starts off well, with a pretty nose and fruit that shows nice ripeness. But once in the mouth all the fruit seems to disappear, and the wine falls flat.', 'This blend of Touriga Nacional with Merlot is perfumed and light. It has a salmon pink color, layers of citrus as well as red-currant fruit and a soft texture. Drink now.', "Here's a supple, velvet-textured Merlot from the all-around successful 2012 vintage in California. It pulls together baking-spice aromas and attractive, ripe flavors of raspberry and cherry on the medium-bodied palate. It conveys a sense of breadth and meatiness without being heavy. END
START HERE This blend of Touriga Nacional with Merlot is perfumed and light. It has a salmon pink color, layers of citrus as well as red-currant fruit and a soft texture. Drink now.', "Here's a supple, velvet-textured Merlot from the all-around successful 2012 vintage in California. It pulls together baking-spice aromas and attractive, ripe flavors of raspberry and cherry on the medium-bodied palate. It conveys a sense of breadth and meatiness without being heavy.", "This wine is an eclectic blend of Pinot Noir, Gamay, Mourvèdre and Grenache. The Pinot Noir's red fruits and smooth texture dominate, giving a soft wine with acidity and light tannins. Drink now. END
START HERE Here's a supple, velvet-textured Merlot from the all-around successful 2012 vintage in California. It pulls together baking-spice aromas and attractive, ripe flavors of raspberry and cherry on the medium-bodied palate. It conveys a sense of breadth and meatiness without being heavy.", "This wine is an eclectic blend of Pinot Noir, Gamay, Mourvèdre and Grenache. The Pinot Noir's red fruits and smooth texture dominate, giving a soft wine with acidity and light tannins. Drink now.", "While sunny and ripe with scents of tropical fruit, orange and peach, this bang-for-your-buck Riesling reveals surprising complexities. It's sweet and lusciously fruity on the palate, but nuanced with rambling layers of dried herbs, earth and mineral tones. Finishes long with a lingering tea-leaf astringency. END
START HERE This wine is an eclectic blend of Pinot Noir, Gamay, Mourvèdre and Grenache. The Pinot Noir's red fruits and smooth texture dominate, giving a soft wine with acidity and light tannins. Drink now.", "While sunny and ripe with scents of tropical fruit, orange and peach, this bang-for-your-buck Riesling reveals surprising complexities. It's sweet and lusciously fruity on the palate, but nuanced with rambling layers of dried herbs, earth and mineral tones. Finishes long with a lingering tea-leaf astringency.", 'Simple at best early on, with leathery, rustic aromas and a truly basic set of flavors. Should you allow it to breathe, it rounds into a good (but still basic), semisoft and fruity red with solid cherry/berry flavors and nothing offputting. END
START HERE While sunny and ripe with scents of tropical fruit, orange and peach, this bang-for-your-buck Riesling reveals surprising complexities. It's sweet and lusciously fruity on the palate, but nuanced with rambling layers of dried herbs, earth and mineral tones. Finishes long with a lingering tea-leaf astringency.", 'Simple at best early on, with leathery, rustic aromas and a truly basic set of flavors. Should you allow it to breathe, it rounds into a good (but still basic), semisoft and fruity red with solid cherry/berry flavors and nothing offputting.', 'Basic berry and plum aromas are a bit foxy and herbal. This feels choppy and scratchy due to raw tannins. Generic black-fruit flavors are short and salty, while this ends with a clipped feel and medicinal berry flavors. END
START HERE Simple at best early on, with leathery, rustic aromas and a truly basic set of flavors. Should you allow it to breathe, it rounds into a good (but still basic), semisoft and fruity red with solid cherry/berry flavors and nothing offputting.', 'Basic berry and plum aromas are a bit foxy and herbal. This feels choppy and scratchy due to raw tannins. Generic black-fruit flavors are short and salty, while this ends with a clipped feel and medicinal berry flavors.', "Powdery berry aromas lead to a basic palate that's chewy but hollow in the middle. Cherry and plum flavors are generic, while this wine displays a solid feel on the finish. END
START HERE Basic berry and plum aromas are a bit foxy and herbal. This feels choppy and scratchy due to raw tannins. Generic black-fruit flavors are short and salty, while this ends with a clipped feel and medicinal berry flavors.', "Powdery berry aromas lead to a basic palate that's chewy but hollow in the middle. Cherry and plum flavors are generic, while this wine displays a solid feel on the finish.", "Is this a dessert wine or a table wine? It straddles the line. Let's call it off dry, with slightly sugared tangerine, apricot, vanilla bean and spice flavors that finish clean and zesty. END
START HERE Powdery berry aromas lead to a basic palate that's chewy but hollow in the middle. Cherry and plum flavors are generic, while this wine displays a solid feel on the finish.", "Is this a dessert wine or a table wine? It straddles the line. Let's call it off dry, with slightly sugared tangerine, apricot, vanilla bean and spice flavors that finish clean and zesty.", 'Richly fruity and soft, this wine boasts loads of black-cherry and plum flavors. Clearly made from very ripe fruit, it lacks the herbaceous-vegetal character so often found in Merlot, but also any sense of structure. Finishes with a bit of alcoholic heat. END
START HERE Is this a dessert wine or a table wine? It straddles the line. Let's call it off dry, with slightly sugared tangerine, apricot, vanilla bean and spice flavors that finish clean and zesty.", 'Richly fruity and soft, this wine boasts loads of black-cherry and plum flavors. Clearly made from very ripe fruit, it lacks the herbaceous-vegetal character so often found in Merlot, but also any sense of structure. Finishes with a bit of alcoholic heat.', 'Rubbery blackberry aromas are dense and horsey. This feel wide and chunky but loose at the seams. Oaky flavors of generic black fruits finish medicinal and a touch candied. END
START HERE Richly fruity and soft, this wine boasts loads of black-cherry and plum flavors. Clearly made from very ripe fruit, it lacks the herbaceous-vegetal character so often found in Merlot, but also any sense of structure. Finishes with a bit of alcoholic heat.', 'Rubbery blackberry aromas are dense and horsey. This feel wide and chunky but loose at the seams. Oaky flavors of generic black fruits finish medicinal and a touch candied.', 'Light, fruity and clean smelling, with a touch of candy to the nose. The palate, especially for an $8 Garnacha rosé, is zesty and spunky, with cherry, plum and citrus flavors. Crisp and crackling through the finish. END
START HERE Rubbery blackberry aromas are dense and horsey. This feel wide and chunky but loose at the seams. Oaky flavors of generic black fruits finish medicinal and a touch candied.', 'Light, fruity and clean smelling, with a touch of candy to the nose. The palate, especially for an $8 Garnacha rosé, is zesty and spunky, with cherry, plum and citrus flavors. Crisp and crackling through the finish.', 'Light and fresh, with hints of peach, citrus, melon, spice and slate. The wine serves up a refreshing mix for spring and summertime sipping. Fruity on the finish. -J.M. END
START HERE Light, fruity and clean smelling, with a touch of candy to the nose. The palate, especially for an $8 Garnacha rosé, is zesty and spunky, with cherry, plum and citrus flavors. Crisp and crackling through the finish.', 'Light and fresh, with hints of peach, citrus, melon, spice and slate. The wine serves up a refreshing mix for spring and summertime sipping. Fruity on the finish. -J.M.', 'Hay and green apple aromas are about all that you can extract from the nose. It feels top heavy and awkward, with mealy citrus and maderized apple flavors. The finish is full, fruity and baked. Drink now. END
START HERE Light and fresh, with hints of peach, citrus, melon, spice and slate. The wine serves up a refreshing mix for spring and summertime sipping. Fruity on the finish. -J.M.', 'Hay and green apple aromas are about all that you can extract from the nose. It feels top heavy and awkward, with mealy citrus and maderized apple flavors. The finish is full, fruity and baked. Drink now.', 'Bright, fresh, fruity and light bodied, with pretty peach, apple and spice flavors that leave a crisp, clean and pleasant finish. Fairly sweet, but refreshing. END
START HERE Hay and green apple aromas are about all that you can extract from the nose. It feels top heavy and awkward, with mealy citrus and maderized apple flavors. The finish is full, fruity and baked. Drink now.', 'Bright, fresh, fruity and light bodied, with pretty peach, apple and spice flavors that leave a crisp, clean and pleasant finish. Fairly sweet, but refreshing.', 'Opening with a bouquet of red berries complemented by an earthy element, this Merlot offers more fruit on the palate, together with a spicy note. A medium-weight wine with decent acidity, it finishes dry, with more berry and earth notes. END
START HERE Bright, fresh, fruity and light bodied, with pretty peach, apple and spice flavors that leave a crisp, clean and pleasant finish. Fairly sweet, but refreshing.', 'Opening with a bouquet of red berries complemented by an earthy element, this Merlot offers more fruit on the palate, together with a spicy note. A medium-weight wine with decent acidity, it finishes dry, with more berry and earth notes.', "Soupy aromas lead to a sharp palate, with citrusy, sour red-berry flavors. It's tangy and edgy on the finish. END
START HERE Opening with a bouquet of red berries complemented by an earthy element, this Merlot offers more fruit on the palate, together with a spicy note. A medium-weight wine with decent acidity, it finishes dry, with more berry and earth notes.', "Soupy aromas lead to a sharp palate, with citrusy, sour red-berry flavors. It's tangy and edgy on the finish.", "At this price, you can expect an honest, workmanlike everyday wine, and you get that here—along with other qualities that will surprise you. Not least is the fruit, nicely ripened and finely etched, and the spices that dance on the tongue. It's dry, of course, with fine acidity. What stands out is the depth of flavor. END
START HERE Soupy aromas lead to a sharp palate, with citrusy, sour red-berry flavors. It's tangy and edgy on the finish.", "At this price, you can expect an honest, workmanlike everyday wine, and you get that here—along with other qualities that will surprise you. Not least is the fruit, nicely ripened and finely etched, and the spices that dance on the tongue. It's dry, of course, with fine acidity. What stands out is the depth of flavor.", "Shows jammy flavors of blackberries and cherries, lightly touched with sweet, smoky oak. It's a bit rough in tannins, with some green notes, but at this price, a pretty good value. END
START HERE At this price, you can expect an honest, workmanlike everyday wine, and you get that here—along with other qualities that will surprise you. Not least is the fruit, nicely ripened and finely etched, and the spices that dance on the tongue. It's dry, of course, with fine acidity. What stands out is the depth of flavor.", "Shows jammy flavors of blackberries and cherries, lightly touched with sweet, smoky oak. It's a bit rough in tannins, with some green notes, but at this price, a pretty good value.", 'Smells like young, gangly wine. Bubble gum and Kool-Aid aromas get only more grapy, while the palate is jumpy and aggressive. Lots of wild berry flavor, earth, herbal overtones and heat. Devoid of any sophistication. END
START HERE Shows jammy flavors of blackberries and cherries, lightly touched with sweet, smoky oak. It's a bit rough in tannins, with some green notes, but at this price, a pretty good value.", 'Smells like young, gangly wine. Bubble gum and Kool-Aid aromas get only more grapy, while the palate is jumpy and aggressive. Lots of wild berry flavor, earth, herbal overtones and heat. Devoid of any sophistication.', 'Dry and thin in fruit, with flavors of cherries, mint and herbs, and a kiss of wood. Pretty good for this everyday price. END
START HERE Smells like young, gangly wine. Bubble gum and Kool-Aid aromas get only more grapy, while the palate is jumpy and aggressive. Lots of wild berry flavor, earth, herbal overtones and heat. Devoid of any sophistication.', 'Dry and thin in fruit, with flavors of cherries, mint and herbs, and a kiss of wood. Pretty good for this everyday price.', 'At $8, this is a great find, and has the exotic Bulgarian label to boot. The nose is all lemon zest and spice, and on the palate there is a lively, minerally punch with soft citrus flavors layered over it. A lovely summer sipping wine, best paired with seafood and salads. END
START HERE Dry and thin in fruit, with flavors of cherries, mint and herbs, and a kiss of wood. Pretty good for this everyday price.', 'At $8, this is a great find, and has the exotic Bulgarian label to boot. The nose is all lemon zest and spice, and on the palate there is a lively, minerally punch with soft citrus flavors layered over it. A lovely summer sipping wine, best paired with seafood and salads.', 'A lot of shale in the soils adds interest to this elegant, light, fairly soft wine. Off-dry and balanced, it represents good value. Flavors of apples, pears and blossoms lead; a soft finish with a hint of caramel wraps it up. END
START HERE At $8, this is a great find, and has the exotic Bulgarian label to boot. The nose is all lemon zest and spice, and on the palate there is a lively, minerally punch with soft citrus flavors layered over it. A lovely summer sipping wine, best paired with seafood and salads.', 'A lot of shale in the soils adds interest to this elegant, light, fairly soft wine. Off-dry and balanced, it represents good value. Flavors of apples, pears and blossoms lead; a soft finish with a hint of caramel wraps it up.', 'Clean and fresh, with light citrus and apple flavors. A pleasant, somewhat beery flavor. END
START HERE A lot of shale in the soils adds interest to this elegant, light, fairly soft wine. Off-dry and balanced, it represents good value. Flavors of apples, pears and blossoms lead; a soft finish with a hint of caramel wraps it up.', 'Clean and fresh, with light citrus and apple flavors. A pleasant, somewhat beery flavor.', 'Fleshy, opulent and exotic, this offers tropical notes reminiscent of apricot and mango that finish rich and warm, with odd spice notes. END
START HERE Clean and fresh, with light citrus and apple flavors. A pleasant, somewhat beery flavor.', 'Fleshy, opulent and exotic, this offers tropical notes reminiscent of apricot and mango that finish rich and warm, with odd spice notes.', 'Full-bodied and plush in texture, this offers plenty of apricot marmalade fruit and some nasturtium-blossom-like spice, making for a satisfying mouthful of flavor. END
START HERE Fleshy, opulent and exotic, this offers tropical notes reminiscent of apricot and mango that finish rich and warm, with odd spice notes.', 'Full-bodied and plush in texture, this offers plenty of apricot marmalade fruit and some nasturtium-blossom-like spice, making for a satisfying mouthful of flavor.', 'This brightly colored rosé from northeastern Italy offers aromas of small berry fruit and delicate floral tones. It tastes clean and crisp and leaves a cheerful endnote of fresh berry flavors. END
START HERE Full-bodied and plush in texture, this offers plenty of apricot marmalade fruit and some nasturtium-blossom-like spice, making for a satisfying mouthful of flavor.', 'This brightly colored rosé from northeastern Italy offers aromas of small berry fruit and delicate floral tones. It tastes clean and crisp and leaves a cheerful endnote of fresh berry flavors.', 'Gentle in texture and generous in flavor, this wine is medium bodied, rather soft in mouthfeel and has ripe strawberry and red-cherry notes that are direct and delicious, leaving a fruity, almost sweet finish. END
START HERE This brightly colored rosé from northeastern Italy offers aromas of small berry fruit and delicate floral tones. It tastes clean and crisp and leaves a cheerful endnote of fresh berry flavors.', 'Gentle in texture and generous in flavor, this wine is medium bodied, rather soft in mouthfeel and has ripe strawberry and red-cherry notes that are direct and delicious, leaving a fruity, almost sweet finish.', "This wine could be the poster boy for Australian Chardonnay. The nectarine and peach aromas and flavors are coddled by a touch of vanilla and the entire package is soft, juicy and easy to drink. It's nothing fancy, just yummy weekday wine. END
START HERE Gentle in texture and generous in flavor, this wine is medium bodied, rather soft in mouthfeel and has ripe strawberry and red-cherry notes that are direct and delicious, leaving a fruity, almost sweet finish.', "This wine could be the poster boy for Australian Chardonnay. The nectarine and peach aromas and flavors are coddled by a touch of vanilla and the entire package is soft, juicy and easy to drink. It's nothing fancy, just yummy weekday wine.", 'Rusty in color, this wine features aromas of compost, juniper and a touch of floral red fruit. It comes on strong in the mouth, with a leafy, rustic dried-cherry flavor, before feeling hard and tannic. END
START HERE This wine could be the poster boy for Australian Chardonnay. The nectarine and peach aromas and flavors are coddled by a touch of vanilla and the entire package is soft, juicy and easy to drink. It's nothing fancy, just yummy weekday wine.", 'Rusty in color, this wine features aromas of compost, juniper and a touch of floral red fruit. It comes on strong in the mouth, with a leafy, rustic dried-cherry flavor, before feeling hard and tannic.', "If you don't mind a bit of herbal character, this is a nice, easy drinking Syrah with raspberry and cherry aromas and timidity as opposed to a forceful attack. Zesty berry fruit rules the palate, which finishes in round, roasted form. Nice but sort of generic. END
START HERE Rusty in color, this wine features aromas of compost, juniper and a touch of floral red fruit. It comes on strong in the mouth, with a leafy, rustic dried-cherry flavor, before feeling hard and tannic.', "If you don't mind a bit of herbal character, this is a nice, easy drinking Syrah with raspberry and cherry aromas and timidity as opposed to a forceful attack. Zesty berry fruit rules the palate, which finishes in round, roasted form. Nice but sort of generic.", "A clean, basic red wine that's focused on standard berry and cherry aromas and flavors. Fresh but simple, with limited raspberry and cherry flavors along with a touch of vanilla. Competent but entirely regular. END
START HERE If you don't mind a bit of herbal character, this is a nice, easy drinking Syrah with raspberry and cherry aromas and timidity as opposed to a forceful attack. Zesty berry fruit rules the palate, which finishes in round, roasted form. Nice but sort of generic.", "A clean, basic red wine that's focused on standard berry and cherry aromas and flavors. Fresh but simple, with limited raspberry and cherry flavors along with a touch of vanilla. Competent but entirely regular.", 'Melon, pear and apple aromas are standard and sweet. The palate is soft, maybe a bit mushy, with banana, pear and tropical fruit flavors. Finishes easy and flat, with lasting tropical sweetness. END
START HERE A clean, basic red wine that's focused on standard berry and cherry aromas and flavors. Fresh but simple, with limited raspberry and cherry flavors along with a touch of vanilla. Competent but entirely regular.", 'Melon, pear and apple aromas are standard and sweet. The palate is soft, maybe a bit mushy, with banana, pear and tropical fruit flavors. Finishes easy and flat, with lasting tropical sweetness.', "Strange yeasty unfocused aromas are unclean. This is flat and spineless, with yeasty papaya flavors. A diluted, leesy finish confirms that it's not ready for prime time. END
START HERE Melon, pear and apple aromas are standard and sweet. The palate is soft, maybe a bit mushy, with banana, pear and tropical fruit flavors. Finishes easy and flat, with lasting tropical sweetness.', "Strange yeasty unfocused aromas are unclean. This is flat and spineless, with yeasty papaya flavors. A diluted, leesy finish confirms that it's not ready for prime time.", 'The wine is ripe, full with red currant and raspberry fruits and some attractive acidity. A blend of Touriga Nacional and Merlot, it is soft, fruity and needs drinking fast before it fades. END
START HERE Strange yeasty unfocused aromas are unclean. This is flat and spineless, with yeasty papaya flavors. A diluted, leesy finish confirms that it's not ready for prime time.", 'The wine is ripe, full with red currant and raspberry fruits and some attractive acidity. A blend of Touriga Nacional and Merlot, it is soft, fruity and needs drinking fast before it fades.', "Given this Chandon-owned winery's success with Malbec, you might hope for more here. But this fading Chardonnay doesn't have much going for it. It's flat, with pleasant clove-like aromas and cider-like flavors. It also finishes flat, indicating a short lifespan ahead of it. END
START HERE The wine is ripe, full with red currant and raspberry fruits and some attractive acidity. A blend of Touriga Nacional and Merlot, it is soft, fruity and needs drinking fast before it fades.', "Given this Chandon-owned winery's success with Malbec, you might hope for more here. But this fading Chardonnay doesn't have much going for it. It's flat, with pleasant clove-like aromas and cider-like flavors. It also finishes flat, indicating a short lifespan ahead of it.", 'The Australian giant has reached across the Tasman to New Zealand for 7% of this wine, but it remains a simple, medium-bodied white dominated by citrus and wax bean aromas and flavors. Drink up. END
START HERE Given this Chandon-owned winery's success with Malbec, you might hope for more here. But this fading Chardonnay doesn't have much going for it. It's flat, with pleasant clove-like aromas and cider-like flavors. It also finishes flat, indicating a short lifespan ahead of it.", 'The Australian giant has reached across the Tasman to New Zealand for 7% of this wine, but it remains a simple, medium-bodied white dominated by citrus and wax bean aromas and flavors. Drink up.', 'An easygoing, refreshing Sauvignon Blanc with minimal fanfare and a solid, herbal and grassy character. Overall, good fruit flavors and a clean finish. Pair with seafood or spicy curries for an extra kick. END
START HERE The Australian giant has reached across the Tasman to New Zealand for 7% of this wine, but it remains a simple, medium-bodied white dominated by citrus and wax bean aromas and flavors. Drink up.', 'An easygoing, refreshing Sauvignon Blanc with minimal fanfare and a solid, herbal and grassy character. Overall, good fruit flavors and a clean finish. Pair with seafood or spicy curries for an extra kick.', 'What deep, supple flavors on this soft, delicious wine. The grapes obviously had no trouble ripening, and offer waves of blackberries, plums and black currants, not to mention spices like fennel and pepper. Very dry and fancy, this wine could sit on the best tables and not hang its head. Best Buy. END
START HERE An easygoing, refreshing Sauvignon Blanc with minimal fanfare and a solid, herbal and grassy character. Overall, good fruit flavors and a clean finish. Pair with seafood or spicy curries for an extra kick.', 'What deep, supple flavors on this soft, delicious wine. The grapes obviously had no trouble ripening, and offer waves of blackberries, plums and black currants, not to mention spices like fennel and pepper. Very dry and fancy, this wine could sit on the best tables and not hang its head. Best Buy.', "Here's a very fruity wine just brimming with sun-ripened cherry, raspberry and blackberry flavors, with a kiss of smoky oak. It's nice, dry and balanced, and a good value for the money. END
START HERE What deep, supple flavors on this soft, delicious wine. The grapes obviously had no trouble ripening, and offer waves of blackberries, plums and black currants, not to mention spices like fennel and pepper. Very dry and fancy, this wine could sit on the best tables and not hang its head. Best Buy.', "Here's a very fruity wine just brimming with sun-ripened cherry, raspberry and blackberry flavors, with a kiss of smoky oak. It's nice, dry and balanced, and a good value for the money.", "Smells like pineapple blended with lemon candy. Zesty in the mouth, with crisp lemon, lime, bell pepper and a touch of mineral stoniness. Long on the finish, and for a wine of this price it's delivering the max. Likable and not complicated. END
START HERE Here's a very fruity wine just brimming with sun-ripened cherry, raspberry and blackberry flavors, with a kiss of smoky oak. It's nice, dry and balanced, and a good value for the money.", "Smells like pineapple blended with lemon candy. Zesty in the mouth, with crisp lemon, lime, bell pepper and a touch of mineral stoniness. Long on the finish, and for a wine of this price it's delivering the max. Likable and not complicated.", "A boldy flavored, tropical-fruit-laden wine that brings back memories of the late '80s Chards that helped put Australia on America's wine map, for style and price. Amply textured, with mouthwatering peach and mango notes. Drink now. END
START HERE Smells like pineapple blended with lemon candy. Zesty in the mouth, with crisp lemon, lime, bell pepper and a touch of mineral stoniness. Long on the finish, and for a wine of this price it's delivering the max. Likable and not complicated.", "A boldy flavored, tropical-fruit-laden wine that brings back memories of the late '80s Chards that helped put Australia on America's wine map, for style and price. Amply textured, with mouthwatering peach and mango notes. Drink now.", 'Sugary sweet and simple in the modern style, with vanilla, caramel, buttered popcorn, orange jam and toast flavors. END
START HERE A boldy flavored, tropical-fruit-laden wine that brings back memories of the late '80s Chards that helped put Australia on America's wine map, for style and price. Amply textured, with mouthwatering peach and mango notes. Drink now.", 'Sugary sweet and simple in the modern style, with vanilla, caramel, buttered popcorn, orange jam and toast flavors.', 'This first wine of the vintage, a blend of Pinot Noir, Grenache, and Valdigue, is largely the result of carbonic maceration, a winemaking technique that creates the freshest, sharpest, zingiest aromas and flavors imaginable. ItÕs vibrant and juicy, like Beaujolais. The gorgeous ripeness of the fruit bodes well for the 2001 vintage. Great value. END
START HERE Sugary sweet and simple in the modern style, with vanilla, caramel, buttered popcorn, orange jam and toast flavors.', 'This first wine of the vintage, a blend of Pinot Noir, Grenache, and Valdigue, is largely the result of carbonic maceration, a winemaking technique that creates the freshest, sharpest, zingiest aromas and flavors imaginable. ItÕs vibrant and juicy, like Beaujolais. The gorgeous ripeness of the fruit bodes well for the 2001 vintage. Great value.', 'Rough, grassy aromas and flavors along with a choppy mouthfeel render this one rung above unacceptable. Overall, this is about as raw, punchy, green and herbaceous as a Malbec can get. END
START HERE This first wine of the vintage, a blend of Pinot Noir, Grenache, and Valdigue, is largely the result of carbonic maceration, a winemaking technique that creates the freshest, sharpest, zingiest aromas and flavors imaginable. ItÕs vibrant and juicy, like Beaujolais. The gorgeous ripeness of the fruit bodes well for the 2001 vintage. Great value.', 'Rough, grassy aromas and flavors along with a choppy mouthfeel render this one rung above unacceptable. Overall, this is about as raw, punchy, green and herbaceous as a Malbec can get.', 'This light-bodied wine has aromas of celery and citrus that lead to crisp flavors of fresh herbs and lemon. Good acidity is smoothed out by a hint of sweetness lending a soft effect to the midpalate and finish. END
START HERE Rough, grassy aromas and flavors along with a choppy mouthfeel render this one rung above unacceptable. Overall, this is about as raw, punchy, green and herbaceous as a Malbec can get.', 'This light-bodied wine has aromas of celery and citrus that lead to crisp flavors of fresh herbs and lemon. Good acidity is smoothed out by a hint of sweetness lending a soft effect to the midpalate and finish.', "Pretty harsh and unrewarding, even for this price. It's soft and simple, with Lifesaver raspberry flavors. END
START HERE This light-bodied wine has aromas of celery and citrus that lead to crisp flavors of fresh herbs and lemon. Good acidity is smoothed out by a hint of sweetness lending a soft effect to the midpalate and finish.', "Pretty harsh and unrewarding, even for this price. It's soft and simple, with Lifesaver raspberry flavors.", 'Out of the gate, reductive aromas provide some distraction from the lime-leaf and stone-fruit aromas. It drinks quite sweet with abundant apricot flavors. END
START HERE Pretty harsh and unrewarding, even for this price. It's soft and simple, with Lifesaver raspberry flavors.", 'Out of the gate, reductive aromas provide some distraction from the lime-leaf and stone-fruit aromas. It drinks quite sweet with abundant apricot flavors.', 'Rubbery on the nose, then sharp in the mouth, with herbal, sour plum flavors and weird funk as well. Bitter, tart and hard on the finish. END
START HERE Out of the gate, reductive aromas provide some distraction from the lime-leaf and stone-fruit aromas. It drinks quite sweet with abundant apricot flavors.', 'Rubbery on the nose, then sharp in the mouth, with herbal, sour plum flavors and weird funk as well. Bitter, tart and hard on the finish.', 'Big and purple, with sweet aromas. But the palate is very uneven, with acute acidity that scours and turns the plum and grape flavors sour. Grabby mouthfeel as well, with clamp. END
START HERE Rubbery on the nose, then sharp in the mouth, with herbal, sour plum flavors and weird funk as well. Bitter, tart and hard on the finish.', 'Big and purple, with sweet aromas. But the palate is very uneven, with acute acidity that scours and turns the plum and grape flavors sour. Grabby mouthfeel as well, with clamp.', 'The plum, herb and spice aromas are elusive. The cherry flavors are light but come straight down the fairway. One wants more concentration, but it delivers easy-drinking pleasure. END
START HERE Big and purple, with sweet aromas. But the palate is very uneven, with acute acidity that scours and turns the plum and grape flavors sour. Grabby mouthfeel as well, with clamp.', 'The plum, herb and spice aromas are elusive. The cherry flavors are light but come straight down the fairway. One wants more concentration, but it delivers easy-drinking pleasure.', 'The aromas seem to lack clarity, with white flower and orange rind notes struggling to get to the surface. It drinks medium sweet with abundant floral and orange-peel flavors that provide appeal. END
START HERE The plum, herb and spice aromas are elusive. The cherry flavors are light but come straight down the fairway. One wants more concentration, but it delivers easy-drinking pleasure.', 'The aromas seem to lack clarity, with white flower and orange rind notes struggling to get to the surface. It drinks medium sweet with abundant floral and orange-peel flavors that provide appeal.', 'While the wine is dry, there is a fruitiness to it coupled with a caramel flavor that certainly makes it seem sweeter. With a crisp aftertaste, the raspberry flavored wine is ready to drink. END
START HERE The aromas seem to lack clarity, with white flower and orange rind notes struggling to get to the surface. It drinks medium sweet with abundant floral and orange-peel flavors that provide appeal.', 'While the wine is dry, there is a fruitiness to it coupled with a caramel flavor that certainly makes it seem sweeter. With a crisp aftertaste, the raspberry flavored wine is ready to drink.', "This is a good Cab for drinking with everyday fare, like burgers or tacos. It's softly tannic and sweet with blackberries, cherries and toasty oak. END
START HERE While the wine is dry, there is a fruitiness to it coupled with a caramel flavor that certainly makes it seem sweeter. With a crisp aftertaste, the raspberry flavored wine is ready to drink.', "This is a good Cab for drinking with everyday fare, like burgers or tacos. It's softly tannic and sweet with blackberries, cherries and toasty oak.", 'Tastes as sweet as Lifesaver lemon and pineapple candy, with low acidity. END
START HERE This is a good Cab for drinking with everyday fare, like burgers or tacos. It's softly tannic and sweet with blackberries, cherries and toasty oak.", 'Tastes as sweet as Lifesaver lemon and pineapple candy, with low acidity.', 'A fresh, slightly green nose is followed by angular red berry and spice flavors in this Merlot. The wine has good structure but is a touch acidic and tart—pair it with richer, rounded dishes to soften it out. END
START HERE Tastes as sweet as Lifesaver lemon and pineapple candy, with low acidity.', 'A fresh, slightly green nose is followed by angular red berry and spice flavors in this Merlot. The wine has good structure but is a touch acidic and tart—pair it with richer, rounded dishes to soften it out.', 'Red in color and pretty clean on the nose, where raspberry and rose petal essence come together. The palate is acidic and tight, with tangy watermelon and peach flavors carrying the cleansing finish. Juicy to the extreme, but a good partner for food. END
START HERE A fresh, slightly green nose is followed by angular red berry and spice flavors in this Merlot. The wine has good structure but is a touch acidic and tart—pair it with richer, rounded dishes to soften it out.', 'Red in color and pretty clean on the nose, where raspberry and rose petal essence come together. The palate is acidic and tight, with tangy watermelon and peach flavors carrying the cleansing finish. Juicy to the extreme, but a good partner for food.', 'Cherry, plum and earth aromas lead into a tart, lean palate that struggles to offer more than a modicum of cherry and cassis flavors. The finish is sweet and spicy, which makes for an odd, not terribly appealing combination. END
START HERE Red in color and pretty clean on the nose, where raspberry and rose petal essence come together. The palate is acidic and tight, with tangy watermelon and peach flavors carrying the cleansing finish. Juicy to the extreme, but a good partner for food.', 'Cherry, plum and earth aromas lead into a tart, lean palate that struggles to offer more than a modicum of cherry and cassis flavors. The finish is sweet and spicy, which makes for an odd, not terribly appealing combination.', "Sweet aromas of leather and caramel seem murky and tired. The palate comes without snap, and that's despite some plum and raspberry flavors. The finish is lean and basic, and overall it's a simple wine that doesn't really taste much like Syrah. END
START HERE Cherry, plum and earth aromas lead into a tart, lean palate that struggles to offer more than a modicum of cherry and cassis flavors. The finish is sweet and spicy, which makes for an odd, not terribly appealing combination.', "Sweet aromas of leather and caramel seem murky and tired. The palate comes without snap, and that's despite some plum and raspberry flavors. The finish is lean and basic, and overall it's a simple wine that doesn't really taste much like Syrah.", 'Sweet, light and floral, but not fruity. Lemon and orange flavors yield to a zesty finish. Simple and very high in acidity. END
START HERE Sweet aromas of leather and caramel seem murky and tired. The palate comes without snap, and that's despite some plum and raspberry flavors. The finish is lean and basic, and overall it's a simple wine that doesn't really taste much like Syrah.", 'Sweet, light and floral, but not fruity. Lemon and orange flavors yield to a zesty finish. Simple and very high in acidity.', 'Tangy cherry flavors are framed in smoky, oaky flavors. Licorice-like at the  end. END
START HERE Sweet, light and floral, but not fruity. Lemon and orange flavors yield to a zesty finish. Simple and very high in acidity.', 'Tangy cherry flavors are framed in smoky, oaky flavors. Licorice-like at the  end.', "Unoaked Pinot Noir from Corsica, showing ripe berry flavors, fresh acidity and only light tannins. It's what it says on the label: for casual drinking. END
START HERE Tangy cherry flavors are framed in smoky, oaky flavors. Licorice-like at the  end.', "Unoaked Pinot Noir from Corsica, showing ripe berry flavors, fresh acidity and only light tannins. It's what it says on the label: for casual drinking.", "This is a simple Merlot, but it's dry in style with tart sour-cherry flavors. END
START HERE Unoaked Pinot Noir from Corsica, showing ripe berry flavors, fresh acidity and only light tannins. It's what it says on the label: for casual drinking.", "This is a simple Merlot, but it's dry in style with tart sour-cherry flavors.", 'Raw and harsh in green tannins, with bubblegum and raspberry sour candy flavors. END
START HERE This is a simple Merlot, but it's dry in style with tart sour-cherry flavors.", 'Raw and harsh in green tannins, with bubblegum and raspberry sour candy flavors.', 'This deliciously full-bodied and rich Chardonnay is unabashedly New World in style. From its caramel and tropical fruit aromas through its flavors of Golden Delicious apples, mango, vanilla and baking spices, it screams “Australia.” Best Buy. END
START HERE Raw and harsh in green tannins, with bubblegum and raspberry sour candy flavors.', 'This deliciously full-bodied and rich Chardonnay is unabashedly New World in style. From its caramel and tropical fruit aromas through its flavors of Golden Delicious apples, mango, vanilla and baking spices, it screams “Australia.” Best Buy.', 'Emanating from the heel of the Italian boot, close to the beautiful city of Lecce, this is one of Puglia’s classic wines. The grapes are Negroamaro and Malvasia Nera. Pleasant cherry-berry aromas and flavors predominate. The structure is ample, as is the mouthfeel. The tannins need some softening. The finish is long. Grilled lamb would make a fine accompaniment. END
START HERE This deliciously full-bodied and rich Chardonnay is unabashedly New World in style. From its caramel and tropical fruit aromas through its flavors of Golden Delicious apples, mango, vanilla and baking spices, it screams “Australia.” Best Buy.', 'Emanating from the heel of the Italian boot, close to the beautiful city of Lecce, this is one of Puglia’s classic wines. The grapes are Negroamaro and Malvasia Nera. Pleasant cherry-berry aromas and flavors predominate. The structure is ample, as is the mouthfeel. The tannins need some softening. The finish is long. Grilled lamb would make a fine accompaniment.', "The bouquet is closed, with only a touch of prune, plum and cranberry aromas emerging. On the palate is raspberry fruit, a hint of veggies and some tight tannins. The finish is lean, and here those tannins assert themselves again in a way that's more than the fruit calls for. Still, it's pretty solid Cab. Best Buy. END
START HERE Emanating from the heel of the Italian boot, close to the beautiful city of Lecce, this is one of Puglia’s classic wines. The grapes are Negroamaro and Malvasia Nera. Pleasant cherry-berry aromas and flavors predominate. The structure is ample, as is the mouthfeel. The tannins need some softening. The finish is long. Grilled lamb would make a fine accompaniment.', "The bouquet is closed, with only a touch of prune, plum and cranberry aromas emerging. On the palate is raspberry fruit, a hint of veggies and some tight tannins. The finish is lean, and here those tannins assert themselves again in a way that's more than the fruit calls for. Still, it's pretty solid Cab. Best Buy.", "Opens with lofty, airy aromas of flowers and pears, and then in the mouth comes a full rush of grapefruit and orange pith. Finishes nicely, tasting of tangerine with hints of licorice and tarragon. In terms of mouthfeel, it's a plump, medium-acid wine, so drink it now. Best Buy. END
START HERE The bouquet is closed, with only a touch of prune, plum and cranberry aromas emerging. On the palate is raspberry fruit, a hint of veggies and some tight tannins. The finish is lean, and here those tannins assert themselves again in a way that's more than the fruit calls for. Still, it's pretty solid Cab. Best Buy.", "Opens with lofty, airy aromas of flowers and pears, and then in the mouth comes a full rush of grapefruit and orange pith. Finishes nicely, tasting of tangerine with hints of licorice and tarragon. In terms of mouthfeel, it's a plump, medium-acid wine, so drink it now. Best Buy.", 'Ripe pear-pineapple fruit is layered with vanilla and tinged with citrus. This is a plump, slightly heavy Chard best served cold at parties and picnics. END
START HERE Opens with lofty, airy aromas of flowers and pears, and then in the mouth comes a full rush of grapefruit and orange pith. Finishes nicely, tasting of tangerine with hints of licorice and tarragon. In terms of mouthfeel, it's a plump, medium-acid wine, so drink it now. Best Buy.", 'Ripe pear-pineapple fruit is layered with vanilla and tinged with citrus. This is a plump, slightly heavy Chard best served cold at parties and picnics.', 'With 5% Viognier giving it an extra boost, this richly aromatic wine suggests apricot and dried mango. It drinks quite sweet with abundant stone-fruit flavors. Enjoy as an apéritif or digestif. END
START HERE Ripe pear-pineapple fruit is layered with vanilla and tinged with citrus. This is a plump, slightly heavy Chard best served cold at parties and picnics.', 'With 5% Viognier giving it an extra boost, this richly aromatic wine suggests apricot and dried mango. It drinks quite sweet with abundant stone-fruit flavors. Enjoy as an apéritif or digestif.', "Jasmine, herb, flower, dried Nestea Ice Tea and peach aromas are followed by medium-sweet fruit flavors that linger. It's a pleasant easy drinker, if a bit faint. END
START HERE With 5% Viognier giving it an extra boost, this richly aromatic wine suggests apricot and dried mango. It drinks quite sweet with abundant stone-fruit flavors. Enjoy as an apéritif or digestif.', "Jasmine, herb, flower, dried Nestea Ice Tea and peach aromas are followed by medium-sweet fruit flavors that linger. It's a pleasant easy drinker, if a bit faint.", "Medium-bodied and a little viscous in the mouth, this value Chard is no fruit bomb, as are many others at this price. It's rather interesting—look for white stone fruit and floral notes on the palate, and peach and passion fruit notes on the nose. Finishes with a peppery-herbaceous bite. END
START HERE Jasmine, herb, flower, dried Nestea Ice Tea and peach aromas are followed by medium-sweet fruit flavors that linger. It's a pleasant easy drinker, if a bit faint.", "Medium-bodied and a little viscous in the mouth, this value Chard is no fruit bomb, as are many others at this price. It's rather interesting—look for white stone fruit and floral notes on the palate, and peach and passion fruit notes on the nose. Finishes with a peppery-herbaceous bite.", "White Merlot? Why not? It's actually a deep rose color, with fresh, exuberant aromas of raspberries and wildflowers. Drinks fruity and clean, with nice strawberry and raspberry flavors and just a tad of sugar. The finish is pretty. END
START HERE Medium-bodied and a little viscous in the mouth, this value Chard is no fruit bomb, as are many others at this price. It's rather interesting—look for white stone fruit and floral notes on the palate, and peach and passion fruit notes on the nose. Finishes with a peppery-herbaceous bite.", "White Merlot? Why not? It's actually a deep rose color, with fresh, exuberant aromas of raspberries and wildflowers. Drinks fruity and clean, with nice strawberry and raspberry flavors and just a tad of sugar. The finish is pretty.", "Good price for an everyday Pinot Noir. It's not particularly complex, but shows a nice, silky texture, with good acidity and firm dryness. The flavors are of cherries and oak. END
START HERE White Merlot? Why not? It's actually a deep rose color, with fresh, exuberant aromas of raspberries and wildflowers. Drinks fruity and clean, with nice strawberry and raspberry flavors and just a tad of sugar. The finish is pretty.", "Good price for an everyday Pinot Noir. It's not particularly complex, but shows a nice, silky texture, with good acidity and firm dryness. The flavors are of cherries and oak.", "Sometimes you just need a cheap, quaffable, crisp dry white wine to drink in copious amounts, and this one will do just fine, thank you. It's citrusy, spicy, and dry, and has enough acid to cleanse the palate. END
START HERE Good price for an everyday Pinot Noir. It's not particularly complex, but shows a nice, silky texture, with good acidity and firm dryness. The flavors are of cherries and oak.", "Sometimes you just need a cheap, quaffable, crisp dry white wine to drink in copious amounts, and this one will do just fine, thank you. It's citrusy, spicy, and dry, and has enough acid to cleanse the palate.", 'Very fruity, lightly sweet and full bodied, this easygoing blend of Zinfandel, Merlot and other varieties smells like maple syrup, tastes jammy and has enough sweetness to balance its tannic texture. END
START HERE Sometimes you just need a cheap, quaffable, crisp dry white wine to drink in copious amounts, and this one will do just fine, thank you. It's citrusy, spicy, and dry, and has enough acid to cleanse the palate.", 'Very fruity, lightly sweet and full bodied, this easygoing blend of Zinfandel, Merlot and other varieties smells like maple syrup, tastes jammy and has enough sweetness to balance its tannic texture.', 'Inviting aromas of butter, almond and citrus open into a rich, thickly textured wine studded with peach, almond butter and citrus pith. The slightly bitter notes echo through the finish, providing a welcome sense of balance to round mouthfeel and fatty flavors. END
START HERE Very fruity, lightly sweet and full bodied, this easygoing blend of Zinfandel, Merlot and other varieties smells like maple syrup, tastes jammy and has enough sweetness to balance its tannic texture.', 'Inviting aromas of butter, almond and citrus open into a rich, thickly textured wine studded with peach, almond butter and citrus pith. The slightly bitter notes echo through the finish, providing a welcome sense of balance to round mouthfeel and fatty flavors.', 'Soapy, pungent aromas of lychee nut are atypical for your average Chardonnay. This feel shallow and flat, with lychee and melon flavors that turn bitter and oily on the finish. This is more like Torrontés or Gewürztraminer than standard Chardonnay. END
START HERE Inviting aromas of butter, almond and citrus open into a rich, thickly textured wine studded with peach, almond butter and citrus pith. The slightly bitter notes echo through the finish, providing a welcome sense of balance to round mouthfeel and fatty flavors.', 'Soapy, pungent aromas of lychee nut are atypical for your average Chardonnay. This feel shallow and flat, with lychee and melon flavors that turn bitter and oily on the finish. This is more like Torrontés or Gewürztraminer than standard Chardonnay.', "A mongrel blend of Syrah, Sangiovese, Grenache and Cabernet Franc, this fruity red has a sweet core of blueberry jam, round and forward and quite appealing. It's dusted with baking spices and fades gently into a soft finish. Hard to imagine a more agreeable bottle of Washington red at this price. END
START HERE Soapy, pungent aromas of lychee nut are atypical for your average Chardonnay. This feel shallow and flat, with lychee and melon flavors that turn bitter and oily on the finish. This is more like Torrontés or Gewürztraminer than standard Chardonnay.', "A mongrel blend of Syrah, Sangiovese, Grenache and Cabernet Franc, this fruity red has a sweet core of blueberry jam, round and forward and quite appealing. It's dusted with baking spices and fades gently into a soft finish. Hard to imagine a more agreeable bottle of Washington red at this price.", "A remarkably juicy, berry, cherry Zin that's fully in balance and easy to drink, not to mention a great price. END
START HERE A mongrel blend of Syrah, Sangiovese, Grenache and Cabernet Franc, this fruity red has a sweet core of blueberry jam, round and forward and quite appealing. It's dusted with baking spices and fades gently into a soft finish. Hard to imagine a more agreeable bottle of Washington red at this price.", "A remarkably juicy, berry, cherry Zin that's fully in balance and easy to drink, not to mention a great price.", 'Aromas of black currant, dark chocolate and herb are followed by lightly concentrated dark-fruit flavors. The tannins bring a sense of astringency. END
START HERE A remarkably juicy, berry, cherry Zin that's fully in balance and easy to drink, not to mention a great price.", 'Aromas of black currant, dark chocolate and herb are followed by lightly concentrated dark-fruit flavors. The tannins bring a sense of astringency.', "Zippy, with natural rubbery aromas. This is quite tart and has a personality defined by lemon. There's lemon torte up front, while at the end it's purely tangy and sharp. Not an astringent, scouring wine, but high acidity comes into play. END
START HERE Aromas of black currant, dark chocolate and herb are followed by lightly concentrated dark-fruit flavors. The tannins bring a sense of astringency.', "Zippy, with natural rubbery aromas. This is quite tart and has a personality defined by lemon. There's lemon torte up front, while at the end it's purely tangy and sharp. Not an astringent, scouring wine, but high acidity comes into play.", "Although this is almost red in color and entering its twilight, it's not bad for $8. Dusty berry aromas lead to a semifull palate with raspberry, cherry and plum flavors that end in chewy dryness. END
START HERE Zippy, with natural rubbery aromas. This is quite tart and has a personality defined by lemon. There's lemon torte up front, while at the end it's purely tangy and sharp. Not an astringent, scouring wine, but high acidity comes into play.", "Although this is almost red in color and entering its twilight, it's not bad for $8. Dusty berry aromas lead to a semifull palate with raspberry, cherry and plum flavors that end in chewy dryness.", 'Vanilla and pear aromas begin this soft-bodied wine that is mouthfilling and easy, but not up to shocking anyone. The flavors of orange and pineapple are close to the real thing, and the finish is smooth and easy. A mellow white wine at its best. END
START HERE Although this is almost red in color and entering its twilight, it's not bad for $8. Dusty berry aromas lead to a semifull palate with raspberry, cherry and plum flavors that end in chewy dryness.", 'Vanilla and pear aromas begin this soft-bodied wine that is mouthfilling and easy, but not up to shocking anyone. The flavors of orange and pineapple are close to the real thing, and the finish is smooth and easy. A mellow white wine at its best.', 'Tropical fruit and melon aromas are basic but friendly. This has a punch-like mouthfeel as well as open-knit flavors of orange, nectarine, white grapefruit and apple. What it lacks in finesse is made up for in fruit. END
START HERE Vanilla and pear aromas begin this soft-bodied wine that is mouthfilling and easy, but not up to shocking anyone. The flavors of orange and pineapple are close to the real thing, and the finish is smooth and easy. A mellow white wine at its best.', 'Tropical fruit and melon aromas are basic but friendly. This has a punch-like mouthfeel as well as open-knit flavors of orange, nectarine, white grapefruit and apple. What it lacks in finesse is made up for in fruit.', 'Varietally typical aromas of grapefruit and green onion start it off, but the palate is more citrusy, as it emphasizes flavors of orange, grapefruit, passion fruit and some pickle. The finish is fresh and clean, and the mouthfeel is juicy. However, dilution of flavors and a failure to improve once opened hold it back. END
START HERE Tropical fruit and melon aromas are basic but friendly. This has a punch-like mouthfeel as well as open-knit flavors of orange, nectarine, white grapefruit and apple. What it lacks in finesse is made up for in fruit.', 'Varietally typical aromas of grapefruit and green onion start it off, but the palate is more citrusy, as it emphasizes flavors of orange, grapefruit, passion fruit and some pickle. The finish is fresh and clean, and the mouthfeel is juicy. However, dilution of flavors and a failure to improve once opened hold it back.', 'This Chilean wine displays two personalities. The nose offers aromas of ripe peaches and cream, with honey and buttered-toast accents. On the tongue it turns crisp and tart, with citrus and green-apple flavors and fairly sharp acidity. It finishes short and bright. END
START HERE Varietally typical aromas of grapefruit and green onion start it off, but the palate is more citrusy, as it emphasizes flavors of orange, grapefruit, passion fruit and some pickle. The finish is fresh and clean, and the mouthfeel is juicy. However, dilution of flavors and a failure to improve once opened hold it back.', 'This Chilean wine displays two personalities. The nose offers aromas of ripe peaches and cream, with honey and buttered-toast accents. On the tongue it turns crisp and tart, with citrus and green-apple flavors and fairly sharp acidity. It finishes short and bright.', 'Plump and round on the nose, with some heavy oak and awkward plum/beet aromas. The palate is robust and forward, but a little confusing; the fruit is muddled. And the finish is grapey and thin, leaving a mildly sour lasting impression. END
START HERE This Chilean wine displays two personalities. The nose offers aromas of ripe peaches and cream, with honey and buttered-toast accents. On the tongue it turns crisp and tart, with citrus and green-apple flavors and fairly sharp acidity. It finishes short and bright.', 'Plump and round on the nose, with some heavy oak and awkward plum/beet aromas. The palate is robust and forward, but a little confusing; the fruit is muddled. And the finish is grapey and thin, leaving a mildly sour lasting impression.', 'Sweet and simple, with chocolate, blueberry jam and caramel flavors. END
START HERE Plump and round on the nose, with some heavy oak and awkward plum/beet aromas. The palate is robust and forward, but a little confusing; the fruit is muddled. And the finish is grapey and thin, leaving a mildly sour lasting impression.', 'Sweet and simple, with chocolate, blueberry jam and caramel flavors.', 'A solid wine, full of dried fruits, dense plums and firm tannins. It has fresh acidity, bright juiciness that will come through more strongly over the next few months. END
START HERE Sweet and simple, with chocolate, blueberry jam and caramel flavors.', 'A solid wine, full of dried fruits, dense plums and firm tannins. It has fresh acidity, bright juiciness that will come through more strongly over the next few months.', 'A light but flavorful wine with citrus and green-apple aromas and flavors. A mild chalkiness shows on the palate and oak adds some smoke and spice to the picture. Finishes with an herb note. END
START HERE A solid wine, full of dried fruits, dense plums and firm tannins. It has fresh acidity, bright juiciness that will come through more strongly over the next few months.', 'A light but flavorful wine with citrus and green-apple aromas and flavors. A mild chalkiness shows on the palate and oak adds some smoke and spice to the picture. Finishes with an herb note.', 'Incredibly candied and sweet smelling, much like cotton candy or pink marshmallows. The palate has a cloying, sticky mouthfeel and flavors of raisin, milk chocolate and herbal, tart berry fruits. Creamy and carob-like on the finish. Tastes and smells affected. END
START HERE A light but flavorful wine with citrus and green-apple aromas and flavors. A mild chalkiness shows on the palate and oak adds some smoke and spice to the picture. Finishes with an herb note.', 'Incredibly candied and sweet smelling, much like cotton candy or pink marshmallows. The palate has a cloying, sticky mouthfeel and flavors of raisin, milk chocolate and herbal, tart berry fruits. Creamy and carob-like on the finish. Tastes and smells affected.', 'Rusty in color, with rubbery cherry and raspberry aromas, this is a sticky, candied rosé with a low freshness quotient. Candied, sugary flavors finish sweet and gooey. END
START HERE Incredibly candied and sweet smelling, much like cotton candy or pink marshmallows. The palate has a cloying, sticky mouthfeel and flavors of raisin, milk chocolate and herbal, tart berry fruits. Creamy and carob-like on the finish. Tastes and smells affected.', 'Rusty in color, with rubbery cherry and raspberry aromas, this is a sticky, candied rosé with a low freshness quotient. Candied, sugary flavors finish sweet and gooey.', "Tomato and herbal aromas tell you most of what you need to know about this bargain-priced Cab. It's somewhat green and sweet, with a raw feel and tannic bite. Tastes of tomato and herbal red plum. Feels light on the finish. END
START HERE Rusty in color, with rubbery cherry and raspberry aromas, this is a sticky, candied rosé with a low freshness quotient. Candied, sugary flavors finish sweet and gooey.', "Tomato and herbal aromas tell you most of what you need to know about this bargain-priced Cab. It's somewhat green and sweet, with a raw feel and tannic bite. Tastes of tomato and herbal red plum. Feels light on the finish.", 'Creamy aromas of milk chocolate and berry fruits set up a moderately gripping palate. Nonspecific berry and clove flavors finish plump and chewy, with a strong oak character on the close. END
START HERE Tomato and herbal aromas tell you most of what you need to know about this bargain-priced Cab. It's somewhat green and sweet, with a raw feel and tannic bite. Tastes of tomato and herbal red plum. Feels light on the finish.", 'Creamy aromas of milk chocolate and berry fruits set up a moderately gripping palate. Nonspecific berry and clove flavors finish plump and chewy, with a strong oak character on the close.', "Here's a nice and fresh Sauv Blanc with notes of tropical fruit, ripe gooseberry, tangerine and sweet grass supported by pineapple acidity. Balanced and easy to drink with a crisp, clean finish. END
START HERE Creamy aromas of milk chocolate and berry fruits set up a moderately gripping palate. Nonspecific berry and clove flavors finish plump and chewy, with a strong oak character on the close.', "Here's a nice and fresh Sauv Blanc with notes of tropical fruit, ripe gooseberry, tangerine and sweet grass supported by pineapple acidity. Balanced and easy to drink with a crisp, clean finish.", 'Soft, simple and a little vegetal, with a green, asparagus taste alongside the blackberries. A decent party wine where no one really cares, as long as the wine is red. END
START HERE Here's a nice and fresh Sauv Blanc with notes of tropical fruit, ripe gooseberry, tangerine and sweet grass supported by pineapple acidity. Balanced and easy to drink with a crisp, clean finish.", 'Soft, simple and a little vegetal, with a green, asparagus taste alongside the blackberries. A decent party wine where no one really cares, as long as the wine is red.', "For a big, simple style of Pinot Noir, this gets the job done. It's dark and mulled on the nose, with boistrous plum and cherry flavors that darken up and turn peppery on the finish. This emphasizes freshness and size more than finesse. END
START HERE Soft, simple and a little vegetal, with a green, asparagus taste alongside the blackberries. A decent party wine where no one really cares, as long as the wine is red.', "For a big, simple style of Pinot Noir, this gets the job done. It's dark and mulled on the nose, with boistrous plum and cherry flavors that darken up and turn peppery on the finish. This emphasizes freshness and size more than finesse.", "A clean and easy style of Chardonnay with peach and melon aromas followed by a melony palate with nectarine and a touch of sweetness. It flattens out and loses intensity on the finish, but overall it's totally drinkable and solid. END
START HERE For a big, simple style of Pinot Noir, this gets the job done. It's dark and mulled on the nose, with boistrous plum and cherry flavors that darken up and turn peppery on the finish. This emphasizes freshness and size more than finesse.", "A clean and easy style of Chardonnay with peach and melon aromas followed by a melony palate with nectarine and a touch of sweetness. It flattens out and loses intensity on the finish, but overall it's totally drinkable and solid.", 'Barrel fermented. Scents of new wood dominate; the juice is very tart, the oak not yet well-integrated. END
START HERE A clean and easy style of Chardonnay with peach and melon aromas followed by a melony palate with nectarine and a touch of sweetness. It flattens out and loses intensity on the finish, but overall it's totally drinkable and solid.", 'Barrel fermented. Scents of new wood dominate; the juice is very tart, the oak not yet well-integrated.', "Apples and strawberry combine easily in this soft, fresh rosé. It's fruity, light, with a slight prickle in the mouth. END
START HERE Barrel fermented. Scents of new wood dominate; the juice is very tart, the oak not yet well-integrated.', "Apples and strawberry combine easily in this soft, fresh rosé. It's fruity, light, with a slight prickle in the mouth.", "From a small family estate named for the fireflies that live around the vineyard, this is crisp, with enough fruitiness to balance the acidity. It's light, refreshing and ready for warm-weather enjoyment. END
START HERE Apples and strawberry combine easily in this soft, fresh rosé. It's fruity, light, with a slight prickle in the mouth.", "From a small family estate named for the fireflies that live around the vineyard, this is crisp, with enough fruitiness to balance the acidity. It's light, refreshing and ready for warm-weather enjoyment.", "Dark, fruity and common in every way, but sometimes that's all you need. The wine has a clean, ordinary cassis and berry nose followed by a juicy palate with dark fruit flavors that show accents of vanilla, spice and chocolate. Totally drinkable and likable. END
START HERE From a small family estate named for the fireflies that live around the vineyard, this is crisp, with enough fruitiness to balance the acidity. It's light, refreshing and ready for warm-weather enjoyment.", "Dark, fruity and common in every way, but sometimes that's all you need. The wine has a clean, ordinary cassis and berry nose followed by a juicy palate with dark fruit flavors that show accents of vanilla, spice and chocolate. Totally drinkable and likable.", 'A very nice, completely dry Cab, showing real balance and integrity. As it warms in the glass, it turns more generous in black currant and cedar flavors. What a great buy, and the alcohol is a low 13.1%. END
START HERE Dark, fruity and common in every way, but sometimes that's all you need. The wine has a clean, ordinary cassis and berry nose followed by a juicy palate with dark fruit flavors that show accents of vanilla, spice and chocolate. Totally drinkable and likable.", 'A very nice, completely dry Cab, showing real balance and integrity. As it warms in the glass, it turns more generous in black currant and cedar flavors. What a great buy, and the alcohol is a low 13.1%.', "Ripe and ready, with powerful dark fruit. This is a fine “starter” Cab from Chile and Concha y Toro, one that will impress novices and satisfy the high-end drinker as well. The palate is slightly sugary, but the black fruit is ripe and tasty. And the tannins are there, as they should be, although they're not overwhelming. Best Buy. END
START HERE A very nice, completely dry Cab, showing real balance and integrity. As it warms in the glass, it turns more generous in black currant and cedar flavors. What a great buy, and the alcohol is a low 13.1%.', "Ripe and ready, with powerful dark fruit. This is a fine “starter” Cab from Chile and Concha y Toro, one that will impress novices and satisfy the high-end drinker as well. The palate is slightly sugary, but the black fruit is ripe and tasty. And the tannins are there, as they should be, although they're not overwhelming. Best Buy.", 'Fresh and flowery, with a seductive aromatic profile of gardenia, freesia and honeysuckle that lead to a very likeable, berryish palate. Light-bodied and off-dry, this is a good choice to serve on its own before a meal. Drink now to 2011. END
START HERE Ripe and ready, with powerful dark fruit. This is a fine “starter” Cab from Chile and Concha y Toro, one that will impress novices and satisfy the high-end drinker as well. The palate is slightly sugary, but the black fruit is ripe and tasty. And the tannins are there, as they should be, although they're not overwhelming. Best Buy.", 'Fresh and flowery, with a seductive aromatic profile of gardenia, freesia and honeysuckle that lead to a very likeable, berryish palate. Light-bodied and off-dry, this is a good choice to serve on its own before a meal. Drink now to 2011.', 'This red-colored rosé smells a bit briny, like pickled strawberry. The palate is somewhat round, with initial flavors of raspberry and strawberry that turn a bit peppery on the finish. END
START HERE Fresh and flowery, with a seductive aromatic profile of gardenia, freesia and honeysuckle that lead to a very likeable, berryish palate. Light-bodied and off-dry, this is a good choice to serve on its own before a meal. Drink now to 2011.', 'This red-colored rosé smells a bit briny, like pickled strawberry. The palate is somewhat round, with initial flavors of raspberry and strawberry that turn a bit peppery on the finish.', 'Rubber aromas pervade on the nose. A grippy tannins dominate resin notes of wood and spice over a hint of fruit. A slightly herbaceous finish brings this wine home. END
START HERE This red-colored rosé smells a bit briny, like pickled strawberry. The palate is somewhat round, with initial flavors of raspberry and strawberry that turn a bit peppery on the finish.', 'Rubber aromas pervade on the nose. A grippy tannins dominate resin notes of wood and spice over a hint of fruit. A slightly herbaceous finish brings this wine home.', "The nose is mildly pickled, most likely a result of American oak barrels, but overall the wine is pretty and easygoing. The flavors of sugar beet and plum skin are good, and the tannic body ensures that it's not a lightweight eager to be knocked out in the early rounds. Best Buy. END
START HERE Rubber aromas pervade on the nose. A grippy tannins dominate resin notes of wood and spice over a hint of fruit. A slightly herbaceous finish brings this wine home.', "The nose is mildly pickled, most likely a result of American oak barrels, but overall the wine is pretty and easygoing. The flavors of sugar beet and plum skin are good, and the tannic body ensures that it's not a lightweight eager to be knocked out in the early rounds. Best Buy.", "A terrific value wine, La Piazza (in a screw cap bottle) is a blend of Merlot and Nero d'Avola. Bright aromas of cinnamon, Spanish cedar, mocha, black cherry and bitter almond have a raw, vinous quality. END
START HERE The nose is mildly pickled, most likely a result of American oak barrels, but overall the wine is pretty and easygoing. The flavors of sugar beet and plum skin are good, and the tannic body ensures that it's not a lightweight eager to be knocked out in the early rounds. Best Buy.", "A terrific value wine, La Piazza (in a screw cap bottle) is a blend of Merlot and Nero d'Avola. Bright aromas of cinnamon, Spanish cedar, mocha, black cherry and bitter almond have a raw, vinous quality.", "A pretty good Cabernet for this everyday price. It's very dry and rich in tannins, with sweet-and-sour flavors of cherries, herbs and mint. Fine for an inexpensive, by-the-glass program. END
START HERE A terrific value wine, La Piazza (in a screw cap bottle) is a blend of Merlot and Nero d'Avola. Bright aromas of cinnamon, Spanish cedar, mocha, black cherry and bitter almond have a raw, vinous quality.", "A pretty good Cabernet for this everyday price. It's very dry and rich in tannins, with sweet-and-sour flavors of cherries, herbs and mint. Fine for an inexpensive, by-the-glass program.", "This is a perfect go-to, everyday Chardonnay, solid and light, if a bit unexciting. The fruit flavors of apple and melon are gentle and soft, and the oak treatment delicately handled. You get a little bit of buttered popcorn, but it's not a night out at the movies. END
START HERE A pretty good Cabernet for this everyday price. It's very dry and rich in tannins, with sweet-and-sour flavors of cherries, herbs and mint. Fine for an inexpensive, by-the-glass program.", "This is a perfect go-to, everyday Chardonnay, solid and light, if a bit unexciting. The fruit flavors of apple and melon are gentle and soft, and the oak treatment delicately handled. You get a little bit of buttered popcorn, but it's not a night out at the movies.", 'Reddish in color, with solid aromas of tire rubber, cherry and plum. The palate shows fine lift and balance, and the flavors of juicy, slightly pithy and bitter raspberry and plum are just right for Navarran Garnacha-based rosé. Drink soon with salads and finger foods. END
START HERE This is a perfect go-to, everyday Chardonnay, solid and light, if a bit unexciting. The fruit flavors of apple and melon are gentle and soft, and the oak treatment delicately handled. You get a little bit of buttered popcorn, but it's not a night out at the movies.", 'Reddish in color, with solid aromas of tire rubber, cherry and plum. The palate shows fine lift and balance, and the flavors of juicy, slightly pithy and bitter raspberry and plum are just right for Navarran Garnacha-based rosé. Drink soon with salads and finger foods.', "This wine has a hot-pink color, effusive strawberry and cherry aromas and then sweet fruit flavors that give a sugary impression on the palate. It's very simple in approach and low in alcohol. END
START HERE Reddish in color, with solid aromas of tire rubber, cherry and plum. The palate shows fine lift and balance, and the flavors of juicy, slightly pithy and bitter raspberry and plum are just right for Navarran Garnacha-based rosé. Drink soon with salads and finger foods.', "This wine has a hot-pink color, effusive strawberry and cherry aromas and then sweet fruit flavors that give a sugary impression on the palate. It's very simple in approach and low in alcohol.", 'Light and pleasant, with aromas mixing baked pears, citrus and honeycomb, this is really a lovely wine for the price. The fruit flavors follow consistently, pears and apples with a hint of citrus, clean and refreshing, with juicy acidity. END
START HERE This wine has a hot-pink color, effusive strawberry and cherry aromas and then sweet fruit flavors that give a sugary impression on the palate. It's very simple in approach and low in alcohol.", 'Light and pleasant, with aromas mixing baked pears, citrus and honeycomb, this is really a lovely wine for the price. The fruit flavors follow consistently, pears and apples with a hint of citrus, clean and refreshing, with juicy acidity.', "This is a soft, lush Chardonnay, with ripe, jammy apricot, orange, mango and honey flavors, accented with buttered toast and vanilla. It's a satisfying Chardonnay at one of the better prices out there. END
START HERE Light and pleasant, with aromas mixing baked pears, citrus and honeycomb, this is really a lovely wine for the price. The fruit flavors follow consistently, pears and apples with a hint of citrus, clean and refreshing, with juicy acidity.', "This is a soft, lush Chardonnay, with ripe, jammy apricot, orange, mango and honey flavors, accented with buttered toast and vanilla. It's a satisfying Chardonnay at one of the better prices out there.", 'Gamey notes with red berry aromas set up a big, burly, tannic palate. This Monastrell-Syrah blend deals medicinal plum and berry flavors that come with a mildly salty aftertaste. This is drying and lightly herbal on the finish. END
START HERE This is a soft, lush Chardonnay, with ripe, jammy apricot, orange, mango and honey flavors, accented with buttered toast and vanilla. It's a satisfying Chardonnay at one of the better prices out there.", 'Gamey notes with red berry aromas set up a big, burly, tannic palate. This Monastrell-Syrah blend deals medicinal plum and berry flavors that come with a mildly salty aftertaste. This is drying and lightly herbal on the finish.', 'Cherry cough drop aromas are candied and ominous. This feels diluted, tastes herbal and green, and finishes minty. END
START HERE Gamey notes with red berry aromas set up a big, burly, tannic palate. This Monastrell-Syrah blend deals medicinal plum and berry flavors that come with a mildly salty aftertaste. This is drying and lightly herbal on the finish.', 'Cherry cough drop aromas are candied and ominous. This feels diluted, tastes herbal and green, and finishes minty.', "An aromatic wine with gardenia, ripe nectarine and honey. It's medium-plus sweet with jasmine and stone fruit flavors with the grape's natural acidity playing along nicely. END
START HERE Cherry cough drop aromas are candied and ominous. This feels diluted, tastes herbal and green, and finishes minty.', "An aromatic wine with gardenia, ripe nectarine and honey. It's medium-plus sweet with jasmine and stone fruit flavors with the grape's natural acidity playing along nicely.", 'Grassy with green leaf and fresh-cut herb notes, this dry, easy-drinking wine boasts lively lime-juice acidity and pleasant apple flavor. Slightly dusty notes of dried herb and reed distract on the finish. END
START HERE An aromatic wine with gardenia, ripe nectarine and honey. It's medium-plus sweet with jasmine and stone fruit flavors with the grape's natural acidity playing along nicely.", 'Grassy with green leaf and fresh-cut herb notes, this dry, easy-drinking wine boasts lively lime-juice acidity and pleasant apple flavor. Slightly dusty notes of dried herb and reed distract on the finish.', 'Named after one of the Three Musketeers, this is a simple, rounded but dense wine, with hints of dry fruit topped by rounded, soft, black flavors. A great value, it has open flavors with spice and a juicy, smoky aftertaste. END
START HERE Grassy with green leaf and fresh-cut herb notes, this dry, easy-drinking wine boasts lively lime-juice acidity and pleasant apple flavor. Slightly dusty notes of dried herb and reed distract on the finish.', 'Named after one of the Three Musketeers, this is a simple, rounded but dense wine, with hints of dry fruit topped by rounded, soft, black flavors. A great value, it has open flavors with spice and a juicy, smoky aftertaste.', 'A berry aroma comes with cola and herb notes. The palate is tangy and racy, and it delivers raspberry and plum flavors, with a modest finish. END
START HERE Named after one of the Three Musketeers, this is a simple, rounded but dense wine, with hints of dry fruit topped by rounded, soft, black flavors. A great value, it has open flavors with spice and a juicy, smoky aftertaste.', 'A berry aroma comes with cola and herb notes. The palate is tangy and racy, and it delivers raspberry and plum flavors, with a modest finish.', "Opens with sweet milk chocolate and candied aromas that don't seem totally natural. Feels drawn down, with standard red berry flavors that get lost rather quickly. Finishes juicy and forward, with acidity balancing off some leftover oak. END
START HERE A berry aroma comes with cola and herb notes. The palate is tangy and racy, and it delivers raspberry and plum flavors, with a modest finish.', "Opens with sweet milk chocolate and candied aromas that don't seem totally natural. Feels drawn down, with standard red berry flavors that get lost rather quickly. Finishes juicy and forward, with acidity balancing off some leftover oak.", "From Sebastiani, proof that Pinot Noir has been overplanted in California. This has some pleasant Pinot character in the cherry, spice and earth flavors and light, silky tannins, but it's a simple, one-dimensional wine. END
START HERE Opens with sweet milk chocolate and candied aromas that don't seem totally natural. Feels drawn down, with standard red berry flavors that get lost rather quickly. Finishes juicy and forward, with acidity balancing off some leftover oak.", "From Sebastiani, proof that Pinot Noir has been overplanted in California. This has some pleasant Pinot character in the cherry, spice and earth flavors and light, silky tannins, but it's a simple, one-dimensional wine.", 'The interesting mix of aromas, ranging from fresh manure to cinnamon and cherries, gives way on the palate to the surprisingly unripe flavor of tart cranberries. The acidity is biting, making for a sinewy mouthful. END
START HERE From Sebastiani, proof that Pinot Noir has been overplanted in California. This has some pleasant Pinot character in the cherry, spice and earth flavors and light, silky tannins, but it's a simple, one-dimensional wine.", 'The interesting mix of aromas, ranging from fresh manure to cinnamon and cherries, gives way on the palate to the surprisingly unripe flavor of tart cranberries. The acidity is biting, making for a sinewy mouthful.', "Rough cherry and plum aromas are indicative of what's to come. This feels fresh but raw, with high acidity and not much body or depth. Tart plum and cranberry flavors finish with sharp acidity and a drawing sensation. END
START HERE The interesting mix of aromas, ranging from fresh manure to cinnamon and cherries, gives way on the palate to the surprisingly unripe flavor of tart cranberries. The acidity is biting, making for a sinewy mouthful.', "Rough cherry and plum aromas are indicative of what's to come. This feels fresh but raw, with high acidity and not much body or depth. Tart plum and cranberry flavors finish with sharp acidity and a drawing sensation.", "Drink this sharp, sweetish Merlot if someone gives it to you at a barbecue and don't complain. Put extra ketchup on the burger and enjoy. END
START HERE Rough cherry and plum aromas are indicative of what's to come. This feels fresh but raw, with high acidity and not much body or depth. Tart plum and cranberry flavors finish with sharp acidity and a drawing sensation.", "Drink this sharp, sweetish Merlot if someone gives it to you at a barbecue and don't complain. Put extra ketchup on the burger and enjoy.", "The majority of Calina's wines are solid and worth their price, as is this lively Cab. It gets going with forward aromas of leather, cassis and earth. The palate isn't super structured or advanced but it does deliver sweet and smooth raspberry and plum fruit in front of a good finish. From Kendall-Jackson's Chilean winery. END
START HERE Drink this sharp, sweetish Merlot if someone gives it to you at a barbecue and don't complain. Put extra ketchup on the burger and enjoy.", "The majority of Calina's wines are solid and worth their price, as is this lively Cab. It gets going with forward aromas of leather, cassis and earth. The palate isn't super structured or advanced but it does deliver sweet and smooth raspberry and plum fruit in front of a good finish. From Kendall-Jackson's Chilean winery.", "Produced with advice from consultant Michel Rolland, this delicious, easygoing rosé is ripe and full in the mouth. It has plenty of acidity coming from its red currant fruitiness. The wine finishes softly, ready for a summer's day. END
START HERE The majority of Calina's wines are solid and worth their price, as is this lively Cab. It gets going with forward aromas of leather, cassis and earth. The palate isn't super structured or advanced but it does deliver sweet and smooth raspberry and plum fruit in front of a good finish. From Kendall-Jackson's Chilean winery.", "Produced with advice from consultant Michel Rolland, this delicious, easygoing rosé is ripe and full in the mouth. It has plenty of acidity coming from its red currant fruitiness. The wine finishes softly, ready for a summer's day.", "Mild pungency with an oily edge describes the bouquet. It's lemony and slick in the mouth, with green papaya and lemon flavors. Dry and crisp on the back end, with white pepper notes and sharp lasting acidity. END
START HERE Produced with advice from consultant Michel Rolland, this delicious, easygoing rosé is ripe and full in the mouth. It has plenty of acidity coming from its red currant fruitiness. The wine finishes softly, ready for a summer's day.", "Mild pungency with an oily edge describes the bouquet. It's lemony and slick in the mouth, with green papaya and lemon flavors. Dry and crisp on the back end, with white pepper notes and sharp lasting acidity.", 'Tropical aromas of melon, pineapple juice and canned pears are friendly. A fresh palate with minimal depth and weight offers simple apple and white-grape flavors prior to a lean, melony tasting finish. END
START HERE Mild pungency with an oily edge describes the bouquet. It's lemony and slick in the mouth, with green papaya and lemon flavors. Dry and crisp on the back end, with white pepper notes and sharp lasting acidity.", 'Tropical aromas of melon, pineapple juice and canned pears are friendly. A fresh palate with minimal depth and weight offers simple apple and white-grape flavors prior to a lean, melony tasting finish.', 'This is an approachable, lightweight Sauvignon Blanc with upfront tropical fruit aromas. The mouthfeel is clean and mild, while flavors of white grapefruit and lime finish sweet and easy, alongside notes of dried pineapple and mango. END
START HERE Tropical aromas of melon, pineapple juice and canned pears are friendly. A fresh palate with minimal depth and weight offers simple apple and white-grape flavors prior to a lean, melony tasting finish.', 'This is an approachable, lightweight Sauvignon Blanc with upfront tropical fruit aromas. The mouthfeel is clean and mild, while flavors of white grapefruit and lime finish sweet and easy, alongside notes of dried pineapple and mango.', "This ruby-garnet wine has a touch of oxidation on the nose with flavors of blackberry, black plum and black cherry in the mouth. It's not perfectly harmonious in the midpalate but there's a fair bit of acidity in the finish that makes it refreshing. END
START HERE This is an approachable, lightweight Sauvignon Blanc with upfront tropical fruit aromas. The mouthfeel is clean and mild, while flavors of white grapefruit and lime finish sweet and easy, alongside notes of dried pineapple and mango.', "This ruby-garnet wine has a touch of oxidation on the nose with flavors of blackberry, black plum and black cherry in the mouth. It's not perfectly harmonious in the midpalate but there's a fair bit of acidity in the finish that makes it refreshing.", 'This ruby-colored Romanian Pinot Noir has scents of black plum and red cherry and flavors of bright red cherry before a tart finish. END
START HERE This ruby-garnet wine has a touch of oxidation on the nose with flavors of blackberry, black plum and black cherry in the mouth. It's not perfectly harmonious in the midpalate but there's a fair bit of acidity in the finish that makes it refreshing.", 'This ruby-colored Romanian Pinot Noir has scents of black plum and red cherry and flavors of bright red cherry before a tart finish.', 'This has simple aromas of plum, berry and sweet vanilla. The palate feels fresh, with a citrusy bounce and flavors of raspberry, red plum and mellow spice. The finish is sweet and comported. END
START HERE This ruby-colored Romanian Pinot Noir has scents of black plum and red cherry and flavors of bright red cherry before a tart finish.', 'This has simple aromas of plum, berry and sweet vanilla. The palate feels fresh, with a citrusy bounce and flavors of raspberry, red plum and mellow spice. The finish is sweet and comported.', 'A simple, lemony style that would work best with shellfish but has just enough pear and quince fruit to lend it flesh. Finishes tart and clean. END
START HERE This has simple aromas of plum, berry and sweet vanilla. The palate feels fresh, with a citrusy bounce and flavors of raspberry, red plum and mellow spice. The finish is sweet and comported.', 'A simple, lemony style that would work best with shellfish but has just enough pear and quince fruit to lend it flesh. Finishes tart and clean.', "Varietally correct, with familiar prickly aromas along with citrus and sweat. It's pretty much all you could ask for at under $10, and with honest lemon and pineapple flavors its committed and alive. Good mouthfeel with grab and body only secures its standing as a white wine Best Buy. END
START HERE A simple, lemony style that would work best with shellfish but has just enough pear and quince fruit to lend it flesh. Finishes tart and clean.', "Varietally correct, with familiar prickly aromas along with citrus and sweat. It's pretty much all you could ask for at under $10, and with honest lemon and pineapple flavors its committed and alive. Good mouthfeel with grab and body only secures its standing as a white wine Best Buy.", "Neutral and clean, with hints of melon, apple and cucumber. For a 2007, this is still holding its own. It offers just enough richness and body to tease, but mostly it's a textbook Chilean SB with apple, grapefruit and gooseberry flavors along with a pithy finish. Gracious and tasty, but drink now. END
START HERE Varietally correct, with familiar prickly aromas along with citrus and sweat. It's pretty much all you could ask for at under $10, and with honest lemon and pineapple flavors its committed and alive. Good mouthfeel with grab and body only secures its standing as a white wine Best Buy.", "Neutral and clean, with hints of melon, apple and cucumber. For a 2007, this is still holding its own. It offers just enough richness and body to tease, but mostly it's a textbook Chilean SB with apple, grapefruit and gooseberry flavors along with a pithy finish. Gracious and tasty, but drink now.", "This is herbal and ripely fruited all at once, smelling like sweet pea, carnation and baby powder combined with tones of plum and cherry. The fruity notes continue through to the medium-weight palate, though they're short-lived. END
START HERE Neutral and clean, with hints of melon, apple and cucumber. For a 2007, this is still holding its own. It offers just enough richness and body to tease, but mostly it's a textbook Chilean SB with apple, grapefruit and gooseberry flavors along with a pithy finish. Gracious and tasty, but drink now.", "This is herbal and ripely fruited all at once, smelling like sweet pea, carnation and baby powder combined with tones of plum and cherry. The fruity notes continue through to the medium-weight palate, though they're short-lived.", "A lime-centric wine that also has notes of white peach. It's medium sweet with the sugar getting out in front of the acid. END
START HERE This is herbal and ripely fruited all at once, smelling like sweet pea, carnation and baby powder combined with tones of plum and cherry. The fruity notes continue through to the medium-weight palate, though they're short-lived.", "A lime-centric wine that also has notes of white peach. It's medium sweet with the sugar getting out in front of the acid.", 'With aromas of blueberry and Kool-Aid, this feels raw and pointy, with basic plum and dry red-fruit flavors. An abrupt finish is as expected. END
START HERE A lime-centric wine that also has notes of white peach. It's medium sweet with the sugar getting out in front of the acid.", 'With aromas of blueberry and Kool-Aid, this feels raw and pointy, with basic plum and dry red-fruit flavors. An abrupt finish is as expected.', 'This medium-bodied wine blends lively citrus and crisp apple aromas with just-rich-enough pear, apple and butter flavors for good balance. Satisfying and refreshing, it will be great with many different dishes. END
START HERE With aromas of blueberry and Kool-Aid, this feels raw and pointy, with basic plum and dry red-fruit flavors. An abrupt finish is as expected.', 'This medium-bodied wine blends lively citrus and crisp apple aromas with just-rich-enough pear, apple and butter flavors for good balance. Satisfying and refreshing, it will be great with many different dishes.', 'With a smoked char aftertaste, this wine is lacking in fruit and fairly simple. A weediness could be interpreted as cedar or dried herb, but teeter-totters on the borderline. END
START HERE This medium-bodied wine blends lively citrus and crisp apple aromas with just-rich-enough pear, apple and butter flavors for good balance. Satisfying and refreshing, it will be great with many different dishes.', 'With a smoked char aftertaste, this wine is lacking in fruit and fairly simple. A weediness could be interpreted as cedar or dried herb, but teeter-totters on the borderline.', "This wine combines oaky sweetness with good, plummy fruit flavors and a lightly grippy texture. It's tasty and approachable in style. END
START HERE With a smoked char aftertaste, this wine is lacking in fruit and fairly simple. A weediness could be interpreted as cedar or dried herb, but teeter-totters on the borderline.', "This wine combines oaky sweetness with good, plummy fruit flavors and a lightly grippy texture. It's tasty and approachable in style.", 'This value-minded selection blends plenty of bright citrus and apple flavors with good acidity and a hint of sweetness for a complete and pleasing package. It is medium bodied, light on its feet and refreshing. Enjoy now. END
START HERE This wine combines oaky sweetness with good, plummy fruit flavors and a lightly grippy texture. It's tasty and approachable in style.", 'This value-minded selection blends plenty of bright citrus and apple flavors with good acidity and a hint of sweetness for a complete and pleasing package. It is medium bodied, light on its feet and refreshing. Enjoy now.', 'This is a simple fruity wine. It has attractive red-berry fruits, giving it a light and bright character. The wine is rounded and smooth, with an attractive lift of acidity at the end. END
START HERE This value-minded selection blends plenty of bright citrus and apple flavors with good acidity and a hint of sweetness for a complete and pleasing package. It is medium bodied, light on its feet and refreshing. Enjoy now.', 'This is a simple fruity wine. It has attractive red-berry fruits, giving it a light and bright character. The wine is rounded and smooth, with an attractive lift of acidity at the end.', 'Meaty, herbal aromas are savory and suggest baked black fruits. The palate is short in the middle and scratchy, but lively as far as Cabernet goes. Herbal red plum, cassis and mint flavors lead to a finish with good feel and flow. END
START HERE This is a simple fruity wine. It has attractive red-berry fruits, giving it a light and bright character. The wine is rounded and smooth, with an attractive lift of acidity at the end.', 'Meaty, herbal aromas are savory and suggest baked black fruits. The palate is short in the middle and scratchy, but lively as far as Cabernet goes. Herbal red plum, cassis and mint flavors lead to a finish with good feel and flow.', 'This wine has been too heavily extracted, giving a series of tough tannins and a hard edge without the fruit to balance things out. It is a blend of 50% Cabernet Sauvignon and 25/25 Merlot and Cabernet Franc. END
START HERE Meaty, herbal aromas are savory and suggest baked black fruits. The palate is short in the middle and scratchy, but lively as far as Cabernet goes. Herbal red plum, cassis and mint flavors lead to a finish with good feel and flow.', 'This wine has been too heavily extracted, giving a series of tough tannins and a hard edge without the fruit to balance things out. It is a blend of 50% Cabernet Sauvignon and 25/25 Merlot and Cabernet Franc.', 'The aroma is stalky and leathery on the nose. The palate is grabby, with sulfuric, bitter flavors of uncomplicated berry fruits. This is 65% Bobal and 35% Tempranillo. END
START HERE This wine has been too heavily extracted, giving a series of tough tannins and a hard edge without the fruit to balance things out. It is a blend of 50% Cabernet Sauvignon and 25/25 Merlot and Cabernet Franc.', 'The aroma is stalky and leathery on the nose. The palate is grabby, with sulfuric, bitter flavors of uncomplicated berry fruits. This is 65% Bobal and 35% Tempranillo.', 'This well-oaked, smoky wine is a great value. It has abundant baking spice aromas, as well as rich flavors of ripe pear, nutmeg and vanilla. Ample acidity and delicate tannins help maintain balance. END
START HERE The aroma is stalky and leathery on the nose. The palate is grabby, with sulfuric, bitter flavors of uncomplicated berry fruits. This is 65% Bobal and 35% Tempranillo.', 'This well-oaked, smoky wine is a great value. It has abundant baking spice aromas, as well as rich flavors of ripe pear, nutmeg and vanilla. Ample acidity and delicate tannins help maintain balance.', 'Except for a slightly rustic edge to the way the wine feels in the mouth, this is a spectacular success. It stands next to much more expensive Merlots proudly. Dry and smooth in tannins, the cherry, red currant and pepper flavors are outstanding. END
START HERE This well-oaked, smoky wine is a great value. It has abundant baking spice aromas, as well as rich flavors of ripe pear, nutmeg and vanilla. Ample acidity and delicate tannins help maintain balance.', 'Except for a slightly rustic edge to the way the wine feels in the mouth, this is a spectacular success. It stands next to much more expensive Merlots proudly. Dry and smooth in tannins, the cherry, red currant and pepper flavors are outstanding.', 'Named after King Henri IV, this is a powerful, ripe and still-structured wine. Big, rich tannins push the structure forward and boost the full black-plum flavors. It is complex, dense and still needing time. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE Except for a slightly rustic edge to the way the wine feels in the mouth, this is a spectacular success. It stands next to much more expensive Merlots proudly. Dry and smooth in tannins, the cherry, red currant and pepper flavors are outstanding.', 'Named after King Henri IV, this is a powerful, ripe and still-structured wine. Big, rich tannins push the structure forward and boost the full black-plum flavors. It is complex, dense and still needing time. Drink from 2018.', "Dark to the eye, with perfectly adequate raspberry and black plum aromas. The palate is a touch acidic and tangy, but even though it's lean it packs ample cassis, plum and herbal influences. Solid for the money, with a feel-good personality. END
START HERE Named after King Henri IV, this is a powerful, ripe and still-structured wine. Big, rich tannins push the structure forward and boost the full black-plum flavors. It is complex, dense and still needing time. Drink from 2018.', "Dark to the eye, with perfectly adequate raspberry and black plum aromas. The palate is a touch acidic and tangy, but even though it's lean it packs ample cassis, plum and herbal influences. Solid for the money, with a feel-good personality.", 'Cotton candy and warm, dusty aromas give the wine pleasant, semisweet opening aromas. The palate is round and solidly formed, with creamsicle flavors and a bit of brown sugar or treacle. A good wine with just a touch of sweetness in the middle; must be a touch of residual sugar here. END
START HERE Dark to the eye, with perfectly adequate raspberry and black plum aromas. The palate is a touch acidic and tangy, but even though it's lean it packs ample cassis, plum and herbal influences. Solid for the money, with a feel-good personality.", 'Cotton candy and warm, dusty aromas give the wine pleasant, semisweet opening aromas. The palate is round and solidly formed, with creamsicle flavors and a bit of brown sugar or treacle. A good wine with just a touch of sweetness in the middle; must be a touch of residual sugar here.', 'Smells dusty and peppery at first, and then milk chocolate and herbal aromas take over. Feels grabby, with bland, average blackberry flavors that are covered by faux oak, vanilla and milk chocolate. Hollow and confected as a whole. END
START HERE Cotton candy and warm, dusty aromas give the wine pleasant, semisweet opening aromas. The palate is round and solidly formed, with creamsicle flavors and a bit of brown sugar or treacle. A good wine with just a touch of sweetness in the middle; must be a touch of residual sugar here.', 'Smells dusty and peppery at first, and then milk chocolate and herbal aromas take over. Feels grabby, with bland, average blackberry flavors that are covered by faux oak, vanilla and milk chocolate. Hollow and confected as a whole.', "Luzon's signature Best Buy red blends one-third Syrah with two-thirds Monastrell, and always with consistent results. Year after year, we like this wine's lusty, broad fruit, richness and overall balance. It's not sophisticated or complex, but it is deep, clean and very tasty. END
START HERE Smells dusty and peppery at first, and then milk chocolate and herbal aromas take over. Feels grabby, with bland, average blackberry flavors that are covered by faux oak, vanilla and milk chocolate. Hollow and confected as a whole.', "Luzon's signature Best Buy red blends one-third Syrah with two-thirds Monastrell, and always with consistent results. Year after year, we like this wine's lusty, broad fruit, richness and overall balance. It's not sophisticated or complex, but it is deep, clean and very tasty.", 'This medium-sweet rosé is bursting with ripe strawberry aromas and flavors. It is soft, just edged by crispness and ready to drink with its light, fruity finish. END
START HERE Luzon's signature Best Buy red blends one-third Syrah with two-thirds Monastrell, and always with consistent results. Year after year, we like this wine's lusty, broad fruit, richness and overall balance. It's not sophisticated or complex, but it is deep, clean and very tasty.", 'This medium-sweet rosé is bursting with ripe strawberry aromas and flavors. It is soft, just edged by crispness and ready to drink with its light, fruity finish.', 'Starts out with nice aromas of ripe black fruits and toasty oak, however it drops down in class in the mouth, where pointed, jabby acidity causes tang and sourness. There are good berry and plum flavors to offset the tartness, but it finishes narrow and snappy. Pretty good but needs better balance and structure. END
START HERE This medium-sweet rosé is bursting with ripe strawberry aromas and flavors. It is soft, just edged by crispness and ready to drink with its light, fruity finish.', 'Starts out with nice aromas of ripe black fruits and toasty oak, however it drops down in class in the mouth, where pointed, jabby acidity causes tang and sourness. There are good berry and plum flavors to offset the tartness, but it finishes narrow and snappy. Pretty good but needs better balance and structure.', "Notes of cedar and violet meld with a ripe, juicy black-fruit flavor in this bold, deeply concentrated Cabernet. Softer and riper than the Rezerva, it has a slightly grapey midpalate. It's full-bodied in style, with a frame of lush, furry tannins. END
START HERE Starts out with nice aromas of ripe black fruits and toasty oak, however it drops down in class in the mouth, where pointed, jabby acidity causes tang and sourness. There are good berry and plum flavors to offset the tartness, but it finishes narrow and snappy. Pretty good but needs better balance and structure.', "Notes of cedar and violet meld with a ripe, juicy black-fruit flavor in this bold, deeply concentrated Cabernet. Softer and riper than the Rezerva, it has a slightly grapey midpalate. It's full-bodied in style, with a frame of lush, furry tannins.", 'Seems confected, with sweet Jolly Rancher aromas playing against taut acidity. A light, tart offering best paired with tomato-based sauces—fine with spaghetti at your local Italian joint. END
START HERE Notes of cedar and violet meld with a ripe, juicy black-fruit flavor in this bold, deeply concentrated Cabernet. Softer and riper than the Rezerva, it has a slightly grapey midpalate. It's full-bodied in style, with a frame of lush, furry tannins.", 'Seems confected, with sweet Jolly Rancher aromas playing against taut acidity. A light, tart offering best paired with tomato-based sauces—fine with spaghetti at your local Italian joint.', 'Citrus blossom, apricot, peach, minerals and white peppercorn emerge from the nose of this attractively priced Chard. It boasts medium build and persistency with nice acidity and a spice-filled finish. END
START HERE Seems confected, with sweet Jolly Rancher aromas playing against taut acidity. A light, tart offering best paired with tomato-based sauces—fine with spaghetti at your local Italian joint.', 'Citrus blossom, apricot, peach, minerals and white peppercorn emerge from the nose of this attractively priced Chard. It boasts medium build and persistency with nice acidity and a spice-filled finish.', 'Yellow fruit nuances abound in this slightly sweet-tasting offering from an area better known for growing Cabernet. Pear, pineapple and lemon aromas and flavors predominate, finishing with a bit of heat and slightly rough acids. END
START HERE Citrus blossom, apricot, peach, minerals and white peppercorn emerge from the nose of this attractively priced Chard. It boasts medium build and persistency with nice acidity and a spice-filled finish.', 'Yellow fruit nuances abound in this slightly sweet-tasting offering from an area better known for growing Cabernet. Pear, pineapple and lemon aromas and flavors predominate, finishing with a bit of heat and slightly rough acids.', "Probably the wine that put Australian Chardonnay on American consumers' maps, the current vintage boasts aromas of creamery butter, tangerine and lime, with a touch of movie-theater popcorn. Soft peach and vanilla flavors finish with spicy oak. END
START HERE Yellow fruit nuances abound in this slightly sweet-tasting offering from an area better known for growing Cabernet. Pear, pineapple and lemon aromas and flavors predominate, finishing with a bit of heat and slightly rough acids.', "Probably the wine that put Australian Chardonnay on American consumers' maps, the current vintage boasts aromas of creamery butter, tangerine and lime, with a touch of movie-theater popcorn. Soft peach and vanilla flavors finish with spicy oak.", "A pillowy and tropical Chard that doesn't get sloppy soft or overly tart and hard. Toasted marshmallow, pineapple and banana aromas; lightly caramelized pineapple dusted with cinnamon flavors. Finishes with a smoky edge. Best Buy. END
START HERE Probably the wine that put Australian Chardonnay on American consumers' maps, the current vintage boasts aromas of creamery butter, tangerine and lime, with a touch of movie-theater popcorn. Soft peach and vanilla flavors finish with spicy oak.", "A pillowy and tropical Chard that doesn't get sloppy soft or overly tart and hard. Toasted marshmallow, pineapple and banana aromas; lightly caramelized pineapple dusted with cinnamon flavors. Finishes with a smoky edge. Best Buy.", 'This value selection is a no-brainer, with medium tannins providing good structure to the ripe palate. Boysenberry and black currant flavors mingle with spicy accents of hoisin sauce, licorice and coffee bean. Drink now. END
START HERE A pillowy and tropical Chard that doesn't get sloppy soft or overly tart and hard. Toasted marshmallow, pineapple and banana aromas; lightly caramelized pineapple dusted with cinnamon flavors. Finishes with a smoky edge. Best Buy.", 'This value selection is a no-brainer, with medium tannins providing good structure to the ripe palate. Boysenberry and black currant flavors mingle with spicy accents of hoisin sauce, licorice and coffee bean. Drink now.', 'A little rugged and sweet, but at this price, okay for burgers and such. Shows candied flavors of blackberries, cherries and cedar. END
START HERE This value selection is a no-brainer, with medium tannins providing good structure to the ripe palate. Boysenberry and black currant flavors mingle with spicy accents of hoisin sauce, licorice and coffee bean. Drink now.', 'A little rugged and sweet, but at this price, okay for burgers and such. Shows candied flavors of blackberries, cherries and cedar.', 'A bit foxy and stemmy on the nose, with hints of orange that make things seem nervy and stretched. The palate is clumsy and a little tart in flavor, with herbs and zest leading to a wavy but unique finish. Walks to the beat of its own drummer; uncommon for Malbec. END
START HERE A little rugged and sweet, but at this price, okay for burgers and such. Shows candied flavors of blackberries, cherries and cedar.', 'A bit foxy and stemmy on the nose, with hints of orange that make things seem nervy and stretched. The palate is clumsy and a little tart in flavor, with herbs and zest leading to a wavy but unique finish. Walks to the beat of its own drummer; uncommon for Malbec.', 'Starts out with mildly herbal, salad-dressing aromas, but the palate is fairly full and creamy, with soft tomato, spice and generic berry flavors. Fresh due to adequate acidity, but tastes a little herbal and sharp all the way through. Good enough for the price. END
START HERE A bit foxy and stemmy on the nose, with hints of orange that make things seem nervy and stretched. The palate is clumsy and a little tart in flavor, with herbs and zest leading to a wavy but unique finish. Walks to the beat of its own drummer; uncommon for Malbec.', 'Starts out with mildly herbal, salad-dressing aromas, but the palate is fairly full and creamy, with soft tomato, spice and generic berry flavors. Fresh due to adequate acidity, but tastes a little herbal and sharp all the way through. Good enough for the price.', "Starts out varietally correct, with zest in the mouth and citrusy, green aromas. Time doesn't really help it along; the lime and grapefruity crispness is surface-level. Turns more pithy and less focused as it airs out. Drink immediately before it fades. END
START HERE Starts out with mildly herbal, salad-dressing aromas, but the palate is fairly full and creamy, with soft tomato, spice and generic berry flavors. Fresh due to adequate acidity, but tastes a little herbal and sharp all the way through. Good enough for the price.', "Starts out varietally correct, with zest in the mouth and citrusy, green aromas. Time doesn't really help it along; the lime and grapefruity crispness is surface-level. Turns more pithy and less focused as it airs out. Drink immediately before it fades.", 'Ripe red-cherry and sweet pastry notes are fragrant on this bright, easy-drinking Pinot Noir. On the finish, hints of smoke and ash add savory tones that would be pleasant alongside duck- or pork-based dishes. END
START HERE Starts out varietally correct, with zest in the mouth and citrusy, green aromas. Time doesn't really help it along; the lime and grapefruity crispness is surface-level. Turns more pithy and less focused as it airs out. Drink immediately before it fades.", 'Ripe red-cherry and sweet pastry notes are fragrant on this bright, easy-drinking Pinot Noir. On the finish, hints of smoke and ash add savory tones that would be pleasant alongside duck- or pork-based dishes.', 'An acid-driven wine, this has a palpable tartness, with feeble notes of raw wood, blueberry and smoke. Pairing this with a grilled pizza with a layer of tomato sauce could help tame the wild acids. END
START HERE Ripe red-cherry and sweet pastry notes are fragrant on this bright, easy-drinking Pinot Noir. On the finish, hints of smoke and ash add savory tones that would be pleasant alongside duck- or pork-based dishes.', 'An acid-driven wine, this has a palpable tartness, with feeble notes of raw wood, blueberry and smoke. Pairing this with a grilled pizza with a layer of tomato sauce could help tame the wild acids.', "You've got to hand it to the folks at this estate: they make nice wines at low prices. This Sicilian Chardonnay is bright and creamy with aromas of orange blossom, almond, golden honey and mature apricot. The wine feels crisp and pristine in the mouth. Very nice. END
START HERE An acid-driven wine, this has a palpable tartness, with feeble notes of raw wood, blueberry and smoke. Pairing this with a grilled pizza with a layer of tomato sauce could help tame the wild acids.', "You've got to hand it to the folks at this estate: they make nice wines at low prices. This Sicilian Chardonnay is bright and creamy with aromas of orange blossom, almond, golden honey and mature apricot. The wine feels crisp and pristine in the mouth. Very nice.", 'Ripe, briary aromas of wild berries, plums and earth veer into dark chocolate. Flavors are on the light side, and seem a little soft. An affordable everyday wine to serve at picnics. Don’t be misled by the “Home Ranch” description; this is not an estate wine. END
START HERE You've got to hand it to the folks at this estate: they make nice wines at low prices. This Sicilian Chardonnay is bright and creamy with aromas of orange blossom, almond, golden honey and mature apricot. The wine feels crisp and pristine in the mouth. Very nice.", 'Ripe, briary aromas of wild berries, plums and earth veer into dark chocolate. Flavors are on the light side, and seem a little soft. An affordable everyday wine to serve at picnics. Don’t be misled by the “Home Ranch” description; this is not an estate wine.', 'Funky, leathery and briny, the offers no clear fruit expression. The palate is heavy, hard and lacks finesse. Flavors of red fruits and citrus are tart and generic, while the finish is bitter and salty. END
START HERE Ripe, briary aromas of wild berries, plums and earth veer into dark chocolate. Flavors are on the light side, and seem a little soft. An affordable everyday wine to serve at picnics. Don’t be misled by the “Home Ranch” description; this is not an estate wine.', 'Funky, leathery and briny, the offers no clear fruit expression. The palate is heavy, hard and lacks finesse. Flavors of red fruits and citrus are tart and generic, while the finish is bitter and salty.', 'Pretty good for the price, a balanced, smooth Cab with polished blackberry, cherry, plum, cedar and rosemary flavors. Good value in a dry red table wine. END
START HERE Funky, leathery and briny, the offers no clear fruit expression. The palate is heavy, hard and lacks finesse. Flavors of red fruits and citrus are tart and generic, while the finish is bitter and salty.', 'Pretty good for the price, a balanced, smooth Cab with polished blackberry, cherry, plum, cedar and rosemary flavors. Good value in a dry red table wine.', 'Like most bargain Chilean Cabs, the wine is a bit green and herbal, with scratchy red-fruit aromas helping it along. The palate has reasonably good depth and saturation, with flavors of roasted berry, stewed fruits, tobacco and green veggies. Good but challenged. END
START HERE Pretty good for the price, a balanced, smooth Cab with polished blackberry, cherry, plum, cedar and rosemary flavors. Good value in a dry red table wine.', 'Like most bargain Chilean Cabs, the wine is a bit green and herbal, with scratchy red-fruit aromas helping it along. The palate has reasonably good depth and saturation, with flavors of roasted berry, stewed fruits, tobacco and green veggies. Good but challenged.', "Crisp, natural and lightly salinic on the nose, with medium weight, good freshness and solid peach and citrus flavors. This is a standard but nicely done Rioja rosé with a pithy finish and just the right edge to it. Drink liberally with appetizers and you shouldn't go wrong. END
START HERE Like most bargain Chilean Cabs, the wine is a bit green and herbal, with scratchy red-fruit aromas helping it along. The palate has reasonably good depth and saturation, with flavors of roasted berry, stewed fruits, tobacco and green veggies. Good but challenged.', "Crisp, natural and lightly salinic on the nose, with medium weight, good freshness and solid peach and citrus flavors. This is a standard but nicely done Rioja rosé with a pithy finish and just the right edge to it. Drink liberally with appetizers and you shouldn't go wrong.", 'A good deal in value-priced Cabernet. Aromas of mocha, chocolate and ripe berry fruit are well molded, and the palate is warm, rich and full of clean, tasty raspberry and plum fruit accented by another dash of mocha. Fruity and thick, and with a natural oak flavor. END
START HERE Crisp, natural and lightly salinic on the nose, with medium weight, good freshness and solid peach and citrus flavors. This is a standard but nicely done Rioja rosé with a pithy finish and just the right edge to it. Drink liberally with appetizers and you shouldn't go wrong.", 'A good deal in value-priced Cabernet. Aromas of mocha, chocolate and ripe berry fruit are well molded, and the palate is warm, rich and full of clean, tasty raspberry and plum fruit accented by another dash of mocha. Fruity and thick, and with a natural oak flavor.', "Sweet orange soda, vanilla and buttered popcorn flavors mark this one-dimensional Chardonnay. It's fortunately brightened with crisp acidity. END
START HERE A good deal in value-priced Cabernet. Aromas of mocha, chocolate and ripe berry fruit are well molded, and the palate is warm, rich and full of clean, tasty raspberry and plum fruit accented by another dash of mocha. Fruity and thick, and with a natural oak flavor.', "Sweet orange soda, vanilla and buttered popcorn flavors mark this one-dimensional Chardonnay. It's fortunately brightened with crisp acidity.", 'Aromatic, with notes of orange blossom and lemon zest, this dry, bracing Chardonnay boasts surprising depth and minerality. Vibrant with lemony acidity, it finishes briskly, with a hint of lime-zest-like astringency. END
START HERE Sweet orange soda, vanilla and buttered popcorn flavors mark this one-dimensional Chardonnay. It's fortunately brightened with crisp acidity.", 'Aromatic, with notes of orange blossom and lemon zest, this dry, bracing Chardonnay boasts surprising depth and minerality. Vibrant with lemony acidity, it finishes briskly, with a hint of lime-zest-like astringency.', 'Berry, pickle and bramble aromas are a little tough and crusted over, while the palate is snappy and fresh in feel, with flavors of herbal berry fruit and pepper. A mild hint of oak and resin dry up the finish. END
START HERE Aromatic, with notes of orange blossom and lemon zest, this dry, bracing Chardonnay boasts surprising depth and minerality. Vibrant with lemony acidity, it finishes briskly, with a hint of lime-zest-like astringency.', 'Berry, pickle and bramble aromas are a little tough and crusted over, while the palate is snappy and fresh in feel, with flavors of herbal berry fruit and pepper. A mild hint of oak and resin dry up the finish.', 'The De Bortoli family does a solid job with Chardonnay—even this entry-level wine shows some complexity and finesse. Hints of smoke and graphite frame bright pineapple and lime flavors, delivered without excessive weight or richness. END
START HERE Berry, pickle and bramble aromas are a little tough and crusted over, while the palate is snappy and fresh in feel, with flavors of herbal berry fruit and pepper. A mild hint of oak and resin dry up the finish.', 'The De Bortoli family does a solid job with Chardonnay—even this entry-level wine shows some complexity and finesse. Hints of smoke and graphite frame bright pineapple and lime flavors, delivered without excessive weight or richness.', "This tastes like an alcoholic fruit drink with apricot, orange and mango flavors. Still, it's clean and pleasant. END
START HERE The De Bortoli family does a solid job with Chardonnay—even this entry-level wine shows some complexity and finesse. Hints of smoke and graphite frame bright pineapple and lime flavors, delivered without excessive weight or richness.', "This tastes like an alcoholic fruit drink with apricot, orange and mango flavors. Still, it's clean and pleasant.", "For basic Chardonnay, this fits the bill as a good quaffer. Pithy citrus aromas lead to a zesty, citrusy palate with flavors of green fruits, lemongrass and green herbs. It's lasting on the finish and a touch ripe. END
START HERE This tastes like an alcoholic fruit drink with apricot, orange and mango flavors. Still, it's clean and pleasant.", "For basic Chardonnay, this fits the bill as a good quaffer. Pithy citrus aromas lead to a zesty, citrusy palate with flavors of green fruits, lemongrass and green herbs. It's lasting on the finish and a touch ripe.", "With its slightly sweet, jellied flavors of cherries, black raspberries, anise and vanilla bean, balanced with smooth tannins, this is a fun wine. It's easy to enjoy with almost anything that wants a medium-bodied red. END
START HERE For basic Chardonnay, this fits the bill as a good quaffer. Pithy citrus aromas lead to a zesty, citrusy palate with flavors of green fruits, lemongrass and green herbs. It's lasting on the finish and a touch ripe.", "With its slightly sweet, jellied flavors of cherries, black raspberries, anise and vanilla bean, balanced with smooth tannins, this is a fun wine. It's easy to enjoy with almost anything that wants a medium-bodied red.", 'This medium-bodied Cabernet is elegant and supple enough to offer some pleasure, but also boasts some green bell pepper and eucalyptus notes. Drink now. END
START HERE With its slightly sweet, jellied flavors of cherries, black raspberries, anise and vanilla bean, balanced with smooth tannins, this is a fun wine. It's easy to enjoy with almost anything that wants a medium-bodied red.", 'This medium-bodied Cabernet is elegant and supple enough to offer some pleasure, but also boasts some green bell pepper and eucalyptus notes. Drink now.', "Definitely inexpensive, but for a few dollars more, one might find more fruit and texture. This is an earthy, basic quaffer that'll please mostly on price. END
START HERE This medium-bodied Cabernet is elegant and supple enough to offer some pleasure, but also boasts some green bell pepper and eucalyptus notes. Drink now.', "Definitely inexpensive, but for a few dollars more, one might find more fruit and texture. This is an earthy, basic quaffer that'll please mostly on price.", "Another fine Best Buy from a winery that knocks 'em out year after year. This Monastrell-Syrah blend delivers full, rustic aromas of tomato, baked berry and salsa. The palate is saucy and smooth, with blackberry flavors mixed with herbs and tomato. Textured, healthy, snappy and a good partner for full-  flavored foods. END
START HERE Definitely inexpensive, but for a few dollars more, one might find more fruit and texture. This is an earthy, basic quaffer that'll please mostly on price.", "Another fine Best Buy from a winery that knocks 'em out year after year. This Monastrell-Syrah blend delivers full, rustic aromas of tomato, baked berry and salsa. The palate is saucy and smooth, with blackberry flavors mixed with herbs and tomato. Textured, healthy, snappy and a good partner for full-  flavored foods.", 'This value-priced Chard offers a medium-intense bouquet of orange rind, Granny Smith apple and white peach pit followed by a round mouth with accents of apple skins and buttercup. Balanced with a solid finish and low alcohol. END
START HERE Another fine Best Buy from a winery that knocks 'em out year after year. This Monastrell-Syrah blend delivers full, rustic aromas of tomato, baked berry and salsa. The palate is saucy and smooth, with blackberry flavors mixed with herbs and tomato. Textured, healthy, snappy and a good partner for full-  flavored foods.", 'This value-priced Chard offers a medium-intense bouquet of orange rind, Granny Smith apple and white peach pit followed by a round mouth with accents of apple skins and buttercup. Balanced with a solid finish and low alcohol.', 'Jammy plum and currant aromas are light on complexity. This blend is crisp, fresh and ultimately modest in feel, with black cherry and plum flavors. A clean finish makes it good for everyday drinking. END
START HERE This value-priced Chard offers a medium-intense bouquet of orange rind, Granny Smith apple and white peach pit followed by a round mouth with accents of apple skins and buttercup. Balanced with a solid finish and low alcohol.', 'Jammy plum and currant aromas are light on complexity. This blend is crisp, fresh and ultimately modest in feel, with black cherry and plum flavors. A clean finish makes it good for everyday drinking.', "This is a generous, richly fruity and well-oaked wine that blends almost-jammy cherry and blackberry flavors with sweet-seeming accents like vanilla and cinnamon. It's relatively soft in texture and easy to sip. END
START HERE Jammy plum and currant aromas are light on complexity. This blend is crisp, fresh and ultimately modest in feel, with black cherry and plum flavors. A clean finish makes it good for everyday drinking.', "This is a generous, richly fruity and well-oaked wine that blends almost-jammy cherry and blackberry flavors with sweet-seeming accents like vanilla and cinnamon. It's relatively soft in texture and easy to sip.", 'Aromas of brown baking spices and black cherry open the bouquet of this wine. There are soft tannins with flavors of red cherry, black cherry and cherry cola in the smooth and round finish. END
START HERE This is a generous, richly fruity and well-oaked wine that blends almost-jammy cherry and blackberry flavors with sweet-seeming accents like vanilla and cinnamon. It's relatively soft in texture and easy to sip.", 'Aromas of brown baking spices and black cherry open the bouquet of this wine. There are soft tannins with flavors of red cherry, black cherry and cherry cola in the smooth and round finish.', 'Juicy and off-dry, this succulent Riesling pushes orange and candied citrus flavors to the front of the bus, with a smooth, sweet but not sugary ride into the lingering finish. A final impression of spun sugar and marshmallow brings a smile. END
START HERE Aromas of brown baking spices and black cherry open the bouquet of this wine. There are soft tannins with flavors of red cherry, black cherry and cherry cola in the smooth and round finish.', 'Juicy and off-dry, this succulent Riesling pushes orange and candied citrus flavors to the front of the bus, with a smooth, sweet but not sugary ride into the lingering finish. A final impression of spun sugar and marshmallow brings a smile.', "Fresh, layered aromas of black fruits and licorice are appealing. The palate is full and offers kick, while flavors of berry and plum are fairly rich, spicy and honest for $9 Cabernet. A bit sticky and it falls off on the finish, but overall it's a nice value red. END
START HERE Juicy and off-dry, this succulent Riesling pushes orange and candied citrus flavors to the front of the bus, with a smooth, sweet but not sugary ride into the lingering finish. A final impression of spun sugar and marshmallow brings a smile.', "Fresh, layered aromas of black fruits and licorice are appealing. The palate is full and offers kick, while flavors of berry and plum are fairly rich, spicy and honest for $9 Cabernet. A bit sticky and it falls off on the finish, but overall it's a nice value red.", 'Made from 60% Syrah and 40% Merlot, this wine offers aromas of cigar box, toffee, red apple and herb. It drinks a hair off dry, with medium-bodied fruit flavors and gritty tannins. END
START HERE Fresh, layered aromas of black fruits and licorice are appealing. The palate is full and offers kick, while flavors of berry and plum are fairly rich, spicy and honest for $9 Cabernet. A bit sticky and it falls off on the finish, but overall it's a nice value red.", 'Made from 60% Syrah and 40% Merlot, this wine offers aromas of cigar box, toffee, red apple and herb. It drinks a hair off dry, with medium-bodied fruit flavors and gritty tannins.', 'Chunky on the bouquet, with soft apple and melony aromas. Feels fleshy, round and a bit chunky, with white pepper, fresh-picked asparagus and melony flavors. Feels just tangy enough on the finish. Well made for under $10. END
START HERE Made from 60% Syrah and 40% Merlot, this wine offers aromas of cigar box, toffee, red apple and herb. It drinks a hair off dry, with medium-bodied fruit flavors and gritty tannins.', 'Chunky on the bouquet, with soft apple and melony aromas. Feels fleshy, round and a bit chunky, with white pepper, fresh-picked asparagus and melony flavors. Feels just tangy enough on the finish. Well made for under $10.', 'Saline, apple and not much else create an innocuous bouquet. The palate is short and lemony, with tangy acidity and stalky flavors of lemon and pineapple. Burns a little on the finish, which tastes stemmy. END
START HERE Chunky on the bouquet, with soft apple and melony aromas. Feels fleshy, round and a bit chunky, with white pepper, fresh-picked asparagus and melony flavors. Feels just tangy enough on the finish. Well made for under $10.', 'Saline, apple and not much else create an innocuous bouquet. The palate is short and lemony, with tangy acidity and stalky flavors of lemon and pineapple. Burns a little on the finish, which tastes stemmy.', "Big, dark, earthy and rubbery, with hefty black fruit on the nose and palate. A generous wine with toasty blackberry, cassis and a sprinkle of chocolate, and then a smooth finish. Among value-priced wines from anywhere in the world this is more than one should expect. It's really a nice Cab. END
START HERE Saline, apple and not much else create an innocuous bouquet. The palate is short and lemony, with tangy acidity and stalky flavors of lemon and pineapple. Burns a little on the finish, which tastes stemmy.', "Big, dark, earthy and rubbery, with hefty black fruit on the nose and palate. A generous wine with toasty blackberry, cassis and a sprinkle of chocolate, and then a smooth finish. Among value-priced wines from anywhere in the world this is more than one should expect. It's really a nice Cab.", 'This wine has aromas of black plum, freshly baked pie crust, dried lavender and a touch of menthol in the nose and flavors of sweet cherry and red raspberry in the mouth. END
START HERE Big, dark, earthy and rubbery, with hefty black fruit on the nose and palate. A generous wine with toasty blackberry, cassis and a sprinkle of chocolate, and then a smooth finish. Among value-priced wines from anywhere in the world this is more than one should expect. It's really a nice Cab.", 'This wine has aromas of black plum, freshly baked pie crust, dried lavender and a touch of menthol in the nose and flavors of sweet cherry and red raspberry in the mouth.', "There's a vegetal, tinned nature to this late harvest Riesling from Romania that dominates both the nose and the palate. Honeyed apple and pear flavors peek through the off-dry palate, but overall, it's a disjointed, tired wine with bracingly high acidity. END
START HERE This wine has aromas of black plum, freshly baked pie crust, dried lavender and a touch of menthol in the nose and flavors of sweet cherry and red raspberry in the mouth.', "There's a vegetal, tinned nature to this late harvest Riesling from Romania that dominates both the nose and the palate. Honeyed apple and pear flavors peek through the off-dry palate, but overall, it's a disjointed, tired wine with bracingly high acidity.", 'Made in the popular style, with sweetened vanilla cream and orange butterscotch flavors. END
START HERE There's a vegetal, tinned nature to this late harvest Riesling from Romania that dominates both the nose and the palate. Honeyed apple and pear flavors peek through the off-dry palate, but overall, it's a disjointed, tired wine with bracingly high acidity.", 'Made in the popular style, with sweetened vanilla cream and orange butterscotch flavors.', "Though pleasant aromatically with lots of freshly cut grass and gooseberry notes, this full-bodied, dry Bulgarian Sauvignon Blanc has a dense, clunky mouthfeel and a bracingly high acidity. There's some decent lemon and grapefruit flavors, but plenty of tinned green asparagus as well. END
START HERE Made in the popular style, with sweetened vanilla cream and orange butterscotch flavors.', "Though pleasant aromatically with lots of freshly cut grass and gooseberry notes, this full-bodied, dry Bulgarian Sauvignon Blanc has a dense, clunky mouthfeel and a bracingly high acidity. There's some decent lemon and grapefruit flavors, but plenty of tinned green asparagus as well.", 'One of the better examples in this category, this is crisp and clean. It has a hint of tannin and a green edge from the only just-ripe grapes. The strawberry flavor at the end does bring an attractive aftertaste. END
START HERE Though pleasant aromatically with lots of freshly cut grass and gooseberry notes, this full-bodied, dry Bulgarian Sauvignon Blanc has a dense, clunky mouthfeel and a bracingly high acidity. There's some decent lemon and grapefruit flavors, but plenty of tinned green asparagus as well.", 'One of the better examples in this category, this is crisp and clean. It has a hint of tannin and a green edge from the only just-ripe grapes. The strawberry flavor at the end does bring an attractive aftertaste.', "A raw-edged wine, with dusty tannins and blackberry fruits and sawdust wood flavors that don't quite gel, and some green asparagus flavors to finish. END
START HERE One of the better examples in this category, this is crisp and clean. It has a hint of tannin and a green edge from the only just-ripe grapes. The strawberry flavor at the end does bring an attractive aftertaste.', "A raw-edged wine, with dusty tannins and blackberry fruits and sawdust wood flavors that don't quite gel, and some green asparagus flavors to finish.", 'This caramel-flavored, lightly pink wine is soft and full in the mouth, with a light touch of tannin in the background. Drink now. END
START HERE A raw-edged wine, with dusty tannins and blackberry fruits and sawdust wood flavors that don't quite gel, and some green asparagus flavors to finish.", 'This caramel-flavored, lightly pink wine is soft and full in the mouth, with a light touch of tannin in the background. Drink now.', 'The aromas of lime leaf and peach are bright and appealing. It drinks medium sweet with a finish that lingers. END
START HERE This caramel-flavored, lightly pink wine is soft and full in the mouth, with a light touch of tannin in the background. Drink now.', 'The aromas of lime leaf and peach are bright and appealing. It drinks medium sweet with a finish that lingers.', 'Robertson has managed to create a solid, appealing Chardonnay at an excellent price. This one has a big nose of fresh fruit and orange citrus, and on the palate, assertive fruit and toast. Not terribly complex but definitely robust and flavorful, this is an ideal everyday white. END
START HERE The aromas of lime leaf and peach are bright and appealing. It drinks medium sweet with a finish that lingers.', 'Robertson has managed to create a solid, appealing Chardonnay at an excellent price. This one has a big nose of fresh fruit and orange citrus, and on the palate, assertive fruit and toast. Not terribly complex but definitely robust and flavorful, this is an ideal everyday white.', 'While there are certainly tannins here, this wine is essentially about fruit. Stalky black currants and berries dominate this perfumed wine with its fresh acidity and crisp, clean aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE Robertson has managed to create a solid, appealing Chardonnay at an excellent price. This one has a big nose of fresh fruit and orange citrus, and on the palate, assertive fruit and toast. Not terribly complex but definitely robust and flavorful, this is an ideal everyday white.', 'While there are certainly tannins here, this wine is essentially about fruit. Stalky black currants and berries dominate this perfumed wine with its fresh acidity and crisp, clean aftertaste. Drink now.', 'Simple peach and melon aromas shine in this unoaked Chardonnay. A light-bodied palate holds apple and stone-fruit flavors before fading in to the short yet clean finish. END
START HERE While there are certainly tannins here, this wine is essentially about fruit. Stalky black currants and berries dominate this perfumed wine with its fresh acidity and crisp, clean aftertaste. Drink now.', 'Simple peach and melon aromas shine in this unoaked Chardonnay. A light-bodied palate holds apple and stone-fruit flavors before fading in to the short yet clean finish.', 'Pleasant and fairly clean for the price, with hazelnut, honey and a dusting of talcum powder on the nose. The palate is on the thin side, and that helps the wine stay fresh and manageable. And along the way the flavors of apple, kiwi and gooseberry are relaxed and easy. END
START HERE Simple peach and melon aromas shine in this unoaked Chardonnay. A light-bodied palate holds apple and stone-fruit flavors before fading in to the short yet clean finish.', 'Pleasant and fairly clean for the price, with hazelnut, honey and a dusting of talcum powder on the nose. The palate is on the thin side, and that helps the wine stay fresh and manageable. And along the way the flavors of apple, kiwi and gooseberry are relaxed and easy.', 'Tons of ripe, jammy blueberry, cherry and blackberry fruit in this delicious wine, with the most scrumptious caramel sweetness. Easy to like with almost anything calling for a fruity red wine. END
START HERE Pleasant and fairly clean for the price, with hazelnut, honey and a dusting of talcum powder on the nose. The palate is on the thin side, and that helps the wine stay fresh and manageable. And along the way the flavors of apple, kiwi and gooseberry are relaxed and easy.', 'Tons of ripe, jammy blueberry, cherry and blackberry fruit in this delicious wine, with the most scrumptious caramel sweetness. Easy to like with almost anything calling for a fruity red wine.', "Crisp and fresh with lively flavors of apple slices, clementine supremes, nectarine and a touch of honeysuckle. Lighter weight with good balance and a clean finish. The 2009 should be available, so drink up the '08 now. END
START HERE Tons of ripe, jammy blueberry, cherry and blackberry fruit in this delicious wine, with the most scrumptious caramel sweetness. Easy to like with almost anything calling for a fruity red wine.', "Crisp and fresh with lively flavors of apple slices, clementine supremes, nectarine and a touch of honeysuckle. Lighter weight with good balance and a clean finish. The 2009 should be available, so drink up the '08 now.", "A lovely off-dry Riesling that's crisply elegant. This is the kind of wine that shows why Riesling is experiencing an uptick. With apricot, citrus, vanilla and honeysuckle flavors, it's a great wine to drink with slightly sweet, spicy foods like Vietnamese, Thai, Burmese or Middle Eastern. END
START HERE Crisp and fresh with lively flavors of apple slices, clementine supremes, nectarine and a touch of honeysuckle. Lighter weight with good balance and a clean finish. The 2009 should be available, so drink up the '08 now.", "A lovely off-dry Riesling that's crisply elegant. This is the kind of wine that shows why Riesling is experiencing an uptick. With apricot, citrus, vanilla and honeysuckle flavors, it's a great wine to drink with slightly sweet, spicy foods like Vietnamese, Thai, Burmese or Middle Eastern.", 'This rusty, light-bodied Cab may be from the current vintage but it looks, smells and tastes like something left over from the past. The bouquet is raw, leathery and leafy, with few pleasantries. A dilute palate with dry, leathery cherry flavors is fresh and light, but strained. END
START HERE A lovely off-dry Riesling that's crisply elegant. This is the kind of wine that shows why Riesling is experiencing an uptick. With apricot, citrus, vanilla and honeysuckle flavors, it's a great wine to drink with slightly sweet, spicy foods like Vietnamese, Thai, Burmese or Middle Eastern.", 'This rusty, light-bodied Cab may be from the current vintage but it looks, smells and tastes like something left over from the past. The bouquet is raw, leathery and leafy, with few pleasantries. A dilute palate with dry, leathery cherry flavors is fresh and light, but strained.', "This is a simple, jammy wine, with fresh black cherry and cola flavors, highlighted with acidity. Made from Merlot, Zinfandel, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah, it's an approachable everyday sipper at an accessible price. END
START HERE This rusty, light-bodied Cab may be from the current vintage but it looks, smells and tastes like something left over from the past. The bouquet is raw, leathery and leafy, with few pleasantries. A dilute palate with dry, leathery cherry flavors is fresh and light, but strained.', "This is a simple, jammy wine, with fresh black cherry and cola flavors, highlighted with acidity. Made from Merlot, Zinfandel, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah, it's an approachable everyday sipper at an accessible price.", "Gritty and corny on the nose, and frankly it's almost acrid.  Bitter; the only fruit that comes up is banana. END
START HERE This is a simple, jammy wine, with fresh black cherry and cola flavors, highlighted with acidity. Made from Merlot, Zinfandel, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah, it's an approachable everyday sipper at an accessible price.", "Gritty and corny on the nose, and frankly it's almost acrid.  Bitter; the only fruit that comes up is banana.", 'A rose pink colored wine that is dry and with ripe fruit. Its acidity contrasts with the warm red-berry fruit and the edge of tannin. There is a peppery, crisp aftertaste. END
START HERE Gritty and corny on the nose, and frankly it's almost acrid.  Bitter; the only fruit that comes up is banana.", 'A rose pink colored wine that is dry and with ripe fruit. Its acidity contrasts with the warm red-berry fruit and the edge of tannin. There is a peppery, crisp aftertaste.', "This simple wine delivers a one-dimensional nose of wild berries and strawberries followed by very sweet flavors of candied cherry and blueberry jelly. If it didn't have alcohol, you could mistake it as a fruity soda pop for children. END
START HERE A rose pink colored wine that is dry and with ripe fruit. Its acidity contrasts with the warm red-berry fruit and the edge of tannin. There is a peppery, crisp aftertaste.', "This simple wine delivers a one-dimensional nose of wild berries and strawberries followed by very sweet flavors of candied cherry and blueberry jelly. If it didn't have alcohol, you could mistake it as a fruity soda pop for children.", 'Light, uncommitted aromas of pear and lemon lead to a modest palate that offers fleshy melon and pear flavors. Everything about this wine is mild, including the finish, which offers little besides vanilla and cream flavors. END
START HERE This simple wine delivers a one-dimensional nose of wild berries and strawberries followed by very sweet flavors of candied cherry and blueberry jelly. If it didn't have alcohol, you could mistake it as a fruity soda pop for children.", 'Light, uncommitted aromas of pear and lemon lead to a modest palate that offers fleshy melon and pear flavors. Everything about this wine is mild, including the finish, which offers little besides vanilla and cream flavors.', "Rose pink with a perfumed, confected aroma of strawberry jam and Love's Baby Soft perfume, this semisweet late harvest Merlot rosé from Romania is sugary and syrupy. END
START HERE Light, uncommitted aromas of pear and lemon lead to a modest palate that offers fleshy melon and pear flavors. Everything about this wine is mild, including the finish, which offers little besides vanilla and cream flavors.', "Rose pink with a perfumed, confected aroma of strawberry jam and Love's Baby Soft perfume, this semisweet late harvest Merlot rosé from Romania is sugary and syrupy.", 'The Perrin family, with its long tradition of winemaking, consistently turn out delicious bargain-priced wines from the Côtes du Ventoux. This rosé blends cherries and chocolate with citrus and even touches of minerality and length rare in a $9 wine. Drink now. END
START HERE Rose pink with a perfumed, confected aroma of strawberry jam and Love's Baby Soft perfume, this semisweet late harvest Merlot rosé from Romania is sugary and syrupy.", 'The Perrin family, with its long tradition of winemaking, consistently turn out delicious bargain-priced wines from the Côtes du Ventoux. This rosé blends cherries and chocolate with citrus and even touches of minerality and length rare in a $9 wine. Drink now.', 'Simple, sweet-tasting and slightly candied, this bouncy drink is best served slightly chilled. Think of it as an introduction to wine—something to explore after white Zinfandel. —J.C. END
START HERE The Perrin family, with its long tradition of winemaking, consistently turn out delicious bargain-priced wines from the Côtes du Ventoux. This rosé blends cherries and chocolate with citrus and even touches of minerality and length rare in a $9 wine. Drink now.', 'Simple, sweet-tasting and slightly candied, this bouncy drink is best served slightly chilled. Think of it as an introduction to wine—something to explore after white Zinfandel. —J.C.', "Hogue is back as a value player. This is a fine effort, ripe enough to avoid the greenies, and showing some detail and cut to the tannins. There's nothing wimpy here; it's got some chewy red fruits backed with earthy tannins, acids proportionate, and a finish that's just under 14% alcohol. END
START HERE Simple, sweet-tasting and slightly candied, this bouncy drink is best served slightly chilled. Think of it as an introduction to wine—something to explore after white Zinfandel. —J.C.', "Hogue is back as a value player. This is a fine effort, ripe enough to avoid the greenies, and showing some detail and cut to the tannins. There's nothing wimpy here; it's got some chewy red fruits backed with earthy tannins, acids proportionate, and a finish that's just under 14% alcohol.", 'A wonderful nose mixes pineapple/tropical fruits, honeysuckle and some spicy herbs. The crisp and clean flavors are of green berries, melon and vanilla. Best Buy. END
START HERE Hogue is back as a value player. This is a fine effort, ripe enough to avoid the greenies, and showing some detail and cut to the tannins. There's nothing wimpy here; it's got some chewy red fruits backed with earthy tannins, acids proportionate, and a finish that's just under 14% alcohol.", 'A wonderful nose mixes pineapple/tropical fruits, honeysuckle and some spicy herbs. The crisp and clean flavors are of green berries, melon and vanilla. Best Buy.', "Stays true to its house style, with intensely grassy, herbal flavors of mint, citrus and hay. Extremely dry with bright acidity, it's a zesty clean wine, very refreshing and invigorating, and a good value. Best Buy.—S.H. END
START HERE A wonderful nose mixes pineapple/tropical fruits, honeysuckle and some spicy herbs. The crisp and clean flavors are of green berries, melon and vanilla. Best Buy.', "Stays true to its house style, with intensely grassy, herbal flavors of mint, citrus and hay. Extremely dry with bright acidity, it's a zesty clean wine, very refreshing and invigorating, and a good value. Best Buy.—S.H.", "Simple and slightly earthy, Covey's budget Cab is not as appealing as their Merlot, but it's a good effort nonetheless. Black cherry and cassis speak to the variety, and the stiff tannins suggest some staying power. —P.G. END
START HERE Stays true to its house style, with intensely grassy, herbal flavors of mint, citrus and hay. Extremely dry with bright acidity, it's a zesty clean wine, very refreshing and invigorating, and a good value. Best Buy.—S.H.", "Simple and slightly earthy, Covey's budget Cab is not as appealing as their Merlot, but it's a good effort nonetheless. Black cherry and cassis speak to the variety, and the stiff tannins suggest some staying power. —P.G.", 'If you want a crisp and clear Chardonnay, then you can do much worse than this cutting, fresh wine. Starts out with neutral pear and apple aromas, which are backed by pithy green melon and nectarine flavors. Fresh on the finish, with juicy acidity. Very straightforward. END
START HERE Simple and slightly earthy, Covey's budget Cab is not as appealing as their Merlot, but it's a good effort nonetheless. Black cherry and cassis speak to the variety, and the stiff tannins suggest some staying power. —P.G.", 'If you want a crisp and clear Chardonnay, then you can do much worse than this cutting, fresh wine. Starts out with neutral pear and apple aromas, which are backed by pithy green melon and nectarine flavors. Fresh on the finish, with juicy acidity. Very straightforward.', 'Easygoing and not too complex this straightforward Cabernet Sauvignon offers aromas and flavors of red cherry, plum and black currant. The finish is medium length with persistent soft tannins. END
START HERE If you want a crisp and clear Chardonnay, then you can do much worse than this cutting, fresh wine. Starts out with neutral pear and apple aromas, which are backed by pithy green melon and nectarine flavors. Fresh on the finish, with juicy acidity. Very straightforward.', 'Easygoing and not too complex this straightforward Cabernet Sauvignon offers aromas and flavors of red cherry, plum and black currant. The finish is medium length with persistent soft tannins.', 'Still dominated by wood and toast aromas, this wine is certainly too young to drink. The wood needs to smooth out and allow room for the fruit. It will age, with its fresh fruits and acidity, so drink from 2017. END
START HERE Easygoing and not too complex this straightforward Cabernet Sauvignon offers aromas and flavors of red cherry, plum and black currant. The finish is medium length with persistent soft tannins.', 'Still dominated by wood and toast aromas, this wine is certainly too young to drink. The wood needs to smooth out and allow room for the fruit. It will age, with its fresh fruits and acidity, so drink from 2017.', 'Tropical fruit and banana on the nose and palate are both exotic and unusual in this affordable Sauvignon Blanc, and a lively acidity adds to the appeal. A refreshing and fun everyday wine, pair this with ethnic food or salads. END
START HERE Still dominated by wood and toast aromas, this wine is certainly too young to drink. The wood needs to smooth out and allow room for the fruit. It will age, with its fresh fruits and acidity, so drink from 2017.', 'Tropical fruit and banana on the nose and palate are both exotic and unusual in this affordable Sauvignon Blanc, and a lively acidity adds to the appeal. A refreshing and fun everyday wine, pair this with ethnic food or salads.', "Dry and leafy in the Cru Bourgeois sense of Bordeaux. And that makes sense given that it's Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Tempranillo from a cool, tough vintage. While not vegetal, the wine is herbal and nervous, with leafy notes and burnt brown sugar flavors. END
START HERE Tropical fruit and banana on the nose and palate are both exotic and unusual in this affordable Sauvignon Blanc, and a lively acidity adds to the appeal. A refreshing and fun everyday wine, pair this with ethnic food or salads.', "Dry and leafy in the Cru Bourgeois sense of Bordeaux. And that makes sense given that it's Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Tempranillo from a cool, tough vintage. While not vegetal, the wine is herbal and nervous, with leafy notes and burnt brown sugar flavors.", "Despite coming from a universally hailed vintage, this generic Bordeaux is still weedy, herbal and lean. But it also has decent cassis and cherry fruit, some tasty vanilla and cinnamon notes from oak aging, and a tart, dry finish. It's light, but it hasn't been dumbed down for the mass market. END
START HERE Dry and leafy in the Cru Bourgeois sense of Bordeaux. And that makes sense given that it's Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Tempranillo from a cool, tough vintage. While not vegetal, the wine is herbal and nervous, with leafy notes and burnt brown sugar flavors.", "Despite coming from a universally hailed vintage, this generic Bordeaux is still weedy, herbal and lean. But it also has decent cassis and cherry fruit, some tasty vanilla and cinnamon notes from oak aging, and a tart, dry finish. It's light, but it hasn't been dumbed down for the mass market.", 'Dry, spicy and floral smelling, with modest herbal accents. The palate is saturated and fairly rich, with good texture and broad, satisfying flavors of berry and plum. Sturdy, consistent and fresh, with easy drinkability. END
START HERE Despite coming from a universally hailed vintage, this generic Bordeaux is still weedy, herbal and lean. But it also has decent cassis and cherry fruit, some tasty vanilla and cinnamon notes from oak aging, and a tart, dry finish. It's light, but it hasn't been dumbed down for the mass market.", 'Dry, spicy and floral smelling, with modest herbal accents. The palate is saturated and fairly rich, with good texture and broad, satisfying flavors of berry and plum. Sturdy, consistent and fresh, with easy drinkability.', 'There are some Chard elements in this rustic, countrified wine. The apple and peach flavors, with oaky vanilla overtones, are familiar. But itÕs a rough wine, with some odd, vegetal qualities. Satisfactory, if youÕre not very fussy. END
START HERE Dry, spicy and floral smelling, with modest herbal accents. The palate is saturated and fairly rich, with good texture and broad, satisfying flavors of berry and plum. Sturdy, consistent and fresh, with easy drinkability.', 'There are some Chard elements in this rustic, countrified wine. The apple and peach flavors, with oaky vanilla overtones, are familiar. But itÕs a rough wine, with some odd, vegetal qualities. Satisfactory, if youÕre not very fussy.', "A simple, everyday red that won't break the bank. The grapes tend to get a little baked this far inland, especially Merlot, which really needs just the right conditions to maintain delicacy and balance. As a result the dominant notes are earthy, with a slightly baked or raisiny quality. The tannins, needless to say, are soft, and the acidity is low. END
START HERE There are some Chard elements in this rustic, countrified wine. The apple and peach flavors, with oaky vanilla overtones, are familiar. But itÕs a rough wine, with some odd, vegetal qualities. Satisfactory, if youÕre not very fussy.', "A simple, everyday red that won't break the bank. The grapes tend to get a little baked this far inland, especially Merlot, which really needs just the right conditions to maintain delicacy and balance. As a result the dominant notes are earthy, with a slightly baked or raisiny quality. The tannins, needless to say, are soft, and the acidity is low.", 'This wine is firm, with dry, smoky tannins that underscore its rich black fruit, promising good aging potential. It will develop slowly and be ready to drink from 2021. END
START HERE A simple, everyday red that won't break the bank. The grapes tend to get a little baked this far inland, especially Merlot, which really needs just the right conditions to maintain delicacy and balance. As a result the dominant notes are earthy, with a slightly baked or raisiny quality. The tannins, needless to say, are soft, and the acidity is low.", 'This wine is firm, with dry, smoky tannins that underscore its rich black fruit, promising good aging potential. It will develop slowly and be ready to drink from 2021.', 'A whiff of cotton candy leads the nose to aromas of black raspberry, black currant and tobacco leaf. In the mouth, there are flavors of blackberry, black plum and smoked sausage before the persistent finish. END
START HERE This wine is firm, with dry, smoky tannins that underscore its rich black fruit, promising good aging potential. It will develop slowly and be ready to drink from 2021.', 'A whiff of cotton candy leads the nose to aromas of black raspberry, black currant and tobacco leaf. In the mouth, there are flavors of blackberry, black plum and smoked sausage before the persistent finish.', "A decent Chardonnay for the price, with pineapple fruit and hints of butter and cream. It's medium in body, with a slightly custardy mouthfeel and a short finish. Drink now. END
START HERE A whiff of cotton candy leads the nose to aromas of black raspberry, black currant and tobacco leaf. In the mouth, there are flavors of blackberry, black plum and smoked sausage before the persistent finish.', "A decent Chardonnay for the price, with pineapple fruit and hints of butter and cream. It's medium in body, with a slightly custardy mouthfeel and a short finish. Drink now.", 'This is dry and medium bodied, with flavors of hay, spice and sour cherry candy. Drink this rustic wine with simple fare, like burgers or pizza. END
START HERE A decent Chardonnay for the price, with pineapple fruit and hints of butter and cream. It's medium in body, with a slightly custardy mouthfeel and a short finish. Drink now.", 'This is dry and medium bodied, with flavors of hay, spice and sour cherry candy. Drink this rustic wine with simple fare, like burgers or pizza.', "You get your money's worth with this Cabernet. It's dry and richly textured, bearing flavors of blackberries, currants and prunes, with a seemingly sweet finish. END
START HERE This is dry and medium bodied, with flavors of hay, spice and sour cherry candy. Drink this rustic wine with simple fare, like burgers or pizza.', "You get your money's worth with this Cabernet. It's dry and richly textured, bearing flavors of blackberries, currants and prunes, with a seemingly sweet finish.", "A beautifully fragrant but not overpowering oak aroma wafts up from the glass. The same sort of sophisticated spicy element joins in the flavors along with vivid black cherry notes supported by firm acidity, moderate tannins and medium body. It's built like a classic, but it costs much less. END
START HERE You get your money's worth with this Cabernet. It's dry and richly textured, bearing flavors of blackberries, currants and prunes, with a seemingly sweet finish.", "A beautifully fragrant but not overpowering oak aroma wafts up from the glass. The same sort of sophisticated spicy element joins in the flavors along with vivid black cherry notes supported by firm acidity, moderate tannins and medium body. It's built like a classic, but it costs much less.", 'The aromas are meaty yet undefined. In the mouth, the fruit seems snappy and overly excited. The acidity is a bit out of control and it leads to questionable balance. Still the raspberry and cherry flavors are good, and the oak shadings seem about right. END
START HERE A beautifully fragrant but not overpowering oak aroma wafts up from the glass. The same sort of sophisticated spicy element joins in the flavors along with vivid black cherry notes supported by firm acidity, moderate tannins and medium body. It's built like a classic, but it costs much less.", 'The aromas are meaty yet undefined. In the mouth, the fruit seems snappy and overly excited. The acidity is a bit out of control and it leads to questionable balance. Still the raspberry and cherry flavors are good, and the oak shadings seem about right.', 'A soft and fruity wine, with raspberry and caramel flavors. It is attractively lightened by acidity and give a soft, off-dry aftertaste. END
START HERE The aromas are meaty yet undefined. In the mouth, the fruit seems snappy and overly excited. The acidity is a bit out of control and it leads to questionable balance. Still the raspberry and cherry flavors are good, and the oak shadings seem about right.', 'A soft and fruity wine, with raspberry and caramel flavors. It is attractively lightened by acidity and give a soft, off-dry aftertaste.', 'Hard, rubbery aromas fold in some tomato and cherry, while the palate is bland and fails to show much other than mildly green and lean berry flavors. Acceptable but more hollow, soupy and herbal than ideal. END
START HERE A soft and fruity wine, with raspberry and caramel flavors. It is attractively lightened by acidity and give a soft, off-dry aftertaste.', 'Hard, rubbery aromas fold in some tomato and cherry, while the palate is bland and fails to show much other than mildly green and lean berry flavors. Acceptable but more hollow, soupy and herbal than ideal.', "Aromas of cassis, underbrush and toast lead the nose on this simple but well-made red. The easy-drinking palate delivers black currant, raspberry, coffee and a toasted note alongside polished tannins. It's made to be enjoyed young so drink soon. END
START HERE Hard, rubbery aromas fold in some tomato and cherry, while the palate is bland and fails to show much other than mildly green and lean berry flavors. Acceptable but more hollow, soupy and herbal than ideal.', "Aromas of cassis, underbrush and toast lead the nose on this simple but well-made red. The easy-drinking palate delivers black currant, raspberry, coffee and a toasted note alongside polished tannins. It's made to be enjoyed young so drink soon.", 'Seems as though Estampa did well with its value-priced red wines in 2006. This Carmenère-Merlot blend is dark, sweet and nicely balanced. It gets the important things like tannins and acidity right, and then really pours on the ripeness of fruit. Delivers a lot for an under-$10 wine. END
START HERE Aromas of cassis, underbrush and toast lead the nose on this simple but well-made red. The easy-drinking palate delivers black currant, raspberry, coffee and a toasted note alongside polished tannins. It's made to be enjoyed young so drink soon.", 'Seems as though Estampa did well with its value-priced red wines in 2006. This Carmenère-Merlot blend is dark, sweet and nicely balanced. It gets the important things like tannins and acidity right, and then really pours on the ripeness of fruit. Delivers a lot for an under-$10 wine.', 'Broken-down aromas of haystack and sulfur are sketchy. This feels pinched, citric and rubbery, while salty sour flavors fail to suggest any particular fruit. As a whole, not much good is going on with this Chardonnay. END
START HERE Seems as though Estampa did well with its value-priced red wines in 2006. This Carmenère-Merlot blend is dark, sweet and nicely balanced. It gets the important things like tannins and acidity right, and then really pours on the ripeness of fruit. Delivers a lot for an under-$10 wine.', 'Broken-down aromas of haystack and sulfur are sketchy. This feels pinched, citric and rubbery, while salty sour flavors fail to suggest any particular fruit. As a whole, not much good is going on with this Chardonnay.', 'Defines a certain style of Sauvignon Blanc, namely the bone-dry, ultracrisp version whose firm structure frames a bright, zesty taste. The flavors are of lemons, limes, grapefruits, figs, white pepper and minerals, with a rich grassiness. This Loire-like wine is so versatile, you can have it with almost anything. END
START HERE Broken-down aromas of haystack and sulfur are sketchy. This feels pinched, citric and rubbery, while salty sour flavors fail to suggest any particular fruit. As a whole, not much good is going on with this Chardonnay.', 'Defines a certain style of Sauvignon Blanc, namely the bone-dry, ultracrisp version whose firm structure frames a bright, zesty taste. The flavors are of lemons, limes, grapefruits, figs, white pepper and minerals, with a rich grassiness. This Loire-like wine is so versatile, you can have it with almost anything.', 'Peach, melon and brown sugar aromas make for a pleasant and full bouquet. This is plump and healthy on the tongue, with fleshy peach tones that finish dusty, round and a touch sweet in flavor. Drink now. END
START HERE Defines a certain style of Sauvignon Blanc, namely the bone-dry, ultracrisp version whose firm structure frames a bright, zesty taste. The flavors are of lemons, limes, grapefruits, figs, white pepper and minerals, with a rich grassiness. This Loire-like wine is so versatile, you can have it with almost anything.', 'Peach, melon and brown sugar aromas make for a pleasant and full bouquet. This is plump and healthy on the tongue, with fleshy peach tones that finish dusty, round and a touch sweet in flavor. Drink now.', "A very nice Chardonnay for fans of the ripe, oaky style, at a great price. It's rich in pineapple, cream and vanilla flavors, with zesty acidity and a honeyed finish. END
START HERE Peach, melon and brown sugar aromas make for a pleasant and full bouquet. This is plump and healthy on the tongue, with fleshy peach tones that finish dusty, round and a touch sweet in flavor. Drink now.', "A very nice Chardonnay for fans of the ripe, oaky style, at a great price. It's rich in pineapple, cream and vanilla flavors, with zesty acidity and a honeyed finish.", 'This weakly constituted Cabernet opens with raisiny aromas. Those are backed by a chunky, low-acid palate with raisin and baked plum flavors. The finish tastes baked and feels rubbery. END
START HERE A very nice Chardonnay for fans of the ripe, oaky style, at a great price. It's rich in pineapple, cream and vanilla flavors, with zesty acidity and a honeyed finish.", 'This weakly constituted Cabernet opens with raisiny aromas. Those are backed by a chunky, low-acid palate with raisin and baked plum flavors. The finish tastes baked and feels rubbery.', 'This is a green Cabernet, no two ways of cutting it. The nose is all herbs and bell pepper, while in the mouth this feels ultradry and drawing. A buttery oak flavor is unintegrated and fails to help out underripe berry and pepper notes. END
START HERE This weakly constituted Cabernet opens with raisiny aromas. Those are backed by a chunky, low-acid palate with raisin and baked plum flavors. The finish tastes baked and feels rubbery.', 'This is a green Cabernet, no two ways of cutting it. The nose is all herbs and bell pepper, while in the mouth this feels ultradry and drawing. A buttery oak flavor is unintegrated and fails to help out underripe berry and pepper notes.', "Aromas of mocha, tire rubber, herbs and blue fruit aren't entirely in sync. They lead to a palate with soft, fleshy fruit flavors and a light structure trying to hold it all together. END
START HERE This is a green Cabernet, no two ways of cutting it. The nose is all herbs and bell pepper, while in the mouth this feels ultradry and drawing. A buttery oak flavor is unintegrated and fails to help out underripe berry and pepper notes.', "Aromas of mocha, tire rubber, herbs and blue fruit aren't entirely in sync. They lead to a palate with soft, fleshy fruit flavors and a light structure trying to hold it all together.", "Firm and crusty Syrah, with aromas of bacon, char, shoe polish and black fruit. It's angular on the palate, with a tight, lean mouthfeel along with lemony fruit and a broad brush of resin. And that's the way it finishes, too. Woody for a wine in this price range. END
START HERE Aromas of mocha, tire rubber, herbs and blue fruit aren't entirely in sync. They lead to a palate with soft, fleshy fruit flavors and a light structure trying to hold it all together.", "Firm and crusty Syrah, with aromas of bacon, char, shoe polish and black fruit. It's angular on the palate, with a tight, lean mouthfeel along with lemony fruit and a broad brush of resin. And that's the way it finishes, too. Woody for a wine in this price range.", "Slightly heavy and saucy, with a bit of cooked fruit and lemony oak to the nose. But it's not over-the-top baked or overoaked, so there's still some black-fruit quality to mine as well as decent chocolate and mocha on the finish. Hardly elegant, but by the same token it's not wanting for gusto. END
START HERE Firm and crusty Syrah, with aromas of bacon, char, shoe polish and black fruit. It's angular on the palate, with a tight, lean mouthfeel along with lemony fruit and a broad brush of resin. And that's the way it finishes, too. Woody for a wine in this price range.", "Slightly heavy and saucy, with a bit of cooked fruit and lemony oak to the nose. But it's not over-the-top baked or overoaked, so there's still some black-fruit quality to mine as well as decent chocolate and mocha on the finish. Hardly elegant, but by the same token it's not wanting for gusto.", 'Pink in color, this has fresh, clean aromas of stone fruits. Feels medium to full, with red licorice, sweet baking-spice and raspberry flavors. Quick, round and solid on the finish, which lingers for quite some time. A fine summer sipper. END
START HERE Slightly heavy and saucy, with a bit of cooked fruit and lemony oak to the nose. But it's not over-the-top baked or overoaked, so there's still some black-fruit quality to mine as well as decent chocolate and mocha on the finish. Hardly elegant, but by the same token it's not wanting for gusto.", 'Pink in color, this has fresh, clean aromas of stone fruits. Feels medium to full, with red licorice, sweet baking-spice and raspberry flavors. Quick, round and solid on the finish, which lingers for quite some time. A fine summer sipper.', 'This has aromas of white flowers, especially honeysuckle, and flavors of lemon custard, guava and lemon rind. The finish is rounded yet crisp. END
START HERE Pink in color, this has fresh, clean aromas of stone fruits. Feels medium to full, with red licorice, sweet baking-spice and raspberry flavors. Quick, round and solid on the finish, which lingers for quite some time. A fine summer sipper.', 'This has aromas of white flowers, especially honeysuckle, and flavors of lemon custard, guava and lemon rind. The finish is rounded yet crisp.', 'Saucy aromas of red plum and tomato are fresh but not overly ripe or fruity. This is also fresh on the palate, but somewhat lean. Slightly salty berry flavors are mildly spicy, while this maintains a theme of freshness and modest fruit on the finish. END
START HERE This has aromas of white flowers, especially honeysuckle, and flavors of lemon custard, guava and lemon rind. The finish is rounded yet crisp.', 'Saucy aromas of red plum and tomato are fresh but not overly ripe or fruity. This is also fresh on the palate, but somewhat lean. Slightly salty berry flavors are mildly spicy, while this maintains a theme of freshness and modest fruit on the finish.', 'Solidly structured, this features concentrated tannins and powerful, ripe fruits. It has weight, and its rich black fruits are layered with acidity. Age for at least three years. END
START HERE Saucy aromas of red plum and tomato are fresh but not overly ripe or fruity. This is also fresh on the palate, but somewhat lean. Slightly salty berry flavors are mildly spicy, while this maintains a theme of freshness and modest fruit on the finish.', 'Solidly structured, this features concentrated tannins and powerful, ripe fruits. It has weight, and its rich black fruits are layered with acidity. Age for at least three years.', "This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Merlot starts off a bit murky and brooding but then displays raspberry and plum fruit, and some big-time heft. A tad oaky and simple, but with grilled meats it should more than do the trick. If you like 'em big and a touch funky, get tattooed. END
START HERE Solidly structured, this features concentrated tannins and powerful, ripe fruits. It has weight, and its rich black fruits are layered with acidity. Age for at least three years.', "This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Merlot starts off a bit murky and brooding but then displays raspberry and plum fruit, and some big-time heft. A tad oaky and simple, but with grilled meats it should more than do the trick. If you like 'em big and a touch funky, get tattooed.", 'Wet and citrusy smelling, with a touch of toasty oak. Good and medium-bodied on the palate, with decent acidity and balance. Tastes like spiced apple and melon, with vanilla and mild woodspice on the finish. Well done for under $10. END
START HERE This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Merlot starts off a bit murky and brooding but then displays raspberry and plum fruit, and some big-time heft. A tad oaky and simple, but with grilled meats it should more than do the trick. If you like 'em big and a touch funky, get tattooed.", 'Wet and citrusy smelling, with a touch of toasty oak. Good and medium-bodied on the palate, with decent acidity and balance. Tastes like spiced apple and melon, with vanilla and mild woodspice on the finish. Well done for under $10.', 'Aromas of black plum, black cherry, green bramble and a touch of eucalyptus precede flavors of blackberry, raspberry and red plum. END
START HERE Wet and citrusy smelling, with a touch of toasty oak. Good and medium-bodied on the palate, with decent acidity and balance. Tastes like spiced apple and melon, with vanilla and mild woodspice on the finish. Well done for under $10.', 'Aromas of black plum, black cherry, green bramble and a touch of eucalyptus precede flavors of blackberry, raspberry and red plum.', "Apple juice aromas don't hold it together for long, and the palate is spritzy and acidic. Apple cider and a touch of vinegar and citrus are the flavors. Not the type of Chardonnay we can recommend. END
START HERE Aromas of black plum, black cherry, green bramble and a touch of eucalyptus precede flavors of blackberry, raspberry and red plum.', "Apple juice aromas don't hold it together for long, and the palate is spritzy and acidic. Apple cider and a touch of vinegar and citrus are the flavors. Not the type of Chardonnay we can recommend.", "This quaffer has a touch of sweetness and plump tropical-fruit flavors. It's not too serious but goes down easy. END
START HERE Apple juice aromas don't hold it together for long, and the palate is spritzy and acidic. Apple cider and a touch of vinegar and citrus are the flavors. Not the type of Chardonnay we can recommend.", "This quaffer has a touch of sweetness and plump tropical-fruit flavors. It's not too serious but goes down easy.", 'This yeasty funky Chardonnay is on its last legs. The mouthfeel is mealy and the flavors are dull, yeasty, generic and lightly oxidized on the finish. END
START HERE This quaffer has a touch of sweetness and plump tropical-fruit flavors. It's not too serious but goes down easy.", 'This yeasty funky Chardonnay is on its last legs. The mouthfeel is mealy and the flavors are dull, yeasty, generic and lightly oxidized on the finish.', 'Funky and sweet smelling, with odd fruit aromas and unfamiliar spice notes. The palate has a snappy, clacky feel and flavors of red fruits, citrus, herbs, tomato and oregano. Sharp on the finish, and overall it tastes like pizza. END
START HERE This yeasty funky Chardonnay is on its last legs. The mouthfeel is mealy and the flavors are dull, yeasty, generic and lightly oxidized on the finish.', 'Funky and sweet smelling, with odd fruit aromas and unfamiliar spice notes. The palate has a snappy, clacky feel and flavors of red fruits, citrus, herbs, tomato and oregano. Sharp on the finish, and overall it tastes like pizza.', 'Jammy plum and currant flavors turn roasted in the glass. Typical notes of plum and berry support a steady palate. END
START HERE Funky and sweet smelling, with odd fruit aromas and unfamiliar spice notes. The palate has a snappy, clacky feel and flavors of red fruits, citrus, herbs, tomato and oregano. Sharp on the finish, and overall it tastes like pizza.', 'Jammy plum and currant flavors turn roasted in the glass. Typical notes of plum and berry support a steady palate.', 'This smells confected—neither natural nor convincing. Vanilla and milk chocolate aromas recall a cheap ice cream sundae. This feels scattered and hollow. Plum and chocolate flavors taste artificial and forced. END
START HERE Jammy plum and currant flavors turn roasted in the glass. Typical notes of plum and berry support a steady palate.', 'This smells confected—neither natural nor convincing. Vanilla and milk chocolate aromas recall a cheap ice cream sundae. This feels scattered and hollow. Plum and chocolate flavors taste artificial and forced.', 'Very fruity, ripe-tasting and rounded, this medium-bodied wine is easy to swallow due to its low acidity and soft texture. Hints of butter and nutmeg add to the fresh apple flavors. END
START HERE This smells confected—neither natural nor convincing. Vanilla and milk chocolate aromas recall a cheap ice cream sundae. This feels scattered and hollow. Plum and chocolate flavors taste artificial and forced.', 'Very fruity, ripe-tasting and rounded, this medium-bodied wine is easy to swallow due to its low acidity and soft texture. Hints of butter and nutmeg add to the fresh apple flavors.', 'Aromas of potpourri, blackberry and sweet plum play off licorice, woodspice and tire rubber. The flavors are sweet with a good sense of concentration and balance. END
START HERE Very fruity, ripe-tasting and rounded, this medium-bodied wine is easy to swallow due to its low acidity and soft texture. Hints of butter and nutmeg add to the fresh apple flavors.', 'Aromas of potpourri, blackberry and sweet plum play off licorice, woodspice and tire rubber. The flavors are sweet with a good sense of concentration and balance.', "There's plenty of appeal to this well-priced wine with its aromas of flowers, pear and ice tea. It drinks off dry, with the flavor concentration lighter in style. END
START HERE Aromas of potpourri, blackberry and sweet plum play off licorice, woodspice and tire rubber. The flavors are sweet with a good sense of concentration and balance.', "There's plenty of appeal to this well-priced wine with its aromas of flowers, pear and ice tea. It drinks off dry, with the flavor concentration lighter in style.", "This is a good, sound, somewhat rustic wine that's fine for drinking now with, yes, spaghetti, with meatballs and a rich marinara sauce. The wine is dry and fruity, with sturdy tannins. Cabernet, Merlot, Zinfandel. END
START HERE There's plenty of appeal to this well-priced wine with its aromas of flowers, pear and ice tea. It drinks off dry, with the flavor concentration lighter in style.", "This is a good, sound, somewhat rustic wine that's fine for drinking now with, yes, spaghetti, with meatballs and a rich marinara sauce. The wine is dry and fruity, with sturdy tannins. Cabernet, Merlot, Zinfandel.", 'Sweet it is, but given the price it is good wine with mass appeal. Apple, pear and mellow citrus aromas and flavors feature zero funk or mealy character, and the finish offers a dab of butterscotch. Shows mild residual sugar but many consumers will like that. END
START HERE This is a good, sound, somewhat rustic wine that's fine for drinking now with, yes, spaghetti, with meatballs and a rich marinara sauce. The wine is dry and fruity, with sturdy tannins. Cabernet, Merlot, Zinfandel.", 'Sweet it is, but given the price it is good wine with mass appeal. Apple, pear and mellow citrus aromas and flavors feature zero funk or mealy character, and the finish offers a dab of butterscotch. Shows mild residual sugar but many consumers will like that.', 'Ruby red with garnet hues in color, this easy-drinking Merlot brings aromas of cherry, black berry and black raspberry on the nose. Tones of black plum and black cherry are ripe and persistent on the finish. END
START HERE Sweet it is, but given the price it is good wine with mass appeal. Apple, pear and mellow citrus aromas and flavors feature zero funk or mealy character, and the finish offers a dab of butterscotch. Shows mild residual sugar but many consumers will like that.', 'Ruby red with garnet hues in color, this easy-drinking Merlot brings aromas of cherry, black berry and black raspberry on the nose. Tones of black plum and black cherry are ripe and persistent on the finish.', 'A liquid tribute to old Mendocino, this wine is a blend of mostly Zinfandel and Petite Sirah, with smaller proportions of Sangiovese, Carignane, Negromaro, Barbera, Nebbiolo and Syrah. Medium bodied with spicy black pepper, leather and stewed plum flavors, it would go perfectly well with burgers or pizza. END
START HERE Ruby red with garnet hues in color, this easy-drinking Merlot brings aromas of cherry, black berry and black raspberry on the nose. Tones of black plum and black cherry are ripe and persistent on the finish.', 'A liquid tribute to old Mendocino, this wine is a blend of mostly Zinfandel and Petite Sirah, with smaller proportions of Sangiovese, Carignane, Negromaro, Barbera, Nebbiolo and Syrah. Medium bodied with spicy black pepper, leather and stewed plum flavors, it would go perfectly well with burgers or pizza.', "Aromas of lime and tropical fruits are clean and lean. This is lifted by citric acidity and spritz, while flavors of lime, green herbs and bell pepper are authentic. Beyond that, there's not much to this besides overriding freshness. END
START HERE A liquid tribute to old Mendocino, this wine is a blend of mostly Zinfandel and Petite Sirah, with smaller proportions of Sangiovese, Carignane, Negromaro, Barbera, Nebbiolo and Syrah. Medium bodied with spicy black pepper, leather and stewed plum flavors, it would go perfectly well with burgers or pizza.', "Aromas of lime and tropical fruits are clean and lean. This is lifted by citric acidity and spritz, while flavors of lime, green herbs and bell pepper are authentic. Beyond that, there's not much to this besides overriding freshness.", 'This full-bodied Chardonnay from the Abruzzo region of central Italy offers sun-drenched tones of mature peach and exotic fruit. The wine is dense and naturally creamy and would stand up to butter- and cream-based pasta dishes. END
START HERE Aromas of lime and tropical fruits are clean and lean. This is lifted by citric acidity and spritz, while flavors of lime, green herbs and bell pepper are authentic. Beyond that, there's not much to this besides overriding freshness.", 'This full-bodied Chardonnay from the Abruzzo region of central Italy offers sun-drenched tones of mature peach and exotic fruit. The wine is dense and naturally creamy and would stand up to butter- and cream-based pasta dishes.', 'Produced by the Cazes family of Château Lynch-Bages and Michel Lynch, this wine delivers quite a success from a difficult vintage. It is fresh and with plenty of acidity, balanced by the rounded red fruits and soft tannins. The wine is ready to drink. END
START HERE This full-bodied Chardonnay from the Abruzzo region of central Italy offers sun-drenched tones of mature peach and exotic fruit. The wine is dense and naturally creamy and would stand up to butter- and cream-based pasta dishes.', 'Produced by the Cazes family of Château Lynch-Bages and Michel Lynch, this wine delivers quite a success from a difficult vintage. It is fresh and with plenty of acidity, balanced by the rounded red fruits and soft tannins. The wine is ready to drink.', 'Aromas of grapefruit skins and iodine open this wine A flat palate and baked red-fruit flavors with bitterness end full and grabby. END
START HERE Produced by the Cazes family of Château Lynch-Bages and Michel Lynch, this wine delivers quite a success from a difficult vintage. It is fresh and with plenty of acidity, balanced by the rounded red fruits and soft tannins. The wine is ready to drink.', 'Aromas of grapefruit skins and iodine open this wine A flat palate and baked red-fruit flavors with bitterness end full and grabby.', "A solid, all-purpose wine, this has some toast and vanilla components, along with straightforward fruit that hints at green apple. There's a little spice and butter in the aromas also. END
START HERE Aromas of grapefruit skins and iodine open this wine A flat palate and baked red-fruit flavors with bitterness end full and grabby.', "A solid, all-purpose wine, this has some toast and vanilla components, along with straightforward fruit that hints at green apple. There's a little spice and butter in the aromas also.", 'Fresh and straightforward on the nose, with tropical fruit aromas. The palate is pulpy but good, with flavors of fruit punch and melon. Turns a little sweet and pithy on the finish, but holds it together. Perfectly good for the price. END
START HERE A solid, all-purpose wine, this has some toast and vanilla components, along with straightforward fruit that hints at green apple. There's a little spice and butter in the aromas also.", 'Fresh and straightforward on the nose, with tropical fruit aromas. The palate is pulpy but good, with flavors of fruit punch and melon. Turns a little sweet and pithy on the finish, but holds it together. Perfectly good for the price.', 'This ripe, fruity blend of Touriga Nacional and Alfrocheiro is zesty and lightly spicy, with a warm, ripe character. The strawberry fruit is laced with acidity, allowing the smooth texture to shine. Drink now. END
START HERE Fresh and straightforward on the nose, with tropical fruit aromas. The palate is pulpy but good, with flavors of fruit punch and melon. Turns a little sweet and pithy on the finish, but holds it together. Perfectly good for the price.', 'This ripe, fruity blend of Touriga Nacional and Alfrocheiro is zesty and lightly spicy, with a warm, ripe character. The strawberry fruit is laced with acidity, allowing the smooth texture to shine. Drink now.', "This is a light and soft selection, with an upfront gamy note that's framed by soft strawberry, rhubarb, red cherry and currant fruit tones on the nose and mouth. Overall, it's short and direct; drink up. END
START HERE This ripe, fruity blend of Touriga Nacional and Alfrocheiro is zesty and lightly spicy, with a warm, ripe character. The strawberry fruit is laced with acidity, allowing the smooth texture to shine. Drink now.', "This is a light and soft selection, with an upfront gamy note that's framed by soft strawberry, rhubarb, red cherry and currant fruit tones on the nose and mouth. Overall, it's short and direct; drink up.", "Crisp and fruity are apt words to describe this bright, refreshing wine. Off dry in style, it's juicy in sweet white-grapefruit flavor accented by zesty acidity and a polished, mineral warmth on the finish. END
START HERE This is a light and soft selection, with an upfront gamy note that's framed by soft strawberry, rhubarb, red cherry and currant fruit tones on the nose and mouth. Overall, it's short and direct; drink up.", "Crisp and fruity are apt words to describe this bright, refreshing wine. Off dry in style, it's juicy in sweet white-grapefruit flavor accented by zesty acidity and a polished, mineral warmth on the finish.", "Ripe peach nectar and apricot fuel the rather simple bouquet of this one-dimensional Chardonnay. There's a distant touch of freshness on the otherwise waxy finish. END
START HERE Crisp and fruity are apt words to describe this bright, refreshing wine. Off dry in style, it's juicy in sweet white-grapefruit flavor accented by zesty acidity and a polished, mineral warmth on the finish.", "Ripe peach nectar and apricot fuel the rather simple bouquet of this one-dimensional Chardonnay. There's a distant touch of freshness on the otherwise waxy finish.", 'Earthy scents of feneel and pepper lead this distinctive Merlot from Thorntree. Young but accessible, the wine offers an appealing blend of berry, spice and dried herbs on the palate. Coluild benefit from some aging, but will pair well with duck and grilled meats. END
START HERE Ripe peach nectar and apricot fuel the rather simple bouquet of this one-dimensional Chardonnay. There's a distant touch of freshness on the otherwise waxy finish.", 'Earthy scents of feneel and pepper lead this distinctive Merlot from Thorntree. Young but accessible, the wine offers an appealing blend of berry, spice and dried herbs on the palate. Coluild benefit from some aging, but will pair well with duck and grilled meats.', 'Peppery, raw aromas sport dry red-fruit notes. This is good in a modest, easy way. Simple, lightweight plum and currant flavors finish lean and snappy. END
START HERE Earthy scents of feneel and pepper lead this distinctive Merlot from Thorntree. Young but accessible, the wine offers an appealing blend of berry, spice and dried herbs on the palate. Coluild benefit from some aging, but will pair well with duck and grilled meats.', 'Peppery, raw aromas sport dry red-fruit notes. This is good in a modest, easy way. Simple, lightweight plum and currant flavors finish lean and snappy.', 'Affordable and friendly, this refreshing wine offers strawberry jam and orange marmalade on the nose and a mineral-driven flavor profile. The fruit is overtaken by the acidity to some extent, but the wine still makes for a tasty warm weather sip. END
START HERE Peppery, raw aromas sport dry red-fruit notes. This is good in a modest, easy way. Simple, lightweight plum and currant flavors finish lean and snappy.', 'Affordable and friendly, this refreshing wine offers strawberry jam and orange marmalade on the nose and a mineral-driven flavor profile. The fruit is overtaken by the acidity to some extent, but the wine still makes for a tasty warm weather sip.', 'Rubbery aromas and a pasty note are on equal footing with plum and cherry scents. This is choppy and mildly astringent in feel, with narrow plum and raspberry flavors that finish quick and with pinching tannins. END
START HERE Affordable and friendly, this refreshing wine offers strawberry jam and orange marmalade on the nose and a mineral-driven flavor profile. The fruit is overtaken by the acidity to some extent, but the wine still makes for a tasty warm weather sip.', 'Rubbery aromas and a pasty note are on equal footing with plum and cherry scents. This is choppy and mildly astringent in feel, with narrow plum and raspberry flavors that finish quick and with pinching tannins.', "Fetzer's done a nice job at making a dry, crisp Sauvignon Blanc that's easy to drink on its own, or to pair with a wide variety of food. The lemon and lime, grapefruit, fig, vanilla and pepper flavors are zesty and clean. END
START HERE Rubbery aromas and a pasty note are on equal footing with plum and cherry scents. This is choppy and mildly astringent in feel, with narrow plum and raspberry flavors that finish quick and with pinching tannins.', "Fetzer's done a nice job at making a dry, crisp Sauvignon Blanc that's easy to drink on its own, or to pair with a wide variety of food. The lemon and lime, grapefruit, fig, vanilla and pepper flavors are zesty and clean.", "Bogle's knack for producing value wines shows again in this crisp, flavorful Riesling. It's a little sweet, with orange, mango and vanilla flavors balanced by zesty acidity. END
START HERE Fetzer's done a nice job at making a dry, crisp Sauvignon Blanc that's easy to drink on its own, or to pair with a wide variety of food. The lemon and lime, grapefruit, fig, vanilla and pepper flavors are zesty and clean.", "Bogle's knack for producing value wines shows again in this crisp, flavorful Riesling. It's a little sweet, with orange, mango and vanilla flavors balanced by zesty acidity.", "Straightforward apple and lemon flavors are bright and fresh on this zesty off-dry Riesling. It's not deeply concentrated but subtle honey sweetness lingers nicely. Drink now. END
START HERE Bogle's knack for producing value wines shows again in this crisp, flavorful Riesling. It's a little sweet, with orange, mango and vanilla flavors balanced by zesty acidity.", "Straightforward apple and lemon flavors are bright and fresh on this zesty off-dry Riesling. It's not deeply concentrated but subtle honey sweetness lingers nicely. Drink now.", 'Delicate aromas of red apple and dried grass tease on the nose of this soft wine, while slightly more assertive flavors of lime and white melon rind unfold on the medium-weight mouth. Ample acidity keeps the finish fresh, but short. END
START HERE Straightforward apple and lemon flavors are bright and fresh on this zesty off-dry Riesling. It's not deeply concentrated but subtle honey sweetness lingers nicely. Drink now.", 'Delicate aromas of red apple and dried grass tease on the nose of this soft wine, while slightly more assertive flavors of lime and white melon rind unfold on the medium-weight mouth. Ample acidity keeps the finish fresh, but short.', 'An everyday Chardonnay, useful for a wide variety of purposes. Shows a creamy texture with flavors of apricots and citrus. END
START HERE Delicate aromas of red apple and dried grass tease on the nose of this soft wine, while slightly more assertive flavors of lime and white melon rind unfold on the medium-weight mouth. Ample acidity keeps the finish fresh, but short.', 'An everyday Chardonnay, useful for a wide variety of purposes. Shows a creamy texture with flavors of apricots and citrus.', 'A mild aromatic note of corn goes alongside basic pineapple, pear and green apple on the nose. The flavors of melon, apple and pear are standard and delivered in conformed, pedestrian style. And the finish has some girth and substance. Very ordinary but successful in achieving its assumed mass-appeal goals. –M.S. END
START HERE An everyday Chardonnay, useful for a wide variety of purposes. Shows a creamy texture with flavors of apricots and citrus.', 'A mild aromatic note of corn goes alongside basic pineapple, pear and green apple on the nose. The flavors of melon, apple and pear are standard and delivered in conformed, pedestrian style. And the finish has some girth and substance. Very ordinary but successful in achieving its assumed mass-appeal goals. –M.S.', "This lighter-style Cab offers berry-fruit and black-tea flavors, and nut and oak finish. It's an easy quaffer, but nothing to mull over. END
START HERE A mild aromatic note of corn goes alongside basic pineapple, pear and green apple on the nose. The flavors of melon, apple and pear are standard and delivered in conformed, pedestrian style. And the finish has some girth and substance. Very ordinary but successful in achieving its assumed mass-appeal goals. –M.S.', "This lighter-style Cab offers berry-fruit and black-tea flavors, and nut and oak finish. It's an easy quaffer, but nothing to mull over.", 'Melon, Animal Cracker and tropical fruit aromas lead to a plump but solidly fresh palate. A mix of stone-fruit and pink-grapefruit flavors is chiseled, and tastes a touch peppery on the finish. END
START HERE This lighter-style Cab offers berry-fruit and black-tea flavors, and nut and oak finish. It's an easy quaffer, but nothing to mull over.", 'Melon, Animal Cracker and tropical fruit aromas lead to a plump but solidly fresh palate. A mix of stone-fruit and pink-grapefruit flavors is chiseled, and tastes a touch peppery on the finish.', "The leading Bergerac brand is made by Bordeaux négotiant Yvon Mau. It's soft with easy tannins and some blackberry fruit flavors. Ready to drink now, showing some good ripeness. END
START HERE Melon, Animal Cracker and tropical fruit aromas lead to a plump but solidly fresh palate. A mix of stone-fruit and pink-grapefruit flavors is chiseled, and tastes a touch peppery on the finish.', "The leading Bergerac brand is made by Bordeaux négotiant Yvon Mau. It's soft with easy tannins and some blackberry fruit flavors. Ready to drink now, showing some good ripeness.", "Hooray for Novy for producing this fine, inexpensive wine and for putting their name proudly on it, instead of hiding behind a second label. It's dry and crisp and totally drinkable, with pleasant berry, cherry and spice flavors. END
START HERE The leading Bergerac brand is made by Bordeaux négotiant Yvon Mau. It's soft with easy tannins and some blackberry fruit flavors. Ready to drink now, showing some good ripeness.", "Hooray for Novy for producing this fine, inexpensive wine and for putting their name proudly on it, instead of hiding behind a second label. It's dry and crisp and totally drinkable, with pleasant berry, cherry and spice flavors.", "This global brand has a hit in Mendoza. The '06 Malbec is lively and made right, with hickory and charred steak aromas mixing nicely with the blueberry and blackberry character in the wine. It's a darn good New World red for not much cash, and it should hold up well for at least a couple of years. END
START HERE Hooray for Novy for producing this fine, inexpensive wine and for putting their name proudly on it, instead of hiding behind a second label. It's dry and crisp and totally drinkable, with pleasant berry, cherry and spice flavors.", "This global brand has a hit in Mendoza. The '06 Malbec is lively and made right, with hickory and charred steak aromas mixing nicely with the blueberry and blackberry character in the wine. It's a darn good New World red for not much cash, and it should hold up well for at least a couple of years.", 'Sangiovese (75%) and Merlot make for a plain and simple red blend with wild berry and fresh blueberry aromas. Beyond those notes, the wine is short lived and fresh. END
START HERE This global brand has a hit in Mendoza. The '06 Malbec is lively and made right, with hickory and charred steak aromas mixing nicely with the blueberry and blackberry character in the wine. It's a darn good New World red for not much cash, and it should hold up well for at least a couple of years.", 'Sangiovese (75%) and Merlot make for a plain and simple red blend with wild berry and fresh blueberry aromas. Beyond those notes, the wine is short lived and fresh.', 'A perfumed wine that is soft and fruity. It has a fresh, tangy character that makes it very refreshing and crisp.Think of this as an apéritif rosé, bright and light. END
START HERE Sangiovese (75%) and Merlot make for a plain and simple red blend with wild berry and fresh blueberry aromas. Beyond those notes, the wine is short lived and fresh.', 'A perfumed wine that is soft and fruity. It has a fresh, tangy character that makes it very refreshing and crisp.Think of this as an apéritif rosé, bright and light.', "Floral scents of carnation, baby's breath and garrigue abound on the nose of this bright rosé. Notes of small red cherry and berry ground the herbal character, while pure, citrusy acidity enlivens the palate. Drink this direct but attractive gem now. END
START HERE A perfumed wine that is soft and fruity. It has a fresh, tangy character that makes it very refreshing and crisp.Think of this as an apéritif rosé, bright and light.', "Floral scents of carnation, baby's breath and garrigue abound on the nose of this bright rosé. Notes of small red cherry and berry ground the herbal character, while pure, citrusy acidity enlivens the palate. Drink this direct but attractive gem now.", "A marvelous effort in a difficult year, this textbook Washington Riesling is bursting with apricot and peach goodness. Round and polished, it's long and textured, with an excellent wash of minerality. END
START HERE Floral scents of carnation, baby's breath and garrigue abound on the nose of this bright rosé. Notes of small red cherry and berry ground the herbal character, while pure, citrusy acidity enlivens the palate. Drink this direct but attractive gem now.", "A marvelous effort in a difficult year, this textbook Washington Riesling is bursting with apricot and peach goodness. Round and polished, it's long and textured, with an excellent wash of minerality.", 'This opens with lightly perfumed red-fruit aromas of raspberry and plum, with a bright palate that shows mostly red plum, raspberry and cherry flavors. This is a basic, clean wine comprised of 75% Garnacha and 25% Tempranillo. END
START HERE A marvelous effort in a difficult year, this textbook Washington Riesling is bursting with apricot and peach goodness. Round and polished, it's long and textured, with an excellent wash of minerality.", 'This opens with lightly perfumed red-fruit aromas of raspberry and plum, with a bright palate that shows mostly red plum, raspberry and cherry flavors. This is a basic, clean wine comprised of 75% Garnacha and 25% Tempranillo.', "A musky perfume accents fresh lemon and tangerine aromas on this off-dry wine. It's ripe and rich on the palate with flavors of quince and yellow peach. Zesty with lime, it finishes moderately long with a hint of savory herbs. END
START HERE This opens with lightly perfumed red-fruit aromas of raspberry and plum, with a bright palate that shows mostly red plum, raspberry and cherry flavors. This is a basic, clean wine comprised of 75% Garnacha and 25% Tempranillo.', "A musky perfume accents fresh lemon and tangerine aromas on this off-dry wine. It's ripe and rich on the palate with flavors of quince and yellow peach. Zesty with lime, it finishes moderately long with a hint of savory herbs.", "This old-school winery sticks to tradition, so if this new-release Merlot seems older than it is, that's by intention. The color is light, and the wine already carries fading edges. The nose is earthy and the flavors are spicy. END
START HERE A musky perfume accents fresh lemon and tangerine aromas on this off-dry wine. It's ripe and rich on the palate with flavors of quince and yellow peach. Zesty with lime, it finishes moderately long with a hint of savory herbs.", "This old-school winery sticks to tradition, so if this new-release Merlot seems older than it is, that's by intention. The color is light, and the wine already carries fading edges. The nose is earthy and the flavors are spicy.", 'A dry, thin, modest Cabernet, the kind you drink in a paper cup at big parties. The host serves it, and you drink with the food. END
START HERE This old-school winery sticks to tradition, so if this new-release Merlot seems older than it is, that's by intention. The color is light, and the wine already carries fading edges. The nose is earthy and the flavors are spicy.", 'A dry, thin, modest Cabernet, the kind you drink in a paper cup at big parties. The host serves it, and you drink with the food.', "Pristine flavors of cassis and black cherry give an elegant floral quality to this dry, full-bodied Cabernet. Crisp with acidity, it's balanced and impeccably crafted. It finishes long on a delicious coffee-inflected note. END
START HERE A dry, thin, modest Cabernet, the kind you drink in a paper cup at big parties. The host serves it, and you drink with the food.', "Pristine flavors of cassis and black cherry give an elegant floral quality to this dry, full-bodied Cabernet. Crisp with acidity, it's balanced and impeccably crafted. It finishes long on a delicious coffee-inflected note.", "Seems old due to mild vegetal aromas infiltrating the wine's core aromas of banana, vanilla and melon. Still zesty in feel despite 2011 being the current vintage; tastes of mature orange, grapefruit and pith, with lime on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Pristine flavors of cassis and black cherry give an elegant floral quality to this dry, full-bodied Cabernet. Crisp with acidity, it's balanced and impeccably crafted. It finishes long on a delicious coffee-inflected note.", "Seems old due to mild vegetal aromas infiltrating the wine's core aromas of banana, vanilla and melon. Still zesty in feel despite 2011 being the current vintage; tastes of mature orange, grapefruit and pith, with lime on the finish. Drink now.", "A sweet-smelling wine with notes of overripe pear, pineapple and jasmine. It also drinks quite sweet (26g/L residual sugar) but doesn't have the acid or flavor concentration to match. END
START HERE Seems old due to mild vegetal aromas infiltrating the wine's core aromas of banana, vanilla and melon. Still zesty in feel despite 2011 being the current vintage; tastes of mature orange, grapefruit and pith, with lime on the finish. Drink now.", "A sweet-smelling wine with notes of overripe pear, pineapple and jasmine. It also drinks quite sweet (26g/L residual sugar) but doesn't have the acid or flavor concentration to match.", "Light in kick, with mealy white-fruit aromas. Feels wet but doesn't sport much texture or complexity, while the flavors are neither here nor there as the palate settles on stalky peach. Finishes with bitterness. END
START HERE A sweet-smelling wine with notes of overripe pear, pineapple and jasmine. It also drinks quite sweet (26g/L residual sugar) but doesn't have the acid or flavor concentration to match.", "Light in kick, with mealy white-fruit aromas. Feels wet but doesn't sport much texture or complexity, while the flavors are neither here nor there as the palate settles on stalky peach. Finishes with bitterness.", "Light, fruity wine, hinting at strawberries, along with a vanilla touch from the Merlot in the blend. It's crisp and ready to drink. END
START HERE Light in kick, with mealy white-fruit aromas. Feels wet but doesn't sport much texture or complexity, while the flavors are neither here nor there as the palate settles on stalky peach. Finishes with bitterness.", "Light, fruity wine, hinting at strawberries, along with a vanilla touch from the Merlot in the blend. It's crisp and ready to drink.", 'This is a pale colored, attractively perfumed wine. With red berry fruit flavors, bright acidity and a lively orange zest texture, it is fruity and ready to drink. END
START HERE Light, fruity wine, hinting at strawberries, along with a vanilla touch from the Merlot in the blend. It's crisp and ready to drink.", 'This is a pale colored, attractively perfumed wine. With red berry fruit flavors, bright acidity and a lively orange zest texture, it is fruity and ready to drink.', 'As sweet as a dessert wine, with simple pineapple jam flavors. END
START HERE This is a pale colored, attractively perfumed wine. With red berry fruit flavors, bright acidity and a lively orange zest texture, it is fruity and ready to drink.', 'As sweet as a dessert wine, with simple pineapple jam flavors.', 'With all the freshness given by the Négrette, this is a red fruit dominated wine, its acidity ripe, touched by candy and strawberries. This is a wine to drink now, with all the crispness of 2004 still in place. END
START HERE As sweet as a dessert wine, with simple pineapple jam flavors.', 'With all the freshness given by the Négrette, this is a red fruit dominated wine, its acidity ripe, touched by candy and strawberries. This is a wine to drink now, with all the crispness of 2004 still in place.', "A nice followup to the winery's 2005, the '06 shows similar richness at the same price. It's expressive in ripe pineapple, peach jam and honey flavors, with buttered toast and smoky oak overtones. END
START HERE With all the freshness given by the Négrette, this is a red fruit dominated wine, its acidity ripe, touched by candy and strawberries. This is a wine to drink now, with all the crispness of 2004 still in place.', "A nice followup to the winery's 2005, the '06 shows similar richness at the same price. It's expressive in ripe pineapple, peach jam and honey flavors, with buttered toast and smoky oak overtones.", 'Fruit salad aromas, simple apple and pear flavors and a soft texture add up to a pleasant wine. Light bodied, and balanced away from crispness, it is still enjoyable and refreshing. END
START HERE A nice followup to the winery's 2005, the '06 shows similar richness at the same price. It's expressive in ripe pineapple, peach jam and honey flavors, with buttered toast and smoky oak overtones.", 'Fruit salad aromas, simple apple and pear flavors and a soft texture add up to a pleasant wine. Light bodied, and balanced away from crispness, it is still enjoyable and refreshing.', "It's a bit chunky for a Mosel Riesling, but this wine also offers enough in the way of semisweet lime and pineapple flavors to compensate. There's a hint of struck flint on the nose and a slightly custardy texture. Drink now. END
START HERE Fruit salad aromas, simple apple and pear flavors and a soft texture add up to a pleasant wine. Light bodied, and balanced away from crispness, it is still enjoyable and refreshing.', "It's a bit chunky for a Mosel Riesling, but this wine also offers enough in the way of semisweet lime and pineapple flavors to compensate. There's a hint of struck flint on the nose and a slightly custardy texture. Drink now.", 'Aromas of cherry, raspberry and a whiff of mint lead to flavors of dried cherry, raspberry and strawberry in this easy quaffing Pinot Noir. END
START HERE It's a bit chunky for a Mosel Riesling, but this wine also offers enough in the way of semisweet lime and pineapple flavors to compensate. There's a hint of struck flint on the nose and a slightly custardy texture. Drink now.", 'Aromas of cherry, raspberry and a whiff of mint lead to flavors of dried cherry, raspberry and strawberry in this easy quaffing Pinot Noir.', 'A just off-dry rosé with great fresh fruit, attractive red currants and vanilla flavor. This is bright, clean, delicious as a food rosé. Screwcap. END
START HERE Aromas of cherry, raspberry and a whiff of mint lead to flavors of dried cherry, raspberry and strawberry in this easy quaffing Pinot Noir.', 'A just off-dry rosé with great fresh fruit, attractive red currants and vanilla flavor. This is bright, clean, delicious as a food rosé. Screwcap.', "This easygoing red opens with aromas of dark fruit, red berry, toast and a whiff of cooking spice. The palate offers crushed plum, clove and a hint of chocolate alongside soft tannins. It's simple but well made. END
START HERE A just off-dry rosé with great fresh fruit, attractive red currants and vanilla flavor. This is bright, clean, delicious as a food rosé. Screwcap.', "This easygoing red opens with aromas of dark fruit, red berry, toast and a whiff of cooking spice. The palate offers crushed plum, clove and a hint of chocolate alongside soft tannins. It's simple but well made.", "Here's a rosé from last season that's still bright and lively. Aromas of raspberry and watermelon are fresh and inviting, while the palate is medium in intensity, with red licorice and strawberry flavors. Drink now and this wine should still be crisp and refreshing. END
START HERE This easygoing red opens with aromas of dark fruit, red berry, toast and a whiff of cooking spice. The palate offers crushed plum, clove and a hint of chocolate alongside soft tannins. It's simple but well made.", "Here's a rosé from last season that's still bright and lively. Aromas of raspberry and watermelon are fresh and inviting, while the palate is medium in intensity, with red licorice and strawberry flavors. Drink now and this wine should still be crisp and refreshing.", 'Fruity, rich and satisfying. Shows a mélange of pineapple, pear and peach flavors, with creamy vanilla and spice notes, brightened with crisp acidity. Could be a tad drier. END
START HERE Here's a rosé from last season that's still bright and lively. Aromas of raspberry and watermelon are fresh and inviting, while the palate is medium in intensity, with red licorice and strawberry flavors. Drink now and this wine should still be crisp and refreshing.", 'Fruity, rich and satisfying. Shows a mélange of pineapple, pear and peach flavors, with creamy vanilla and spice notes, brightened with crisp acidity. Could be a tad drier.', 'Earthy, rubbery berry aromas are the set up to a full palate with flavors of rubber, roasted berry, saltiness and plum. A spicy, peppery finish with a spot of oak comes with freshness and good overall feel. END
START HERE Fruity, rich and satisfying. Shows a mélange of pineapple, pear and peach flavors, with creamy vanilla and spice notes, brightened with crisp acidity. Could be a tad drier.', 'Earthy, rubbery berry aromas are the set up to a full palate with flavors of rubber, roasted berry, saltiness and plum. A spicy, peppery finish with a spot of oak comes with freshness and good overall feel.', 'This Italian Chardonnay shows ripe tones of melon, peach and ripe tangerine. It feels easy and soft in the mouth and shows subtle fragrances of white mountain flower as well. END
START HERE Earthy, rubbery berry aromas are the set up to a full palate with flavors of rubber, roasted berry, saltiness and plum. A spicy, peppery finish with a spot of oak comes with freshness and good overall feel.', 'This Italian Chardonnay shows ripe tones of melon, peach and ripe tangerine. It feels easy and soft in the mouth and shows subtle fragrances of white mountain flower as well.', 'A light, sweet wine that has a faint prickle and candied-strawberry flavors. It is ready to drink. END
START HERE This Italian Chardonnay shows ripe tones of melon, peach and ripe tangerine. It feels easy and soft in the mouth and shows subtle fragrances of white mountain flower as well.', 'A light, sweet wine that has a faint prickle and candied-strawberry flavors. It is ready to drink.', "Crisp acidity gives this off-dry Riesling just the edge of tartness it needs to balance out the sweet citrus and flower flavors. It's the perfect inexpensive summer picnic white wine. END
START HERE A light, sweet wine that has a faint prickle and candied-strawberry flavors. It is ready to drink.', "Crisp acidity gives this off-dry Riesling just the edge of tartness it needs to balance out the sweet citrus and flower flavors. It's the perfect inexpensive summer picnic white wine.", "A good example of a California Sauvignon Blanc, this white shows citrus, hay, fig and spicy green-melon flavors. It's dry and crisp, making it balanced, and a good accompaniment to food. END
START HERE Crisp acidity gives this off-dry Riesling just the edge of tartness it needs to balance out the sweet citrus and flower flavors. It's the perfect inexpensive summer picnic white wine.", "A good example of a California Sauvignon Blanc, this white shows citrus, hay, fig and spicy green-melon flavors. It's dry and crisp, making it balanced, and a good accompaniment to food.", 'Marc Beyer has succeeded well, with a crisp, mineral style of wine that can marry well with so many fish and seafood dishes. END
START HERE A good example of a California Sauvignon Blanc, this white shows citrus, hay, fig and spicy green-melon flavors. It's dry and crisp, making it balanced, and a good accompaniment to food.", 'Marc Beyer has succeeded well, with a crisp, mineral style of wine that can marry well with so many fish and seafood dishes.', "The initially effusive nose of strawberries and caramel quiets rather quickly, replaced by cola and tree bark. There's more of the same in the mouth, finishing with a stemmy note. —J.C. END
START HERE Marc Beyer has succeeded well, with a crisp, mineral style of wine that can marry well with so many fish and seafood dishes.', "The initially effusive nose of strawberries and caramel quiets rather quickly, replaced by cola and tree bark. There's more of the same in the mouth, finishing with a stemmy note. —J.C.", "Pretty hard to like. It's harsh in acidity, with watered-down raspberry jam flavors that finish sweet. END
START HERE The initially effusive nose of strawberries and caramel quiets rather quickly, replaced by cola and tree bark. There's more of the same in the mouth, finishing with a stemmy note. —J.C.", "Pretty hard to like. It's harsh in acidity, with watered-down raspberry jam flavors that finish sweet.", 'Ideal Spanish rosé in every way, from color to aromas to flavors to the price tag. The nose is inviting, with delicate, crisp fruit aromas. The feel is just right, propelled by bright acids. Tastes of raspberry and watermelon, while the finish is long and lightly spicy. What a quaffing rosado should be. END
START HERE Pretty hard to like. It's harsh in acidity, with watered-down raspberry jam flavors that finish sweet.", 'Ideal Spanish rosé in every way, from color to aromas to flavors to the price tag. The nose is inviting, with delicate, crisp fruit aromas. The feel is just right, propelled by bright acids. Tastes of raspberry and watermelon, while the finish is long and lightly spicy. What a quaffing rosado should be.', 'Vegetal and dull, with asparagus and raspberry flavors. END
START HERE Ideal Spanish rosé in every way, from color to aromas to flavors to the price tag. The nose is inviting, with delicate, crisp fruit aromas. The feel is just right, propelled by bright acids. Tastes of raspberry and watermelon, while the finish is long and lightly spicy. What a quaffing rosado should be.', 'Vegetal and dull, with asparagus and raspberry flavors.', "Smells distinctly like juniper, hot brush and stemmy black fruit. The palate feels tough and stemmy, and the flavors are bitter and weedy. Just doesn't seem ripe. Weak for Chile's de facto Malbec leader. END
START HERE Vegetal and dull, with asparagus and raspberry flavors.', "Smells distinctly like juniper, hot brush and stemmy black fruit. The palate feels tough and stemmy, and the flavors are bitter and weedy. Just doesn't seem ripe. Weak for Chile's de facto Malbec leader.", 'This citrusy wine is all grapefruit, lime and citrus peel, with green notes poking through. Enjoyable, easy and varietally characteristic of Sauvignon Blanc. END
START HERE Smells distinctly like juniper, hot brush and stemmy black fruit. The palate feels tough and stemmy, and the flavors are bitter and weedy. Just doesn't seem ripe. Weak for Chile's de facto Malbec leader.", 'This citrusy wine is all grapefruit, lime and citrus peel, with green notes poking through. Enjoyable, easy and varietally characteristic of Sauvignon Blanc.', 'Smells like tobacco and pepper, and then turns tannic and dry in the mouth, with blackberry flavors emerging after it warms up. A decent everyday Zin. END
START HERE This citrusy wine is all grapefruit, lime and citrus peel, with green notes poking through. Enjoyable, easy and varietally characteristic of Sauvignon Blanc.', 'Smells like tobacco and pepper, and then turns tannic and dry in the mouth, with blackberry flavors emerging after it warms up. A decent everyday Zin.', 'Cherry and plum aromas lack purity and turn more earthy, horsey and unclean upon airing. Sharp, cutting acidity creates and jagged palate, while flavors of sour black plum and cherry finish with saucy notes on a choppy, short finish. END
START HERE Smells like tobacco and pepper, and then turns tannic and dry in the mouth, with blackberry flavors emerging after it warms up. A decent everyday Zin.', 'Cherry and plum aromas lack purity and turn more earthy, horsey and unclean upon airing. Sharp, cutting acidity creates and jagged palate, while flavors of sour black plum and cherry finish with saucy notes on a choppy, short finish.', 'Plum, herb and vanilla aromas lead to easygoing black-currant flavors. It provides a lot of easy drinking appeal. END
START HERE Cherry and plum aromas lack purity and turn more earthy, horsey and unclean upon airing. Sharp, cutting acidity creates and jagged palate, while flavors of sour black plum and cherry finish with saucy notes on a choppy, short finish.', 'Plum, herb and vanilla aromas lead to easygoing black-currant flavors. It provides a lot of easy drinking appeal.', 'This Romanian Chardonnay has a perfumed nose of vanilla, white flowers and ripe banana. It is medium bodied with flavors of papaya, guava, mango and honeydew melon. END
START HERE Plum, herb and vanilla aromas lead to easygoing black-currant flavors. It provides a lot of easy drinking appeal.', 'This Romanian Chardonnay has a perfumed nose of vanilla, white flowers and ripe banana. It is medium bodied with flavors of papaya, guava, mango and honeydew melon.', 'Easy to like for its dry, clean Chardonnay personality, and at this price, a great bargain. Shows polished tangerine, lemon chiffon, vanilla and buttered toast flavors, in a creamy texture. END
START HERE This Romanian Chardonnay has a perfumed nose of vanilla, white flowers and ripe banana. It is medium bodied with flavors of papaya, guava, mango and honeydew melon.', 'Easy to like for its dry, clean Chardonnay personality, and at this price, a great bargain. Shows polished tangerine, lemon chiffon, vanilla and buttered toast flavors, in a creamy texture.', 'Loaded with passion fruit and pineapple, this is a crisp, refreshing Sauvignon Blanc made for early consumption. It should fit the bill with shellfish or as a bracing apéritif this summer. END
START HERE Easy to like for its dry, clean Chardonnay personality, and at this price, a great bargain. Shows polished tangerine, lemon chiffon, vanilla and buttered toast flavors, in a creamy texture.', 'Loaded with passion fruit and pineapple, this is a crisp, refreshing Sauvignon Blanc made for early consumption. It should fit the bill with shellfish or as a bracing apéritif this summer.', "True aromas of green fruit and grapefruit send it off in the right direction. For Maule SB, this is pretty lively and refreshing. The palate features zesty green-apple flavors backed by a jumpy, agile finish. Nothing special but good while it's young and fresh. END
START HERE Loaded with passion fruit and pineapple, this is a crisp, refreshing Sauvignon Blanc made for early consumption. It should fit the bill with shellfish or as a bracing apéritif this summer.', "True aromas of green fruit and grapefruit send it off in the right direction. For Maule SB, this is pretty lively and refreshing. The palate features zesty green-apple flavors backed by a jumpy, agile finish. Nothing special but good while it's young and fresh.", 'Better than in previous years but still brambly and stemmy smelling. The palate is sheer and fairly hollow in the center, with simple buttery raspberry flavors. Shows bits of burnt wood, oil and heat on the finish. END
START HERE True aromas of green fruit and grapefruit send it off in the right direction. For Maule SB, this is pretty lively and refreshing. The palate features zesty green-apple flavors backed by a jumpy, agile finish. Nothing special but good while it's young and fresh.", 'Better than in previous years but still brambly and stemmy smelling. The palate is sheer and fairly hollow in the center, with simple buttery raspberry flavors. Shows bits of burnt wood, oil and heat on the finish.', 'Crisp yet slightly tart in the mouth, this wine exhibits pleasant flavors of Granny Smith apple, lemon custard, and fresh white peach. END
START HERE Better than in previous years but still brambly and stemmy smelling. The palate is sheer and fairly hollow in the center, with simple buttery raspberry flavors. Shows bits of burnt wood, oil and heat on the finish.', 'Crisp yet slightly tart in the mouth, this wine exhibits pleasant flavors of Granny Smith apple, lemon custard, and fresh white peach.', "Like the brand name implies, this is a wine for everyday drinking. It's dry and light in body, with uncomplicated sour-cherry candy, sage and toast flavors. END
START HERE Crisp yet slightly tart in the mouth, this wine exhibits pleasant flavors of Granny Smith apple, lemon custard, and fresh white peach.', "Like the brand name implies, this is a wine for everyday drinking. It's dry and light in body, with uncomplicated sour-cherry candy, sage and toast flavors.", "A touch green and vegetal on the nose, with hints of canned peas and bell pepper. Fortunately there's enough lime and minerality to keep it fresh. Feels crisp, tight and wet, with green notes pervading core citrus flavors. Finishes pithy and zesty, with mild bitterness. END
START HERE Like the brand name implies, this is a wine for everyday drinking. It's dry and light in body, with uncomplicated sour-cherry candy, sage and toast flavors.", "A touch green and vegetal on the nose, with hints of canned peas and bell pepper. Fortunately there's enough lime and minerality to keep it fresh. Feels crisp, tight and wet, with green notes pervading core citrus flavors. Finishes pithy and zesty, with mild bitterness.", "The smoky oaky aromas and spicy peppery flavors of this medium-bodied wine are undeniable and definitely dominate whatever modest fruit flavors lie underneath. It's an assertive wine with a brash flavor profile. END
START HERE A touch green and vegetal on the nose, with hints of canned peas and bell pepper. Fortunately there's enough lime and minerality to keep it fresh. Feels crisp, tight and wet, with green notes pervading core citrus flavors. Finishes pithy and zesty, with mild bitterness.", "The smoky oaky aromas and spicy peppery flavors of this medium-bodied wine are undeniable and definitely dominate whatever modest fruit flavors lie underneath. It's an assertive wine with a brash flavor profile.", 'Cherry and raspberry aromas are fresh, clean and simple. A juicy, direct palate brings cherry and plum skin flavors with citric acid for cleansing purposes. This rosé is the definition of a simple summer quaffer. END
START HERE The smoky oaky aromas and spicy peppery flavors of this medium-bodied wine are undeniable and definitely dominate whatever modest fruit flavors lie underneath. It's an assertive wine with a brash flavor profile.", 'Cherry and raspberry aromas are fresh, clean and simple. A juicy, direct palate brings cherry and plum skin flavors with citric acid for cleansing purposes. This rosé is the definition of a simple summer quaffer.', 'The wine is structured and tannic which gives a dry edge that balances the perfumed black fruits and acidity. The aftertaste is fruity and juicy. Ready to drink. END
START HERE Cherry and raspberry aromas are fresh, clean and simple. A juicy, direct palate brings cherry and plum skin flavors with citric acid for cleansing purposes. This rosé is the definition of a simple summer quaffer.', 'The wine is structured and tannic which gives a dry edge that balances the perfumed black fruits and acidity. The aftertaste is fruity and juicy. Ready to drink.', 'This is the sort of Chardonnay that first put Australia on the radar of many American wine drinkers. It fits the “cheap and cheerful” description to a tee, offering hints of toast, medium body and clean, refreshing fruit flavors of pear, melon and pineapple. Drink now. END
START HERE The wine is structured and tannic which gives a dry edge that balances the perfumed black fruits and acidity. The aftertaste is fruity and juicy. Ready to drink.', 'This is the sort of Chardonnay that first put Australia on the radar of many American wine drinkers. It fits the “cheap and cheerful” description to a tee, offering hints of toast, medium body and clean, refreshing fruit flavors of pear, melon and pineapple. Drink now.', 'Fruity aromas of nectarine and red plum lead to a citrusy palate with flavors of pink grapefruit and red apple. A chalky, grippy finish is basic in its citrusy, pith-driven character. Drink this refresher as soon as possible. END
START HERE This is the sort of Chardonnay that first put Australia on the radar of many American wine drinkers. It fits the “cheap and cheerful” description to a tee, offering hints of toast, medium body and clean, refreshing fruit flavors of pear, melon and pineapple. Drink now.', 'Fruity aromas of nectarine and red plum lead to a citrusy palate with flavors of pink grapefruit and red apple. A chalky, grippy finish is basic in its citrusy, pith-driven character. Drink this refresher as soon as possible.', 'This has ripe Sonoma flavors of green apples, pears and tropical fruits, along with balancing acids and a touch of honey-sweet oak. Overall, it achieves harmonious balance. Production was 3,690 cases. Worth a special search. END
START HERE Fruity aromas of nectarine and red plum lead to a citrusy palate with flavors of pink grapefruit and red apple. A chalky, grippy finish is basic in its citrusy, pith-driven character. Drink this refresher as soon as possible.', 'This has ripe Sonoma flavors of green apples, pears and tropical fruits, along with balancing acids and a touch of honey-sweet oak. Overall, it achieves harmonious balance. Production was 3,690 cases. Worth a special search.', 'Muddy plum and berry aromas lead to a sharp, rugged palate. Tart plum and pie cherry flavors end raw, rough and bitter. END
START HERE This has ripe Sonoma flavors of green apples, pears and tropical fruits, along with balancing acids and a touch of honey-sweet oak. Overall, it achieves harmonious balance. Production was 3,690 cases. Worth a special search.', 'Muddy plum and berry aromas lead to a sharp, rugged palate. Tart plum and pie cherry flavors end raw, rough and bitter.', 'Lime, lime leaf and stone-fruit aromas are followed by medium-sweet flavors that linger. It wants a bit more acidity but is pretty delightful in its own right. Pair it with a spicy Thai dish. END
START HERE Muddy plum and berry aromas lead to a sharp, rugged palate. Tart plum and pie cherry flavors end raw, rough and bitter.', 'Lime, lime leaf and stone-fruit aromas are followed by medium-sweet flavors that linger. It wants a bit more acidity but is pretty delightful in its own right. Pair it with a spicy Thai dish.', 'Kudos to Ste. Michelle for accurately labeling this wine, and also for the Riesling sweetness scale on the back of all their Rieslings. Firm Yakima Valley fruit is the backbone here, tart and spicy, with bright flavors of pear and apple. A juicy, palate-cleansing style. END
START HERE Lime, lime leaf and stone-fruit aromas are followed by medium-sweet flavors that linger. It wants a bit more acidity but is pretty delightful in its own right. Pair it with a spicy Thai dish.', 'Kudos to Ste. Michelle for accurately labeling this wine, and also for the Riesling sweetness scale on the back of all their Rieslings. Firm Yakima Valley fruit is the backbone here, tart and spicy, with bright flavors of pear and apple. A juicy, palate-cleansing style.', "Comes out of the chute showing a funky, rubbery edge, but that blows off with a little time to reveal dark, somewhat earthy notes of cola and blackberry. It's medium-bodied, with good length to the finish, where it picks up enough dusty tannins to give it backbone. END
START HERE Kudos to Ste. Michelle for accurately labeling this wine, and also for the Riesling sweetness scale on the back of all their Rieslings. Firm Yakima Valley fruit is the backbone here, tart and spicy, with bright flavors of pear and apple. A juicy, palate-cleansing style.', "Comes out of the chute showing a funky, rubbery edge, but that blows off with a little time to reveal dark, somewhat earthy notes of cola and blackberry. It's medium-bodied, with good length to the finish, where it picks up enough dusty tannins to give it backbone.", 'Odd aromas of bath soap and tropical fruits are not convincing for Chardonnay. A narrow diluted palate offers low-level lemon and tropical-fruit flavors in front of a sour underwhelming finish. END
START HERE Comes out of the chute showing a funky, rubbery edge, but that blows off with a little time to reveal dark, somewhat earthy notes of cola and blackberry. It's medium-bodied, with good length to the finish, where it picks up enough dusty tannins to give it backbone.", 'Odd aromas of bath soap and tropical fruits are not convincing for Chardonnay. A narrow diluted palate offers low-level lemon and tropical-fruit flavors in front of a sour underwhelming finish.', 'Malbec from Chile may not seem as natural as from Argentina, but you will not go wrong with this stocky, soft, lightly baked offering. The palate has a touch of herbal lift to accent the black fruit, while the finish is firm, comfortable and consistent. END
START HERE Odd aromas of bath soap and tropical fruits are not convincing for Chardonnay. A narrow diluted palate offers low-level lemon and tropical-fruit flavors in front of a sour underwhelming finish.', 'Malbec from Chile may not seem as natural as from Argentina, but you will not go wrong with this stocky, soft, lightly baked offering. The palate has a touch of herbal lift to accent the black fruit, while the finish is firm, comfortable and consistent.', "Standard all the way, but isn't that what we want from a $9 wine? The nose offers raspberry and strawberry aromas, while the flavors are generic but familiar, with a lean toward cherry and berry. Solid on the finish, and fairly intense as a whole. Imported by Clock Tower Imports. END
START HERE Malbec from Chile may not seem as natural as from Argentina, but you will not go wrong with this stocky, soft, lightly baked offering. The palate has a touch of herbal lift to accent the black fruit, while the finish is firm, comfortable and consistent.', "Standard all the way, but isn't that what we want from a $9 wine? The nose offers raspberry and strawberry aromas, while the flavors are generic but familiar, with a lean toward cherry and berry. Solid on the finish, and fairly intense as a whole. Imported by Clock Tower Imports.", 'Gritty, narrow aromas of cherry and red plum smell rubbery, like latex. The palate smacks down with acidic bite along with sweet red fruit flavors, toast and heat. Feels lean and rough; tastes good enough. END
START HERE Standard all the way, but isn't that what we want from a $9 wine? The nose offers raspberry and strawberry aromas, while the flavors are generic but familiar, with a lean toward cherry and berry. Solid on the finish, and fairly intense as a whole. Imported by Clock Tower Imports.", 'Gritty, narrow aromas of cherry and red plum smell rubbery, like latex. The palate smacks down with acidic bite along with sweet red fruit flavors, toast and heat. Feels lean and rough; tastes good enough.', "This tangy, all-stainless, lightly grassy, dry Sauvignon Blanc is a pure and definitive elaboration of the grape's varietal character. Penetrating and crisp, it would be hard  to ask for more from a $9 wine. END
START HERE Gritty, narrow aromas of cherry and red plum smell rubbery, like latex. The palate smacks down with acidic bite along with sweet red fruit flavors, toast and heat. Feels lean and rough; tastes good enough.', "This tangy, all-stainless, lightly grassy, dry Sauvignon Blanc is a pure and definitive elaboration of the grape's varietal character. Penetrating and crisp, it would be hard  to ask for more from a $9 wine.", "Not disappointing given the price. There's some toast and tropical fruit on the nose, and then pineapple and mango flavors. The acidity runs a bit sharp, but overall this is a reasonable, warm-climate, tropical Chard for the money. END
START HERE This tangy, all-stainless, lightly grassy, dry Sauvignon Blanc is a pure and definitive elaboration of the grape's varietal character. Penetrating and crisp, it would be hard  to ask for more from a $9 wine.", "Not disappointing given the price. There's some toast and tropical fruit on the nose, and then pineapple and mango flavors. The acidity runs a bit sharp, but overall this is a reasonable, warm-climate, tropical Chard for the money.", "The old saying, you get what you pay for, is perfectly illustrated by this simple Pinot Noir. It's not bad, though, and at this price, will perform the useful function of introducing budding Pinotphiles to the variety. END
START HERE Not disappointing given the price. There's some toast and tropical fruit on the nose, and then pineapple and mango flavors. The acidity runs a bit sharp, but overall this is a reasonable, warm-climate, tropical Chard for the money.", "The old saying, you get what you pay for, is perfectly illustrated by this simple Pinot Noir. It's not bad, though, and at this price, will perform the useful function of introducing budding Pinotphiles to the variety.", "This smells sort of gaseous and mealy. It's soft and fleshy on the palate, with green banana and melony flavors. The finish is mild, green-leaning and bitter, with a flabby structure. END
START HERE The old saying, you get what you pay for, is perfectly illustrated by this simple Pinot Noir. It's not bad, though, and at this price, will perform the useful function of introducing budding Pinotphiles to the variety.", "This smells sort of gaseous and mealy. It's soft and fleshy on the palate, with green banana and melony flavors. The finish is mild, green-leaning and bitter, with a flabby structure.", "Vibrant notes of red cherry, plum and blueberry are partnered with earthy hints of forest floor and cocoa. This is a solid selection that's perfect for entertaining. It's well balanced, with light tannins, lifted acidity and a medium-length, black-pepper-kissed finish. END
START HERE This smells sort of gaseous and mealy. It's soft and fleshy on the palate, with green banana and melony flavors. The finish is mild, green-leaning and bitter, with a flabby structure.", "Vibrant notes of red cherry, plum and blueberry are partnered with earthy hints of forest floor and cocoa. This is a solid selection that's perfect for entertaining. It's well balanced, with light tannins, lifted acidity and a medium-length, black-pepper-kissed finish.", "Lemon-lime aromas and flavors like meringue and butterscotch pudding turn this wine into a virtual dessert. It's not what many people would expect from this grape variety, but it's very tasty and rich. END
START HERE Vibrant notes of red cherry, plum and blueberry are partnered with earthy hints of forest floor and cocoa. This is a solid selection that's perfect for entertaining. It's well balanced, with light tannins, lifted acidity and a medium-length, black-pepper-kissed finish.", "Lemon-lime aromas and flavors like meringue and butterscotch pudding turn this wine into a virtual dessert. It's not what many people would expect from this grape variety, but it's very tasty and rich.", 'Sort of gaseous and touchy on the nose, with bramble and sweaty leather rising up once the bouquet opens. The palate offers a quick flash of berry fruit but nothing backing that up, and the finish is gone in seconds. Basically this is a light-bodied quaffer that seeks not to offend. END
START HERE Lemon-lime aromas and flavors like meringue and butterscotch pudding turn this wine into a virtual dessert. It's not what many people would expect from this grape variety, but it's very tasty and rich.", 'Sort of gaseous and touchy on the nose, with bramble and sweaty leather rising up once the bouquet opens. The palate offers a quick flash of berry fruit but nothing backing that up, and the finish is gone in seconds. Basically this is a light-bodied quaffer that seeks not to offend.', 'This New World style of Sauvignon Blanc is ripe, intense and catty in flavor. Very herbaceous, concentrated fruits are right up front. There is no complexity, just fruit. END
START HERE Sort of gaseous and touchy on the nose, with bramble and sweaty leather rising up once the bouquet opens. The palate offers a quick flash of berry fruit but nothing backing that up, and the finish is gone in seconds. Basically this is a light-bodied quaffer that seeks not to offend.', 'This New World style of Sauvignon Blanc is ripe, intense and catty in flavor. Very herbaceous, concentrated fruits are right up front. There is no complexity, just fruit.', "Rubbery, woodsy aromas of wild berries and balsamic vinegar are spicy and suggestive of Bordeaux. Leafy flavors of plum, pie cherry and spice are herbal but not green, while this value blend's peppery, dry finish is juicy and composed. END
START HERE This New World style of Sauvignon Blanc is ripe, intense and catty in flavor. Very herbaceous, concentrated fruits are right up front. There is no complexity, just fruit.', "Rubbery, woodsy aromas of wild berries and balsamic vinegar are spicy and suggestive of Bordeaux. Leafy flavors of plum, pie cherry and spice are herbal but not green, while this value blend's peppery, dry finish is juicy and composed.", "Here's a well balanced and easy to drink value priced Sauv Blanc, offering notes of sweet grass, barely ripe peach and melon on the nose and mouth. Perfect for summer entertaining; pair with sushi or cocktail shrimp. END
START HERE Rubbery, woodsy aromas of wild berries and balsamic vinegar are spicy and suggestive of Bordeaux. Leafy flavors of plum, pie cherry and spice are herbal but not green, while this value blend's peppery, dry finish is juicy and composed.", "Here's a well balanced and easy to drink value priced Sauv Blanc, offering notes of sweet grass, barely ripe peach and melon on the nose and mouth. Perfect for summer entertaining; pair with sushi or cocktail shrimp.", "This thin wine has very little going for it. It has watered-down berry flavors, but on the plus side, it's dry and vital in acidity. END
START HERE Here's a well balanced and easy to drink value priced Sauv Blanc, offering notes of sweet grass, barely ripe peach and melon on the nose and mouth. Perfect for summer entertaining; pair with sushi or cocktail shrimp.", "This thin wine has very little going for it. It has watered-down berry flavors, but on the plus side, it's dry and vital in acidity.", "This is a clean and bright selection, with pure notes of green melon, apple and fresh herbs. The lively palate offers lime peel and grassy tones that finish clean on the finish. It's an approachable and easy-drinking wine best enjoyed now. END
START HERE This thin wine has very little going for it. It has watered-down berry flavors, but on the plus side, it's dry and vital in acidity.", "This is a clean and bright selection, with pure notes of green melon, apple and fresh herbs. The lively palate offers lime peel and grassy tones that finish clean on the finish. It's an approachable and easy-drinking wine best enjoyed now.", 'Direct scents of white cherry and currant lead the charge on the nose of this accessible rosé, made from 100% Cinsault. The lightweight palate offers more of the same, with a surprising hit of sweet citrus on the close. Drink now. END
START HERE This is a clean and bright selection, with pure notes of green melon, apple and fresh herbs. The lively palate offers lime peel and grassy tones that finish clean on the finish. It's an approachable and easy-drinking wine best enjoyed now.", 'Direct scents of white cherry and currant lead the charge on the nose of this accessible rosé, made from 100% Cinsault. The lightweight palate offers more of the same, with a surprising hit of sweet citrus on the close. Drink now.', 'This pale-pink rosé is comprised of 70% Pinot Noir and 30% Syrah. It has aromas of lemon zest, pink grapefruit and strawberry. Red grapefruit along with strawberries and cream mark the palate. The finish is full and fruity. END
START HERE Direct scents of white cherry and currant lead the charge on the nose of this accessible rosé, made from 100% Cinsault. The lightweight palate offers more of the same, with a surprising hit of sweet citrus on the close. Drink now.', 'This pale-pink rosé is comprised of 70% Pinot Noir and 30% Syrah. It has aromas of lemon zest, pink grapefruit and strawberry. Red grapefruit along with strawberries and cream mark the palate. The finish is full and fruity.', "The aromas of tropical fruit and herbs seem light and muddled, with some reduction providing distraction. It's easy drinking but seems thin. END
START HERE This pale-pink rosé is comprised of 70% Pinot Noir and 30% Syrah. It has aromas of lemon zest, pink grapefruit and strawberry. Red grapefruit along with strawberries and cream mark the palate. The finish is full and fruity.', "The aromas of tropical fruit and herbs seem light and muddled, with some reduction providing distraction. It's easy drinking but seems thin.", 'While the blend ranges widely across Provence, the wine itself is a classic light, fruity rosé. With its tang of citrus, bright acidity and touch of spice, it is a delicious apéritif style wine. END
START HERE The aromas of tropical fruit and herbs seem light and muddled, with some reduction providing distraction. It's easy drinking but seems thin.", 'While the blend ranges widely across Provence, the wine itself is a classic light, fruity rosé. With its tang of citrus, bright acidity and touch of spice, it is a delicious apéritif style wine.', 'Sassy passion-fruit and feline aromas set up a crisp, clean-feeling palate with tangy, green, zesty flavors of scallion, lime and sour apple. A minerally, chalky finish is zingy and clean. This is nice for value-priced Sauvignon Blanc. END
START HERE While the blend ranges widely across Provence, the wine itself is a classic light, fruity rosé. With its tang of citrus, bright acidity and touch of spice, it is a delicious apéritif style wine.', 'Sassy passion-fruit and feline aromas set up a crisp, clean-feeling palate with tangy, green, zesty flavors of scallion, lime and sour apple. A minerally, chalky finish is zingy and clean. This is nice for value-priced Sauvignon Blanc.', 'Oak and mild perfume notes accent red berry aromas on the nose. The palate feels disjointed, with mild, ripe berry flavors and a hint of spice on the finish. END
START HERE Sassy passion-fruit and feline aromas set up a crisp, clean-feeling palate with tangy, green, zesty flavors of scallion, lime and sour apple. A minerally, chalky finish is zingy and clean. This is nice for value-priced Sauvignon Blanc.', 'Oak and mild perfume notes accent red berry aromas on the nose. The palate feels disjointed, with mild, ripe berry flavors and a hint of spice on the finish.', 'Slightly fat, figgy aromas, with notes of thyme and mint, give way to a round palate and flavors of citrus and fig. The mouthfeel has just a touch of youthful fizz, and the finish is long and nutty, with a reprise of herbs. END
START HERE Oak and mild perfume notes accent red berry aromas on the nose. The palate feels disjointed, with mild, ripe berry flavors and a hint of spice on the finish.', 'Slightly fat, figgy aromas, with notes of thyme and mint, give way to a round palate and flavors of citrus and fig. The mouthfeel has just a touch of youthful fizz, and the finish is long and nutty, with a reprise of herbs.', 'Subtle and fairly deep, with aromas of berry, pastry and cherry cough drop. It feels lively and good, with blueberry and plum flavors in front of a textured, medium-deep finish. END
START HERE Slightly fat, figgy aromas, with notes of thyme and mint, give way to a round palate and flavors of citrus and fig. The mouthfeel has just a touch of youthful fizz, and the finish is long and nutty, with a reprise of herbs.', 'Subtle and fairly deep, with aromas of berry, pastry and cherry cough drop. It feels lively and good, with blueberry and plum flavors in front of a textured, medium-deep finish.', "Made from 100% Cabernet, this is a great house wine for the price. It's dry, full-bodied and tannic, with proper black currant, blackberry, mocha and oak flavors. Easy to find, with 20,000 cases produced. END
START HERE Subtle and fairly deep, with aromas of berry, pastry and cherry cough drop. It feels lively and good, with blueberry and plum flavors in front of a textured, medium-deep finish.', "Made from 100% Cabernet, this is a great house wine for the price. It's dry, full-bodied and tannic, with proper black currant, blackberry, mocha and oak flavors. Easy to find, with 20,000 cases produced.", 'Snappy, prickly, red-currant aromas fail to improve with airing. The palate is high in acidity, creating a sheer feel to the cherry and raspberry fruit that drives the flavor profile. Drying and hollow on the finish. Very regular wine, with bramble and tartness. END
START HERE Made from 100% Cabernet, this is a great house wine for the price. It's dry, full-bodied and tannic, with proper black currant, blackberry, mocha and oak flavors. Easy to find, with 20,000 cases produced.", 'Snappy, prickly, red-currant aromas fail to improve with airing. The palate is high in acidity, creating a sheer feel to the cherry and raspberry fruit that drives the flavor profile. Drying and hollow on the finish. Very regular wine, with bramble and tartness.', 'Fragrant of baked apple and vanilla spice, this Bulgarian Sauvignon Blanc is just a shade off dry. It offers straightforward but easy-drinking apple and flower flavors, and the bright acidity lends a clean, brisk finish. END
START HERE Snappy, prickly, red-currant aromas fail to improve with airing. The palate is high in acidity, creating a sheer feel to the cherry and raspberry fruit that drives the flavor profile. Drying and hollow on the finish. Very regular wine, with bramble and tartness.', 'Fragrant of baked apple and vanilla spice, this Bulgarian Sauvignon Blanc is just a shade off dry. It offers straightforward but easy-drinking apple and flower flavors, and the bright acidity lends a clean, brisk finish.', "Citric smelling, with floral notes and dampness. The palate is more thin and grating than expected, with red fruit, citrus, cherry sucking candy and graham cracker flavors. Finishes a bit edgy and candied, and overall it's generic with little personality. END
START HERE Fragrant of baked apple and vanilla spice, this Bulgarian Sauvignon Blanc is just a shade off dry. It offers straightforward but easy-drinking apple and flower flavors, and the bright acidity lends a clean, brisk finish.', "Citric smelling, with floral notes and dampness. The palate is more thin and grating than expected, with red fruit, citrus, cherry sucking candy and graham cracker flavors. Finishes a bit edgy and candied, and overall it's generic with little personality.", "Light bodied and easygoing, this has flavors of red cherry, strawberry and clove. It's fresh and simple, with loose-knit fleeting tannins. END
START HERE Citric smelling, with floral notes and dampness. The palate is more thin and grating than expected, with red fruit, citrus, cherry sucking candy and graham cracker flavors. Finishes a bit edgy and candied, and overall it's generic with little personality.", "Light bodied and easygoing, this has flavors of red cherry, strawberry and clove. It's fresh and simple, with loose-knit fleeting tannins.", "Aromas of red apple, pear and tangerine are bright. The palate doesn't offer much complexity but offers easy-drinking pleasure. END
START HERE Light bodied and easygoing, this has flavors of red cherry, strawberry and clove. It's fresh and simple, with loose-knit fleeting tannins.", "Aromas of red apple, pear and tangerine are bright. The palate doesn't offer much complexity but offers easy-drinking pleasure.", 'Fresh and inviting in a strawberry aroma, the palate brings ripe red-fruit and vanilla flavors to the mix. This is a medium-bodied, softly textured wine. END
START HERE Aromas of red apple, pear and tangerine are bright. The palate doesn't offer much complexity but offers easy-drinking pleasure.", 'Fresh and inviting in a strawberry aroma, the palate brings ripe red-fruit and vanilla flavors to the mix. This is a medium-bodied, softly textured wine.', "Citrus and pear notes lead the way in this bargain-priced Chardonnay from Down Under. It's reasonably tight and crisp for a wine in this bracket, carrying hints of well integrated vanilla through the lemony finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Fresh and inviting in a strawberry aroma, the palate brings ripe red-fruit and vanilla flavors to the mix. This is a medium-bodied, softly textured wine.', "Citrus and pear notes lead the way in this bargain-priced Chardonnay from Down Under. It's reasonably tight and crisp for a wine in this bracket, carrying hints of well integrated vanilla through the lemony finish. Drink now.", 'Perfumed aromas of lime leaf, white peach and flowers are followed by an off-dry palate, chock full of stone-fruit flavors. Pair it with spicy Thai food. END
START HERE Citrus and pear notes lead the way in this bargain-priced Chardonnay from Down Under. It's reasonably tight and crisp for a wine in this bracket, carrying hints of well integrated vanilla through the lemony finish. Drink now.", 'Perfumed aromas of lime leaf, white peach and flowers are followed by an off-dry palate, chock full of stone-fruit flavors. Pair it with spicy Thai food.', "This is a soft, simple Zinfandel. It's sweet in sugared raspberry tea and red currant flavors, sprinkled with nutmeg and cinnamon. END
START HERE Perfumed aromas of lime leaf, white peach and flowers are followed by an off-dry palate, chock full of stone-fruit flavors. Pair it with spicy Thai food.', "This is a soft, simple Zinfandel. It's sweet in sugared raspberry tea and red currant flavors, sprinkled with nutmeg and cinnamon.", "Earthy pollen and mineral notes lend a savory tone to this medium-sweet Riesling. It's soft and slightly pulpy, intensified by overripe tangerine and stone fruit flavors. Drink now through 2018. END
START HERE This is a soft, simple Zinfandel. It's sweet in sugared raspberry tea and red currant flavors, sprinkled with nutmeg and cinnamon.", "Earthy pollen and mineral notes lend a savory tone to this medium-sweet Riesling. It's soft and slightly pulpy, intensified by overripe tangerine and stone fruit flavors. Drink now through 2018.", "Here's a light, easy Chardonnay from Friuli in Northern Italy that offers measured aromatic intensity and notes of stone fruit, flowers and white mineral. The wine would wash down an easy salad thanks to its lean consistency and fresh finish. END
START HERE Earthy pollen and mineral notes lend a savory tone to this medium-sweet Riesling. It's soft and slightly pulpy, intensified by overripe tangerine and stone fruit flavors. Drink now through 2018.", "Here's a light, easy Chardonnay from Friuli in Northern Italy that offers measured aromatic intensity and notes of stone fruit, flowers and white mineral. The wine would wash down an easy salad thanks to its lean consistency and fresh finish.", "This dense, wood-laden wine has ripe spice and dark tannins. It's heavy with wood as well as black currant fruits and acidity. It is young and needs time to integrate, so don't drink before 2016. END
START HERE Here's a light, easy Chardonnay from Friuli in Northern Italy that offers measured aromatic intensity and notes of stone fruit, flowers and white mineral. The wine would wash down an easy salad thanks to its lean consistency and fresh finish.", "This dense, wood-laden wine has ripe spice and dark tannins. It's heavy with wood as well as black currant fruits and acidity. It is young and needs time to integrate, so don't drink before 2016.", 'Produced from Aragonez this is a soft wine, full of red-currant flavors as well as a touch of vanilla and caramel. It is an easy, refreshingly spicy wine, ready to drink now. END
START HERE This dense, wood-laden wine has ripe spice and dark tannins. It's heavy with wood as well as black currant fruits and acidity. It is young and needs time to integrate, so don't drink before 2016.", 'Produced from Aragonez this is a soft wine, full of red-currant flavors as well as a touch of vanilla and caramel. It is an easy, refreshingly spicy wine, ready to drink now.', "This is a moderately aromatic wine with notes of toast, spice and caraway seed. It's medium bodied and on the sweeter side of off-dry with tart citrus flavors. END
START HERE Produced from Aragonez this is a soft wine, full of red-currant flavors as well as a touch of vanilla and caramel. It is an easy, refreshingly spicy wine, ready to drink now.', "This is a moderately aromatic wine with notes of toast, spice and caraway seed. It's medium bodied and on the sweeter side of off-dry with tart citrus flavors.", 'Cherry and plum aromas are light, generic and clean. This feels mostly right, with moderate acidity creating a solid mouthfeel. Plum, citrus and herbal flavors finish round and balanced. END
START HERE This is a moderately aromatic wine with notes of toast, spice and caraway seed. It's medium bodied and on the sweeter side of off-dry with tart citrus flavors.", 'Cherry and plum aromas are light, generic and clean. This feels mostly right, with moderate acidity creating a solid mouthfeel. Plum, citrus and herbal flavors finish round and balanced.', 'This Cabernet Sauvignon has aromas of black plum, violet and vanilla that pave the way for bright flavors of red plum and blackberry on the palate. The tannins are a bit chewy, but the long finish is rewarding. END
START HERE Cherry and plum aromas are light, generic and clean. This feels mostly right, with moderate acidity creating a solid mouthfeel. Plum, citrus and herbal flavors finish round and balanced.', 'This Cabernet Sauvignon has aromas of black plum, violet and vanilla that pave the way for bright flavors of red plum and blackberry on the palate. The tannins are a bit chewy, but the long finish is rewarding.', "A mix of Sauvignon Blanc (77%) and Sémillon, this wine comes from three separate vineyards in the Columbia Valley. It shows plenty of Sauvignon's herbal character while also displaying the ripeness of the vintage, with lightly spritzy tropical fruit and fig flavors that possess a fleshy feel. END
START HERE This Cabernet Sauvignon has aromas of black plum, violet and vanilla that pave the way for bright flavors of red plum and blackberry on the palate. The tannins are a bit chewy, but the long finish is rewarding.', "A mix of Sauvignon Blanc (77%) and Sémillon, this wine comes from three separate vineyards in the Columbia Valley. It shows plenty of Sauvignon's herbal character while also displaying the ripeness of the vintage, with lightly spritzy tropical fruit and fig flavors that possess a fleshy feel.", 'Aromatically, this Bulgarian Riesling is quite pretty with loads of freshly pressed apples, elderflowers and Meyer lemon scents. Light bodied and dry with a racy acidity, its palate is austere but has some muted floral and honeydew flavors. END
START HERE A mix of Sauvignon Blanc (77%) and Sémillon, this wine comes from three separate vineyards in the Columbia Valley. It shows plenty of Sauvignon's herbal character while also displaying the ripeness of the vintage, with lightly spritzy tropical fruit and fig flavors that possess a fleshy feel.", 'Aromatically, this Bulgarian Riesling is quite pretty with loads of freshly pressed apples, elderflowers and Meyer lemon scents. Light bodied and dry with a racy acidity, its palate is austere but has some muted floral and honeydew flavors.', 'Fruity, with plum flavors soaked in a good dose of vanilla, this is an easygoing wine for casual entertaining or everyday use. The blend includes 8% Syrah. END
START HERE Aromatically, this Bulgarian Riesling is quite pretty with loads of freshly pressed apples, elderflowers and Meyer lemon scents. Light bodied and dry with a racy acidity, its palate is austere but has some muted floral and honeydew flavors.', 'Fruity, with plum flavors soaked in a good dose of vanilla, this is an easygoing wine for casual entertaining or everyday use. The blend includes 8% Syrah.', 'This wine is ruby red in color, with aromas of black fruits and berries. The palate shows additional notes of tart black plums, fringed by soft tannins on the finish. END
START HERE Fruity, with plum flavors soaked in a good dose of vanilla, this is an easygoing wine for casual entertaining or everyday use. The blend includes 8% Syrah.', 'This wine is ruby red in color, with aromas of black fruits and berries. The palate shows additional notes of tart black plums, fringed by soft tannins on the finish.', 'Scents of ripe red berry and cherry fruits are upfront on the nose of this friendly red, with hints of sweet spice, cherry cola, plum sauce and tree bark adding depth and interest. Lightweight and easy drinking, it boasts silky tannins and a fresh-fruited palate. Drink now. END
START HERE This wine is ruby red in color, with aromas of black fruits and berries. The palate shows additional notes of tart black plums, fringed by soft tannins on the finish.', 'Scents of ripe red berry and cherry fruits are upfront on the nose of this friendly red, with hints of sweet spice, cherry cola, plum sauce and tree bark adding depth and interest. Lightweight and easy drinking, it boasts silky tannins and a fresh-fruited palate. Drink now.', 'This wine is immediate in its appeal with aromas of lime leaf, flowers and peach. It drinks off dry with a zing of acidity that beautifully frames the full-fruit flavors. END
START HERE Scents of ripe red berry and cherry fruits are upfront on the nose of this friendly red, with hints of sweet spice, cherry cola, plum sauce and tree bark adding depth and interest. Lightweight and easy drinking, it boasts silky tannins and a fresh-fruited palate. Drink now.', 'This wine is immediate in its appeal with aromas of lime leaf, flowers and peach. It drinks off dry with a zing of acidity that beautifully frames the full-fruit flavors.', 'Aromas include subtle yellow apple, pear, lemon zest and a hint of peach. Fresh acidity gives it a clean finish. END
START HERE This wine is immediate in its appeal with aromas of lime leaf, flowers and peach. It drinks off dry with a zing of acidity that beautifully frames the full-fruit flavors.', 'Aromas include subtle yellow apple, pear, lemon zest and a hint of peach. Fresh acidity gives it a clean finish.', 'This is an off-dry wine, soft with a touch of tannin. It has some attractive acidity to keep it crisp as well as ripe red fruits. Drink now. END
START HERE Aromas include subtle yellow apple, pear, lemon zest and a hint of peach. Fresh acidity gives it a clean finish.', 'This is an off-dry wine, soft with a touch of tannin. It has some attractive acidity to keep it crisp as well as ripe red fruits. Drink now.', "Floral, young and jumpy smelling, with gumball aromas that leave you with the impression that the wine's clarity, balance and purity may be tenuous. The palate is raw but fresh, with simple but snappy wild berry flavors. Not a lot of structure or depth here. END
START HERE This is an off-dry wine, soft with a touch of tannin. It has some attractive acidity to keep it crisp as well as ripe red fruits. Drink now.', "Floral, young and jumpy smelling, with gumball aromas that leave you with the impression that the wine's clarity, balance and purity may be tenuous. The palate is raw but fresh, with simple but snappy wild berry flavors. Not a lot of structure or depth here.", "Here's your basic white Zin, fruity and slightly sweet, with jammy raspberry and vanilla flavors. Crisp acidity fortunately provides needed balance. END
START HERE Floral, young and jumpy smelling, with gumball aromas that leave you with the impression that the wine's clarity, balance and purity may be tenuous. The palate is raw but fresh, with simple but snappy wild berry flavors. Not a lot of structure or depth here.", "Here's your basic white Zin, fruity and slightly sweet, with jammy raspberry and vanilla flavors. Crisp acidity fortunately provides needed balance.", 'A soupy sort of wine with raisiny aromas. It tastes salty and feels astringent, with tomato, herb and brothy flavors. The mouthfeel is the best part. END
START HERE Here's your basic white Zin, fruity and slightly sweet, with jammy raspberry and vanilla flavors. Crisp acidity fortunately provides needed balance.", 'A soupy sort of wine with raisiny aromas. It tastes salty and feels astringent, with tomato, herb and brothy flavors. The mouthfeel is the best part.', 'This Romanian Chardonnay is golden straw in color with green reflections. It has aromas of green apple and Bartlett pear and flavors of lemon, apple and peach juice. The finish is crisp, but just a touch too acidic. END
START HERE A soupy sort of wine with raisiny aromas. It tastes salty and feels astringent, with tomato, herb and brothy flavors. The mouthfeel is the best part.', 'This Romanian Chardonnay is golden straw in color with green reflections. It has aromas of green apple and Bartlett pear and flavors of lemon, apple and peach juice. The finish is crisp, but just a touch too acidic.', 'A French version of a brand that is more familiar in Chile as Viña San Esteban, this wine has more stylistically to do with South America than southwest France. It is soft, juicy, rounded and with attractive ripe tannins. The wine is ready to drink. END
START HERE This Romanian Chardonnay is golden straw in color with green reflections. It has aromas of green apple and Bartlett pear and flavors of lemon, apple and peach juice. The finish is crisp, but just a touch too acidic.', 'A French version of a brand that is more familiar in Chile as Viña San Esteban, this wine has more stylistically to do with South America than southwest France. It is soft, juicy, rounded and with attractive ripe tannins. The wine is ready to drink.', "Uncomplicated and tasty, this is a nice Cabernet for everyday purposes. It's dry and silky, with pleasant cherry, blackberry, mocha and cedar flavors. END
START HERE A French version of a brand that is more familiar in Chile as Viña San Esteban, this wine has more stylistically to do with South America than southwest France. It is soft, juicy, rounded and with attractive ripe tannins. The wine is ready to drink.', "Uncomplicated and tasty, this is a nice Cabernet for everyday purposes. It's dry and silky, with pleasant cherry, blackberry, mocha and cedar flavors.", 'This pale rosé blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot is fruity with crisp strawberry fruits and acidity. It has a soft perfumed aftertaste that makes it immediately attractive. Drink now. END
START HERE Uncomplicated and tasty, this is a nice Cabernet for everyday purposes. It's dry and silky, with pleasant cherry, blackberry, mocha and cedar flavors.", 'This pale rosé blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot is fruity with crisp strawberry fruits and acidity. It has a soft perfumed aftertaste that makes it immediately attractive. Drink now.', 'Fruity in blackberry and cherry flavors, this is easy to drink, with a good acid-tannin balance. END
START HERE This pale rosé blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot is fruity with crisp strawberry fruits and acidity. It has a soft perfumed aftertaste that makes it immediately attractive. Drink now.', 'Fruity in blackberry and cherry flavors, this is easy to drink, with a good acid-tannin balance.', 'This is made from the most widely planted red grape in Vinho Verde, Vinhão. It is soft and juicy with a ripe character and almond and caramel flavors. Drink now. END
START HERE Fruity in blackberry and cherry flavors, this is easy to drink, with a good acid-tannin balance.', 'This is made from the most widely planted red grape in Vinho Verde, Vinhão. It is soft and juicy with a ripe character and almond and caramel flavors. Drink now.', 'Opens with aromas of black cherry, pepper, herbs and rubber. The palate is sort of flat and low in intensity, with smooth but basic flavors of vanilla and berry compote. Tastes sort of roasted and minty on the finish, but also full and sweet. END
START HERE This is made from the most widely planted red grape in Vinho Verde, Vinhão. It is soft and juicy with a ripe character and almond and caramel flavors. Drink now.', 'Opens with aromas of black cherry, pepper, herbs and rubber. The palate is sort of flat and low in intensity, with smooth but basic flavors of vanilla and berry compote. Tastes sort of roasted and minty on the finish, but also full and sweet.', "Mildly sharp and herbal smelling, with olive, plum and leather aromas. Healthy in the mouth, maybe a touch needle-like, but overall the wine's dry red fruit, pepper and herbal accents seem right for the category it's playing in. Good for under $10. END
START HERE Opens with aromas of black cherry, pepper, herbs and rubber. The palate is sort of flat and low in intensity, with smooth but basic flavors of vanilla and berry compote. Tastes sort of roasted and minty on the finish, but also full and sweet.', "Mildly sharp and herbal smelling, with olive, plum and leather aromas. Healthy in the mouth, maybe a touch needle-like, but overall the wine's dry red fruit, pepper and herbal accents seem right for the category it's playing in. Good for under $10.", 'Ruby garnet in color, this has aromas of red plums, purple flowers and black fruit conserves. There are nice bright fruit flavors on the palate, with touches of tobacco leaf and tart cherry on the finish. END
START HERE Mildly sharp and herbal smelling, with olive, plum and leather aromas. Healthy in the mouth, maybe a touch needle-like, but overall the wine's dry red fruit, pepper and herbal accents seem right for the category it's playing in. Good for under $10.", 'Ruby garnet in color, this has aromas of red plums, purple flowers and black fruit conserves. There are nice bright fruit flavors on the palate, with touches of tobacco leaf and tart cherry on the finish.', 'This delicious, fruity, lightly sweet wine blends ripe berries and black cherries on a smooth, supple texture. A touch of lip-smacking tannin balances it out. END
START HERE Ruby garnet in color, this has aromas of red plums, purple flowers and black fruit conserves. There are nice bright fruit flavors on the palate, with touches of tobacco leaf and tart cherry on the finish.', 'This delicious, fruity, lightly sweet wine blends ripe berries and black cherries on a smooth, supple texture. A touch of lip-smacking tannin balances it out.', 'Chemical-leaning aromas jump out on a last-legs nose. This feels dull and low on pulse, with only a hint of acidity. Mealy bitter apricot flavors finish pithy. END
START HERE This delicious, fruity, lightly sweet wine blends ripe berries and black cherries on a smooth, supple texture. A touch of lip-smacking tannin balances it out.', 'Chemical-leaning aromas jump out on a last-legs nose. This feels dull and low on pulse, with only a hint of acidity. Mealy bitter apricot flavors finish pithy.', 'Pickled on the nose, with aromas that hint at white grapes such as Verdejo. This is jumpy and unsettled, with citrus and white grapefruit flavors leaving a tangy burn on the finish. Jangled and sharp. END
START HERE Chemical-leaning aromas jump out on a last-legs nose. This feels dull and low on pulse, with only a hint of acidity. Mealy bitter apricot flavors finish pithy.', 'Pickled on the nose, with aromas that hint at white grapes such as Verdejo. This is jumpy and unsettled, with citrus and white grapefruit flavors leaving a tangy burn on the finish. Jangled and sharp.', 'Powdery aromas of bath soap are more generic than varietal. The mouthfeel is a touch gritty, while flavors include sulfur, bitterness, pithy white fruits and citrus. An almond-skin bitterness and a chalky feel define the finish. END
START HERE Pickled on the nose, with aromas that hint at white grapes such as Verdejo. This is jumpy and unsettled, with citrus and white grapefruit flavors leaving a tangy burn on the finish. Jangled and sharp.', 'Powdery aromas of bath soap are more generic than varietal. The mouthfeel is a touch gritty, while flavors include sulfur, bitterness, pithy white fruits and citrus. An almond-skin bitterness and a chalky feel define the finish.', "A firm, dry wine with good fruit, featuring touches of blackberry along with a solid tannic core. It's a wine for the medium-term, say 2–4 years. END
START HERE Powdery aromas of bath soap are more generic than varietal. The mouthfeel is a touch gritty, while flavors include sulfur, bitterness, pithy white fruits and citrus. An almond-skin bitterness and a chalky feel define the finish.', "A firm, dry wine with good fruit, featuring touches of blackberry along with a solid tannic core. It's a wine for the medium-term, say 2–4 years.", "Pale straw in color, this wine has aromas of lemon peel, dried herb and lemon blossom. It's zesty on the palate, with flavors of lemon peel and green apple. END
START HERE A firm, dry wine with good fruit, featuring touches of blackberry along with a solid tannic core. It's a wine for the medium-term, say 2–4 years.", "Pale straw in color, this wine has aromas of lemon peel, dried herb and lemon blossom. It's zesty on the palate, with flavors of lemon peel and green apple.", "If you like your white wines fruity and sweet, this one's for you. It has pretty flavors of peaches, honey and spices. END
START HERE Pale straw in color, this wine has aromas of lemon peel, dried herb and lemon blossom. It's zesty on the palate, with flavors of lemon peel and green apple.", "If you like your white wines fruity and sweet, this one's for you. It has pretty flavors of peaches, honey and spices.", 'Scattershot aromas of generic berry and cinnamon smell forced and fake. This has a tannic scrubbing mouthfeel and artificial flavors of chocolate and cheap oak. A green note and burn on the finish do nothing to help this along. END
START HERE If you like your white wines fruity and sweet, this one's for you. It has pretty flavors of peaches, honey and spices.", 'Scattershot aromas of generic berry and cinnamon smell forced and fake. This has a tannic scrubbing mouthfeel and artificial flavors of chocolate and cheap oak. A green note and burn on the finish do nothing to help this along.', 'This budget-priced Syrah is lean and peppery, with plenty of color and tannin. There are simple flavors of red currants, supported with lightly earthy tannins and proportionate acids. END
START HERE Scattershot aromas of generic berry and cinnamon smell forced and fake. This has a tannic scrubbing mouthfeel and artificial flavors of chocolate and cheap oak. A green note and burn on the finish do nothing to help this along.', 'This budget-priced Syrah is lean and peppery, with plenty of color and tannin. There are simple flavors of red currants, supported with lightly earthy tannins and proportionate acids.', 'A subtle pink color, worthy of Provence, marks this wine with its attractive acidity and soft texture. There is only a hint of tannin to remind that this raspberry-flavored wine comes from Syrah. It is crisp and ready to drink. END
START HERE This budget-priced Syrah is lean and peppery, with plenty of color and tannin. There are simple flavors of red currants, supported with lightly earthy tannins and proportionate acids.', 'A subtle pink color, worthy of Provence, marks this wine with its attractive acidity and soft texture. There is only a hint of tannin to remind that this raspberry-flavored wine comes from Syrah. It is crisp and ready to drink.', "A long with aromas of dried cheese, earth and rubber, there's enough clean black fruit to bring it home. The palate is snappy and fresh, with edgy, lively plum and berry flavors. The finish is short but offers some flashes of quality. Basic but solid Cab. END
START HERE A subtle pink color, worthy of Provence, marks this wine with its attractive acidity and soft texture. There is only a hint of tannin to remind that this raspberry-flavored wine comes from Syrah. It is crisp and ready to drink.', "A long with aromas of dried cheese, earth and rubber, there's enough clean black fruit to bring it home. The palate is snappy and fresh, with edgy, lively plum and berry flavors. The finish is short but offers some flashes of quality. Basic but solid Cab.", 'With 20% barrel fermentation, this wine is surprisingly rich and spicy for a low-end Chard. The aromas and flavors bring to mind pears and golden-delicious apples, before turning tart on the finish. END
START HERE A long with aromas of dried cheese, earth and rubber, there's enough clean black fruit to bring it home. The palate is snappy and fresh, with edgy, lively plum and berry flavors. The finish is short but offers some flashes of quality. Basic but solid Cab.", 'With 20% barrel fermentation, this wine is surprisingly rich and spicy for a low-end Chard. The aromas and flavors bring to mind pears and golden-delicious apples, before turning tart on the finish.', 'Muddled candied aromas smell uniquely unnatural and forced. This is choppy and jagged in the mouth, while a strange set of fake-oak and murky berry flavors are prominently on display. END
START HERE With 20% barrel fermentation, this wine is surprisingly rich and spicy for a low-end Chard. The aromas and flavors bring to mind pears and golden-delicious apples, before turning tart on the finish.', 'Muddled candied aromas smell uniquely unnatural and forced. This is choppy and jagged in the mouth, while a strange set of fake-oak and murky berry flavors are prominently on display.', 'Largely neutral from front to back, with citrus and apple on the nose. Easygoing and basic in the mouth, with green melon and apple flavors in front of an inoffensive, slightly bitter and pithy finish. END
START HERE Muddled candied aromas smell uniquely unnatural and forced. This is choppy and jagged in the mouth, while a strange set of fake-oak and murky berry flavors are prominently on display.', 'Largely neutral from front to back, with citrus and apple on the nose. Easygoing and basic in the mouth, with green melon and apple flavors in front of an inoffensive, slightly bitter and pithy finish.', 'Prickly pickled aromas are offset by candied fruit notes, while the palate is thin and candied, with nectarine and other less-than-berry flavors. An edgy wine that does little for the image of the obscure Bonarda grape. END
START HERE Largely neutral from front to back, with citrus and apple on the nose. Easygoing and basic in the mouth, with green melon and apple flavors in front of an inoffensive, slightly bitter and pithy finish.', 'Prickly pickled aromas are offset by candied fruit notes, while the palate is thin and candied, with nectarine and other less-than-berry flavors. An edgy wine that does little for the image of the obscure Bonarda grape.', 'In a modern, smooth style, with plush fruit and dusty tannins, this is a ripe, open wine, an easy expression of Malbec, New World in its fruitiness. END
START HERE Prickly pickled aromas are offset by candied fruit notes, while the palate is thin and candied, with nectarine and other less-than-berry flavors. An edgy wine that does little for the image of the obscure Bonarda grape.', 'In a modern, smooth style, with plush fruit and dusty tannins, this is a ripe, open wine, an easy expression of Malbec, New World in its fruitiness.', 'Mostly neutral aromas include hints of strawberry and chewing gum. This wine feels dilute, with tangy, tart flavors of pink grapefruit. Pointy, sharp acidity allows the finish to hang around. END
START HERE In a modern, smooth style, with plush fruit and dusty tannins, this is a ripe, open wine, an easy expression of Malbec, New World in its fruitiness.', 'Mostly neutral aromas include hints of strawberry and chewing gum. This wine feels dilute, with tangy, tart flavors of pink grapefruit. Pointy, sharp acidity allows the finish to hang around.', "The aromas of ripe peach, honeysuckle and jasmine are bright. It's medium sweet and finishes with a floral soap flourish. It needs more acid to stand it up but goes down easy. END
START HERE Mostly neutral aromas include hints of strawberry and chewing gum. This wine feels dilute, with tangy, tart flavors of pink grapefruit. Pointy, sharp acidity allows the finish to hang around.', "The aromas of ripe peach, honeysuckle and jasmine are bright. It's medium sweet and finishes with a floral soap flourish. It needs more acid to stand it up but goes down easy.", "Basic sweet berry aromas come across like fruit punch. The palate has a standard, solid mouthfeel and generic berry flavors. A little bit medicinal on the finish, and overall it's your regular everyday red wine with not much varietal character. 50% each Sangiovese and Bonarda. END
START HERE The aromas of ripe peach, honeysuckle and jasmine are bright. It's medium sweet and finishes with a floral soap flourish. It needs more acid to stand it up but goes down easy.", "Basic sweet berry aromas come across like fruit punch. The palate has a standard, solid mouthfeel and generic berry flavors. A little bit medicinal on the finish, and overall it's your regular everyday red wine with not much varietal character. 50% each Sangiovese and Bonarda.", 'Opens with floral berry aromas and standard-issue black fruit notes. The palate has moderate weight and stickiness, while the flavors of cassis, berry and rubber are smoky. Juicy and alert enough, but also dense and rich, with caramel and berry syrup on the finish. END
START HERE Basic sweet berry aromas come across like fruit punch. The palate has a standard, solid mouthfeel and generic berry flavors. A little bit medicinal on the finish, and overall it's your regular everyday red wine with not much varietal character. 50% each Sangiovese and Bonarda.", 'Opens with floral berry aromas and standard-issue black fruit notes. The palate has moderate weight and stickiness, while the flavors of cassis, berry and rubber are smoky. Juicy and alert enough, but also dense and rich, with caramel and berry syrup on the finish.', "The aromas are vibrant, with notes of pear, honeysuckle and peach. The palate is full flavored, dry as promised, with a zing of tart acidity that stitches it all together. It's an outstanding value that shows a beautiful sense of balance. END
START HERE Opens with floral berry aromas and standard-issue black fruit notes. The palate has moderate weight and stickiness, while the flavors of cassis, berry and rubber are smoky. Juicy and alert enough, but also dense and rich, with caramel and berry syrup on the finish.', "The aromas are vibrant, with notes of pear, honeysuckle and peach. The palate is full flavored, dry as promised, with a zing of tart acidity that stitches it all together. It's an outstanding value that shows a beautiful sense of balance.", "Ripe but not jammy fruit flavors and firm texture make this a stand-up wine, even if it weren't such a great value. It has classic dark berry and light herb aromas, deep, fruity flavors and a big but plush mouthfeel. END
START HERE The aromas are vibrant, with notes of pear, honeysuckle and peach. The palate is full flavored, dry as promised, with a zing of tart acidity that stitches it all together. It's an outstanding value that shows a beautiful sense of balance.", "Ripe but not jammy fruit flavors and firm texture make this a stand-up wine, even if it weren't such a great value. It has classic dark berry and light herb aromas, deep, fruity flavors and a big but plush mouthfeel.", 'A simple, everyday wine. Tastes grapey and jammy, with blackberries, cherries and raspberries that are distinctly sweet. END
START HERE Ripe but not jammy fruit flavors and firm texture make this a stand-up wine, even if it weren't such a great value. It has classic dark berry and light herb aromas, deep, fruity flavors and a big but plush mouthfeel.", 'A simple, everyday wine. Tastes grapey and jammy, with blackberries, cherries and raspberries that are distinctly sweet.', 'A soft but spicy nose starts this flavorful sip from Thorntree. Open, fresh and friendly on the palate, the wine has a simple but elegant character. Pair with poultry, grilled seafood or enjoy every day on its own. END
START HERE A simple, everyday wine. Tastes grapey and jammy, with blackberries, cherries and raspberries that are distinctly sweet.', 'A soft but spicy nose starts this flavorful sip from Thorntree. Open, fresh and friendly on the palate, the wine has a simple but elegant character. Pair with poultry, grilled seafood or enjoy every day on its own.', "From the estate's oldest vines this offers lively berry nuances backed by measured spice, leather and smoke. There's a good quality of berry fruit here and although the wine is simple and straightforward, it would match a long list of pasta and easy meat dishes. END
START HERE A soft but spicy nose starts this flavorful sip from Thorntree. Open, fresh and friendly on the palate, the wine has a simple but elegant character. Pair with poultry, grilled seafood or enjoy every day on its own.', "From the estate's oldest vines this offers lively berry nuances backed by measured spice, leather and smoke. There's a good quality of berry fruit here and although the wine is simple and straightforward, it would match a long list of pasta and easy meat dishes.", 'Aromas of bath soap, air freshener and vegetal fruits lead to a tangy, linear palate with green flavors mixed with citrus and melon. This basic Chard holds onto those green-ish characteristics on the finish. END
START HERE From the estate's oldest vines this offers lively berry nuances backed by measured spice, leather and smoke. There's a good quality of berry fruit here and although the wine is simple and straightforward, it would match a long list of pasta and easy meat dishes.", 'Aromas of bath soap, air freshener and vegetal fruits lead to a tangy, linear palate with green flavors mixed with citrus and melon. This basic Chard holds onto those green-ish characteristics on the finish.', "Although it's a little slender and simple, it's good for the price and offers pleasant cherry and spice flavors that finish dry. END
START HERE Aromas of bath soap, air freshener and vegetal fruits lead to a tangy, linear palate with green flavors mixed with citrus and melon. This basic Chard holds onto those green-ish characteristics on the finish.', "Although it's a little slender and simple, it's good for the price and offers pleasant cherry and spice flavors that finish dry.", 'Fresh, clean and easy with ripe aromas of red apple flesh and hard nectarine on the nose and a solid lime-driven citrus core that livens up the palate and the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Although it's a little slender and simple, it's good for the price and offers pleasant cherry and spice flavors that finish dry.", 'Fresh, clean and easy with ripe aromas of red apple flesh and hard nectarine on the nose and a solid lime-driven citrus core that livens up the palate and the finish. Drink now.', 'Bright, fresh strawberries combine with a hint of green herbs for an attractive nose. But the flavors of this 50-50 blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot are less effusive. Still, it finishes lemony and tart, making it a fine summer sipper. END
START HERE Fresh, clean and easy with ripe aromas of red apple flesh and hard nectarine on the nose and a solid lime-driven citrus core that livens up the palate and the finish. Drink now.', 'Bright, fresh strawberries combine with a hint of green herbs for an attractive nose. But the flavors of this 50-50 blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot are less effusive. Still, it finishes lemony and tart, making it a fine summer sipper.', 'Light and fruity with pineapple, melon and apple. This fruit forward, food-friendly wine has natural acids and a delicate balance. For the money it is a fine choice to accompany seafood, poultry and pasta salads. END
START HERE Bright, fresh strawberries combine with a hint of green herbs for an attractive nose. But the flavors of this 50-50 blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot are less effusive. Still, it finishes lemony and tart, making it a fine summer sipper.', 'Light and fruity with pineapple, melon and apple. This fruit forward, food-friendly wine has natural acids and a delicate balance. For the money it is a fine choice to accompany seafood, poultry and pasta salads.', 'While very flavorful, this wine is more of a dessert drink than a lunch or dinner wine. It smells sweet and earthy, feels unctous and tastes sweet, especially on the finish. END
START HERE Light and fruity with pineapple, melon and apple. This fruit forward, food-friendly wine has natural acids and a delicate balance. For the money it is a fine choice to accompany seafood, poultry and pasta salads.', 'While very flavorful, this wine is more of a dessert drink than a lunch or dinner wine. It smells sweet and earthy, feels unctous and tastes sweet, especially on the finish.', 'Light and easy with a great lift to the green plum, hard guava and banana notes. Lively but not overly zippy or mouth-puckering on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE While very flavorful, this wine is more of a dessert drink than a lunch or dinner wine. It smells sweet and earthy, feels unctous and tastes sweet, especially on the finish.', 'Light and easy with a great lift to the green plum, hard guava and banana notes. Lively but not overly zippy or mouth-puckering on the finish. Drink now.', 'Chewing gum and light berry aromas come with a floral note. Crystal clear and lean on the palate, this tastes of mild citrus fruits and peach pit. Dry on the finish, with a nip of grapefruit. END
START HERE Light and easy with a great lift to the green plum, hard guava and banana notes. Lively but not overly zippy or mouth-puckering on the finish. Drink now.', 'Chewing gum and light berry aromas come with a floral note. Crystal clear and lean on the palate, this tastes of mild citrus fruits and peach pit. Dry on the finish, with a nip of grapefruit.', 'Brambly red-fruit aromas mix with notes of sweet milk chocolate and dust. It feels crisp, tight and fresh, with raspberry and lightly herbal plum flavors. This finishes taut and fruity. A blend of 75% Garnacha and 25% Tempranillo. END
START HERE Chewing gum and light berry aromas come with a floral note. Crystal clear and lean on the palate, this tastes of mild citrus fruits and peach pit. Dry on the finish, with a nip of grapefruit.', 'Brambly red-fruit aromas mix with notes of sweet milk chocolate and dust. It feels crisp, tight and fresh, with raspberry and lightly herbal plum flavors. This finishes taut and fruity. A blend of 75% Garnacha and 25% Tempranillo.', "A glassy, crisp style of SB from Bío Bío in Chile's south. The nose is pungent and slick, while the palate has a smooth, tangy set of green fruit flavors like lime and apple. Reserved on the finish, with chiseled acids and fresh simplicity. END
START HERE Brambly red-fruit aromas mix with notes of sweet milk chocolate and dust. It feels crisp, tight and fresh, with raspberry and lightly herbal plum flavors. This finishes taut and fruity. A blend of 75% Garnacha and 25% Tempranillo.', "A glassy, crisp style of SB from Bío Bío in Chile's south. The nose is pungent and slick, while the palate has a smooth, tangy set of green fruit flavors like lime and apple. Reserved on the finish, with chiseled acids and fresh simplicity.", "Vanilla, pear and a whiff of wintergreen make the nose intriguing, but after that it's commercial mango and pineapple flavors with a pithy finish. A sweet, overpumped Chardonnay. END
START HERE A glassy, crisp style of SB from Bío Bío in Chile's south. The nose is pungent and slick, while the palate has a smooth, tangy set of green fruit flavors like lime and apple. Reserved on the finish, with chiseled acids and fresh simplicity.", "Vanilla, pear and a whiff of wintergreen make the nose intriguing, but after that it's commercial mango and pineapple flavors with a pithy finish. A sweet, overpumped Chardonnay.", "Cherry and plum aromas carry the mildest touch of stem, yet the palate is reasonably stocky. Cherry and chocolate flavors may seem slightly confected, but given the wine's price it's hard to register many complaints. A creamy and flavorful finish makes this well worth the money. END
START HERE Vanilla, pear and a whiff of wintergreen make the nose intriguing, but after that it's commercial mango and pineapple flavors with a pithy finish. A sweet, overpumped Chardonnay.", "Cherry and plum aromas carry the mildest touch of stem, yet the palate is reasonably stocky. Cherry and chocolate flavors may seem slightly confected, but given the wine's price it's hard to register many complaints. A creamy and flavorful finish makes this well worth the money.", "This Moldovan Merlot has aromas of eucalyptus, dark chocolate and raspberry with flavors of cherry, black plum and a touch of baking spices. There's a nice minty lift in the midpalate, with a bright fruit finish and persistent tannins. END
START HERE Cherry and plum aromas carry the mildest touch of stem, yet the palate is reasonably stocky. Cherry and chocolate flavors may seem slightly confected, but given the wine's price it's hard to register many complaints. A creamy and flavorful finish makes this well worth the money.", "This Moldovan Merlot has aromas of eucalyptus, dark chocolate and raspberry with flavors of cherry, black plum and a touch of baking spices. There's a nice minty lift in the midpalate, with a bright fruit finish and persistent tannins.", "What a nice Riesling, and look at that price. It's crisp and rich, with an oily texture and interesting flavors of citrus, honeysuckle and that complex organic taste known as diesel or lighter fluid. Although there's a sweet finish, the wine is fundamentally dry. This is one of the best values now on the American market. END
START HERE This Moldovan Merlot has aromas of eucalyptus, dark chocolate and raspberry with flavors of cherry, black plum and a touch of baking spices. There's a nice minty lift in the midpalate, with a bright fruit finish and persistent tannins.", "What a nice Riesling, and look at that price. It's crisp and rich, with an oily texture and interesting flavors of citrus, honeysuckle and that complex organic taste known as diesel or lighter fluid. Although there's a sweet finish, the wine is fundamentally dry. This is one of the best values now on the American market.", "With honest PN aromas of cherry, rhubarb, currant and spice, this registers as something Pinot drinkers can relate to. There's modest weight and good acidity, with spicy, tea-influenced flavors of plum and raspberry. Dry with some cocoa on the finish. Surprisingly nice for a $9 Chilean Pinot. END
START HERE What a nice Riesling, and look at that price. It's crisp and rich, with an oily texture and interesting flavors of citrus, honeysuckle and that complex organic taste known as diesel or lighter fluid. Although there's a sweet finish, the wine is fundamentally dry. This is one of the best values now on the American market.", "With honest PN aromas of cherry, rhubarb, currant and spice, this registers as something Pinot drinkers can relate to. There's modest weight and good acidity, with spicy, tea-influenced flavors of plum and raspberry. Dry with some cocoa on the finish. Surprisingly nice for a $9 Chilean Pinot.", 'Teased in blackberry jam with a sizable structure and robust tannins, the wine combines 42% Petite Sirah with smaller amounts of Syrah, Pinotage, Primitivo, Zinfandel and other varieties into a straightforward package. END
START HERE With honest PN aromas of cherry, rhubarb, currant and spice, this registers as something Pinot drinkers can relate to. There's modest weight and good acidity, with spicy, tea-influenced flavors of plum and raspberry. Dry with some cocoa on the finish. Surprisingly nice for a $9 Chilean Pinot.", 'Teased in blackberry jam with a sizable structure and robust tannins, the wine combines 42% Petite Sirah with smaller amounts of Syrah, Pinotage, Primitivo, Zinfandel and other varieties into a straightforward package.', "A straightforward example of Chilean SB, meaning there's citrus and mineral on the nose, juicy acidity and lime, grapefruit and tangerine flavors. It's clean and solid, with slight pithiness. Delivers a lot for $9; drink now. END
START HERE Teased in blackberry jam with a sizable structure and robust tannins, the wine combines 42% Petite Sirah with smaller amounts of Syrah, Pinotage, Primitivo, Zinfandel and other varieties into a straightforward package.', "A straightforward example of Chilean SB, meaning there's citrus and mineral on the nose, juicy acidity and lime, grapefruit and tangerine flavors. It's clean and solid, with slight pithiness. Delivers a lot for $9; drink now.", "Hard to say if this is a dessert wine or a rosé, because it's fairly sweet. Let's call it a rosé. And a pretty one it is, with savory orange, raspberry and vanilla flavors, balanced with acidity. END
START HERE A straightforward example of Chilean SB, meaning there's citrus and mineral on the nose, juicy acidity and lime, grapefruit and tangerine flavors. It's clean and solid, with slight pithiness. Delivers a lot for $9; drink now.", "Hard to say if this is a dessert wine or a rosé, because it's fairly sweet. Let's call it a rosé. And a pretty one it is, with savory orange, raspberry and vanilla flavors, balanced with acidity.", 'Offering aromas of blackberry, strawberry and green bell pepper, this wine has flavors of raspberry, strawberry, black cherry and leather. The fruit flavors are jammy on the palate and strong tannins and equally strong acidity make for a pleasing wine. END
START HERE Hard to say if this is a dessert wine or a rosé, because it's fairly sweet. Let's call it a rosé. And a pretty one it is, with savory orange, raspberry and vanilla flavors, balanced with acidity.", 'Offering aromas of blackberry, strawberry and green bell pepper, this wine has flavors of raspberry, strawberry, black cherry and leather. The fruit flavors are jammy on the palate and strong tannins and equally strong acidity make for a pleasing wine.', "Although the nose and palate are mildly briny and green, there's enough cherry and berry fruit to keep this good-value red's head above water. A slightly grating mouthfeel isn't too punishing, while a long, aggressive finish comes with spice, mint, pepper and a final note of brine and green. END
START HERE Offering aromas of blackberry, strawberry and green bell pepper, this wine has flavors of raspberry, strawberry, black cherry and leather. The fruit flavors are jammy on the palate and strong tannins and equally strong acidity make for a pleasing wine.', "Although the nose and palate are mildly briny and green, there's enough cherry and berry fruit to keep this good-value red's head above water. A slightly grating mouthfeel isn't too punishing, while a long, aggressive finish comes with spice, mint, pepper and a final note of brine and green.", 'This rosé, made from Pinot Noir and Syrah, is brilliant pink in color, with aromas of strawberry and cream. The silky palate shows pronounced red cherry and vanilla flavors. END
START HERE Although the nose and palate are mildly briny and green, there's enough cherry and berry fruit to keep this good-value red's head above water. A slightly grating mouthfeel isn't too punishing, while a long, aggressive finish comes with spice, mint, pepper and a final note of brine and green.", 'This rosé, made from Pinot Noir and Syrah, is brilliant pink in color, with aromas of strawberry and cream. The silky palate shows pronounced red cherry and vanilla flavors.', 'Dry, scratchy plum and raspberry aromas come before an energetic palate. Loud berry and plum flavors run quick and bright, finishing with candy-like cherry flavors and wham-bam acidity. END
START HERE This rosé, made from Pinot Noir and Syrah, is brilliant pink in color, with aromas of strawberry and cream. The silky palate shows pronounced red cherry and vanilla flavors.', 'Dry, scratchy plum and raspberry aromas come before an energetic palate. Loud berry and plum flavors run quick and bright, finishing with candy-like cherry flavors and wham-bam acidity.', 'This Merlot has a nose of violets, cherry cola and talc powder. In the mouth, it tastes like red berries, blackberries and finishes with touch of milk chocolate. END
START HERE Dry, scratchy plum and raspberry aromas come before an energetic palate. Loud berry and plum flavors run quick and bright, finishing with candy-like cherry flavors and wham-bam acidity.', 'This Merlot has a nose of violets, cherry cola and talc powder. In the mouth, it tastes like red berries, blackberries and finishes with touch of milk chocolate.', "There's an uneasy mix of aromas of berry, green olive, herbs and tire rubber on this wine. The flavors seem light and dilute. END
START HERE This Merlot has a nose of violets, cherry cola and talc powder. In the mouth, it tastes like red berries, blackberries and finishes with touch of milk chocolate.', "There's an uneasy mix of aromas of berry, green olive, herbs and tire rubber on this wine. The flavors seem light and dilute.", "A new offering from the country's largest producer of Rieslings, this fits an emerging off-dry category, with 11% alcohol and 4.7% residual sugar. It's a slightly sweeter companion to the winery's popular Columbia Valley bottling, with more of the honey and tea, less of the cool fruit flavors. END
START HERE There's an uneasy mix of aromas of berry, green olive, herbs and tire rubber on this wine. The flavors seem light and dilute.", "A new offering from the country's largest producer of Rieslings, this fits an emerging off-dry category, with 11% alcohol and 4.7% residual sugar. It's a slightly sweeter companion to the winery's popular Columbia Valley bottling, with more of the honey and tea, less of the cool fruit flavors.", 'Mild aromas of apple and generic white fruits are friendly enough. This has a monotone citrusy mouthfeel and flavors of tangerine and grapefruit. A bit of stalky corn and hay flavor rises up on the finish. END
START HERE A new offering from the country's largest producer of Rieslings, this fits an emerging off-dry category, with 11% alcohol and 4.7% residual sugar. It's a slightly sweeter companion to the winery's popular Columbia Valley bottling, with more of the honey and tea, less of the cool fruit flavors.", 'Mild aromas of apple and generic white fruits are friendly enough. This has a monotone citrusy mouthfeel and flavors of tangerine and grapefruit. A bit of stalky corn and hay flavor rises up on the finish.', "Aromas of sweet honey and caramelized sugar on this Bulgarian Riesling belie a palate that's crisp, dry and bristling with acidity. Fresh lemon and apple flavors lack concentration but finish briskly with a hint of dusty minerality. END
START HERE Mild aromas of apple and generic white fruits are friendly enough. This has a monotone citrusy mouthfeel and flavors of tangerine and grapefruit. A bit of stalky corn and hay flavor rises up on the finish.', "Aromas of sweet honey and caramelized sugar on this Bulgarian Riesling belie a palate that's crisp, dry and bristling with acidity. Fresh lemon and apple flavors lack concentration but finish briskly with a hint of dusty minerality.", 'This lovely Chardonnay has just the right blend of juicy peaches and subtle herbs and flowers to make it easy to drink, yet interesting enough to hold your attention. Finishes long and mouthwatering. END
START HERE Aromas of sweet honey and caramelized sugar on this Bulgarian Riesling belie a palate that's crisp, dry and bristling with acidity. Fresh lemon and apple flavors lack concentration but finish briskly with a hint of dusty minerality.", 'This lovely Chardonnay has just the right blend of juicy peaches and subtle herbs and flowers to make it easy to drink, yet interesting enough to hold your attention. Finishes long and mouthwatering.', 'Fleshy, melony and tropical smelling, with a bit of warm radiator dust. The palate is plump but maintains a level of freshness, zest and clarity. Tastes citrusy up front and then shows a softer, more melony side. Quite good for under $10. END
START HERE This lovely Chardonnay has just the right blend of juicy peaches and subtle herbs and flowers to make it easy to drink, yet interesting enough to hold your attention. Finishes long and mouthwatering.', 'Fleshy, melony and tropical smelling, with a bit of warm radiator dust. The palate is plump but maintains a level of freshness, zest and clarity. Tastes citrusy up front and then shows a softer, more melony side. Quite good for under $10.', "A heavy, cheesy-smelling wine that turns rougher and more gaseous as it opens. The palate is high in acidity, yielding underdeveloped, tart black cherry and plum flavors. Sharp on the finish, with a lean feel. Doesn't ever find a groove. END
START HERE Fleshy, melony and tropical smelling, with a bit of warm radiator dust. The palate is plump but maintains a level of freshness, zest and clarity. Tastes citrusy up front and then shows a softer, more melony side. Quite good for under $10.', "A heavy, cheesy-smelling wine that turns rougher and more gaseous as it opens. The palate is high in acidity, yielding underdeveloped, tart black cherry and plum flavors. Sharp on the finish, with a lean feel. Doesn't ever find a groove.", 'Lively nectarine and citrus aromas give it early life, and the palate is equally zesty, with tangerine and pineapple flavors. This is good Sauvignon Blanc for Argentina, with plenty of citrus but not a lot of nuance or complexity. END
START HERE A heavy, cheesy-smelling wine that turns rougher and more gaseous as it opens. The palate is high in acidity, yielding underdeveloped, tart black cherry and plum flavors. Sharp on the finish, with a lean feel. Doesn't ever find a groove.", 'Lively nectarine and citrus aromas give it early life, and the palate is equally zesty, with tangerine and pineapple flavors. This is good Sauvignon Blanc for Argentina, with plenty of citrus but not a lot of nuance or complexity.', "Fresh and fruity, this is a crisply made, drink-it-now rosé. With freshly crushed raspberries and light acidity, it's perfect for an apéritif. END
START HERE Lively nectarine and citrus aromas give it early life, and the palate is equally zesty, with tangerine and pineapple flavors. This is good Sauvignon Blanc for Argentina, with plenty of citrus but not a lot of nuance or complexity.', "Fresh and fruity, this is a crisply made, drink-it-now rosé. With freshly crushed raspberries and light acidity, it's perfect for an apéritif.", 'This is very fresh and nicely detailed, with just 13% alcohol allowing some of the more subtle Sauvignon Blanc flavors to show. Some of the oldest vines in the state—more than 35 years old—are a prime component. Melon, green apple, lime and grapefruit flavors all mingle; acids are just right and the balance could not be better for lighter seafood and poultry. END
START HERE Fresh and fruity, this is a crisply made, drink-it-now rosé. With freshly crushed raspberries and light acidity, it's perfect for an apéritif.", 'This is very fresh and nicely detailed, with just 13% alcohol allowing some of the more subtle Sauvignon Blanc flavors to show. Some of the oldest vines in the state—more than 35 years old—are a prime component. Melon, green apple, lime and grapefruit flavors all mingle; acids are just right and the balance could not be better for lighter seafood and poultry.', 'Aromas of honeysuckle and ripe peach lead to lightly spritzy medium-sweet stone-fruit flavors. It provides easy-drinking appeal. END
START HERE This is very fresh and nicely detailed, with just 13% alcohol allowing some of the more subtle Sauvignon Blanc flavors to show. Some of the oldest vines in the state—more than 35 years old—are a prime component. Melon, green apple, lime and grapefruit flavors all mingle; acids are just right and the balance could not be better for lighter seafood and poultry.', 'Aromas of honeysuckle and ripe peach lead to lightly spritzy medium-sweet stone-fruit flavors. It provides easy-drinking appeal.', 'This offers aromatic notes of toasted grapenuts, pineapple and apricot. It drinks off dry, with a creamy feel to the light fruit flavors. END
START HERE Aromas of honeysuckle and ripe peach lead to lightly spritzy medium-sweet stone-fruit flavors. It provides easy-drinking appeal.', 'This offers aromatic notes of toasted grapenuts, pineapple and apricot. It drinks off dry, with a creamy feel to the light fruit flavors.', 'Pretty good wine with only the mildest weedy, herbal notes. For the most part this is full, sunny Malbec; only a hint of green and finishing black pepper vies with the dark berry and plum flavors that one should expect. Decent balance; ordinary as a whole. END
START HERE This offers aromatic notes of toasted grapenuts, pineapple and apricot. It drinks off dry, with a creamy feel to the light fruit flavors.', 'Pretty good wine with only the mildest weedy, herbal notes. For the most part this is full, sunny Malbec; only a hint of green and finishing black pepper vies with the dark berry and plum flavors that one should expect. Decent balance; ordinary as a whole.', "The gold luster is eye grabbing, and the nose doesn't back off as it yields cream, vanilla and toast atop tropical fruit. The mouth is full, with creamy pear and apple fruit and lots of oak. It's on the plus side in terms of power and weight, but it's largely balanced and clean. END
START HERE Pretty good wine with only the mildest weedy, herbal notes. For the most part this is full, sunny Malbec; only a hint of green and finishing black pepper vies with the dark berry and plum flavors that one should expect. Decent balance; ordinary as a whole.', "The gold luster is eye grabbing, and the nose doesn't back off as it yields cream, vanilla and toast atop tropical fruit. The mouth is full, with creamy pear and apple fruit and lots of oak. It's on the plus side in terms of power and weight, but it's largely balanced and clean.", 'Cherry cough drop and other red fruit, medicinal aromas set up a standard, fresh palate with racy berry flavors and mild oak as a backdrop. Finishes with good smack, feel and controlled wood notes, but not much complexity or finesse. END
START HERE The gold luster is eye grabbing, and the nose doesn't back off as it yields cream, vanilla and toast atop tropical fruit. The mouth is full, with creamy pear and apple fruit and lots of oak. It's on the plus side in terms of power and weight, but it's largely balanced and clean.", 'Cherry cough drop and other red fruit, medicinal aromas set up a standard, fresh palate with racy berry flavors and mild oak as a backdrop. Finishes with good smack, feel and controlled wood notes, but not much complexity or finesse.', 'The Cabernet Sauvignon structure shows strongly in this firm wine. Mint and black currant flavors are dense and concentrated. The tannins give a dry character to the wine that contrasts with its fruitiness. Drink from 2017. END
START HERE Cherry cough drop and other red fruit, medicinal aromas set up a standard, fresh palate with racy berry flavors and mild oak as a backdrop. Finishes with good smack, feel and controlled wood notes, but not much complexity or finesse.', 'The Cabernet Sauvignon structure shows strongly in this firm wine. Mint and black currant flavors are dense and concentrated. The tannins give a dry character to the wine that contrasts with its fruitiness. Drink from 2017.', 'Almost neutral on the nose, an herbal arugula element finally emerges. The palate is light and crisp, with a bitter aftertaste. END
START HERE The Cabernet Sauvignon structure shows strongly in this firm wine. Mint and black currant flavors are dense and concentrated. The tannins give a dry character to the wine that contrasts with its fruitiness. Drink from 2017.', 'Almost neutral on the nose, an herbal arugula element finally emerges. The palate is light and crisp, with a bitter aftertaste.', "Pretty thin going, almost like a Sauvignon Blanc with its tart, citrusy fruit flavors and high acidity. Not a bad wine, but if you're looking for a rich, oaky Chardonnay, shop around. END
START HERE Almost neutral on the nose, an herbal arugula element finally emerges. The palate is light and crisp, with a bitter aftertaste.', "Pretty thin going, almost like a Sauvignon Blanc with its tart, citrusy fruit flavors and high acidity. Not a bad wine, but if you're looking for a rich, oaky Chardonnay, shop around.", 'This is soft, unfocused and gently fruity. Hints of herbal and citrus flavors give a green-fruit character to the wine, which has a tight, nervy aftertaste. END
START HERE Pretty thin going, almost like a Sauvignon Blanc with its tart, citrusy fruit flavors and high acidity. Not a bad wine, but if you're looking for a rich, oaky Chardonnay, shop around.", 'This is soft, unfocused and gently fruity. Hints of herbal and citrus flavors give a green-fruit character to the wine, which has a tight, nervy aftertaste.', "Not bad for a nine dollar Pinot Noir. It's properly dry and silky and crisp, with fruity flavors of cherries, raspberries and Dr. Pepper cola, leading to a spicy finish. END
START HERE This is soft, unfocused and gently fruity. Hints of herbal and citrus flavors give a green-fruit character to the wine, which has a tight, nervy aftertaste.', "Not bad for a nine dollar Pinot Noir. It's properly dry and silky and crisp, with fruity flavors of cherries, raspberries and Dr. Pepper cola, leading to a spicy finish.", "Bright in color but that's where the excitement ends. The nose has plum, cherry and nail polish aromas, while the palate is sour, sheer, overly acidic and tartaric to the max. Way too sour and sharp. END
START HERE Not bad for a nine dollar Pinot Noir. It's properly dry and silky and crisp, with fruity flavors of cherries, raspberries and Dr. Pepper cola, leading to a spicy finish.", "Bright in color but that's where the excitement ends. The nose has plum, cherry and nail polish aromas, while the palate is sour, sheer, overly acidic and tartaric to the max. Way too sour and sharp.", 'Notes of rubber and matchbook are about all that stand out on the nose of this rosé of Pinot Noir. A harmless-feeling palate tastes snappy but generic, with hints of citrus and tropical fruits but nothing specific. END
START HERE Bright in color but that's where the excitement ends. The nose has plum, cherry and nail polish aromas, while the palate is sour, sheer, overly acidic and tartaric to the max. Way too sour and sharp.", 'Notes of rubber and matchbook are about all that stand out on the nose of this rosé of Pinot Noir. A harmless-feeling palate tastes snappy but generic, with hints of citrus and tropical fruits but nothing specific.', "Big, bold, wild and dark, with mild burnt aromas backed by broad blackberry and plum flavors. This represents the fruity, thick style of Syrah, with additional notes of black olive and savory meat pie. It's not flawless but its pounding fruit character will earn its share of fans. END
START HERE Notes of rubber and matchbook are about all that stand out on the nose of this rosé of Pinot Noir. A harmless-feeling palate tastes snappy but generic, with hints of citrus and tropical fruits but nothing specific.', "Big, bold, wild and dark, with mild burnt aromas backed by broad blackberry and plum flavors. This represents the fruity, thick style of Syrah, with additional notes of black olive and savory meat pie. It's not flawless but its pounding fruit character will earn its share of fans.", "The nose features some plum and faint cedar aromas, but not a lot of intensity; the light black-cherry and cedar flavors incorporate some earthy nuances on the finish. Light and correct, but where's the beef?. END
START HERE Big, bold, wild and dark, with mild burnt aromas backed by broad blackberry and plum flavors. This represents the fruity, thick style of Syrah, with additional notes of black olive and savory meat pie. It's not flawless but its pounding fruit character will earn its share of fans.", "The nose features some plum and faint cedar aromas, but not a lot of intensity; the light black-cherry and cedar flavors incorporate some earthy nuances on the finish. Light and correct, but where's the beef?", 'With quite a bit of residual sugar, this Riesling is sweet, but balanced with crisp acidity that makes it clean and zesty. The flavors are of peaches, apricots, candied ginger, honeysuckle and vanilla. Low alcohol makes it easy to drink. END
START HERE The nose features some plum and faint cedar aromas, but not a lot of intensity; the light black-cherry and cedar flavors incorporate some earthy nuances on the finish. Light and correct, but where's the beef?", 'With quite a bit of residual sugar, this Riesling is sweet, but balanced with crisp acidity that makes it clean and zesty. The flavors are of peaches, apricots, candied ginger, honeysuckle and vanilla. Low alcohol makes it easy to drink.', 'This is fruity and clean, with plenty of pretty cherry-fruit flavor. A whiff of wood smoke and pipe tobacco carves its way through the fruit and into the finish. END
START HERE With quite a bit of residual sugar, this Riesling is sweet, but balanced with crisp acidity that makes it clean and zesty. The flavors are of peaches, apricots, candied ginger, honeysuckle and vanilla. Low alcohol makes it easy to drink.', 'This is fruity and clean, with plenty of pretty cherry-fruit flavor. A whiff of wood smoke and pipe tobacco carves its way through the fruit and into the finish.', 'Two Oceans offers a friendly, vibrant sip with this Sauvignon Blanc. Tropical fruit, gooseberry, some straw on the nose and simple, fresh citrus and fleshy tropical fruit flavors give the wine complexity. A fun white with some heft. END
START HERE This is fruity and clean, with plenty of pretty cherry-fruit flavor. A whiff of wood smoke and pipe tobacco carves its way through the fruit and into the finish.', 'Two Oceans offers a friendly, vibrant sip with this Sauvignon Blanc. Tropical fruit, gooseberry, some straw on the nose and simple, fresh citrus and fleshy tropical fruit flavors give the wine complexity. A fun white with some heft.', 'Lovely aromas pour from the glass, a heady mix of lime, Asian pear, cucumber and apple. In the mouth some sweet honey pours over the crisp fruit, and the wine feels lush and perfectly melded, despite its youth. Residual sugar is under 2% and the alcohol just 12%. END
START HERE Two Oceans offers a friendly, vibrant sip with this Sauvignon Blanc. Tropical fruit, gooseberry, some straw on the nose and simple, fresh citrus and fleshy tropical fruit flavors give the wine complexity. A fun white with some heft.', 'Lovely aromas pour from the glass, a heady mix of lime, Asian pear, cucumber and apple. In the mouth some sweet honey pours over the crisp fruit, and the wine feels lush and perfectly melded, despite its youth. Residual sugar is under 2% and the alcohol just 12%.', 'Fresh, minerally red-fruit aromas suggest raspberry and plum. This is juicy, crisp and nicely cut for under-$10 wine. A firm grip delivers both tannic bite and finesse, while pure red-fruit flavors suggest freshness. END
START HERE Lovely aromas pour from the glass, a heady mix of lime, Asian pear, cucumber and apple. In the mouth some sweet honey pours over the crisp fruit, and the wine feels lush and perfectly melded, despite its youth. Residual sugar is under 2% and the alcohol just 12%.', 'Fresh, minerally red-fruit aromas suggest raspberry and plum. This is juicy, crisp and nicely cut for under-$10 wine. A firm grip delivers both tannic bite and finesse, while pure red-fruit flavors suggest freshness.', 'Gritty, rubbery plum and berry aromas are also a touch smoky. This is solid in mouthfeel, with plum, cherry, spice and mild salty flavors. A dry finish with plenty of woodspice character is a bit hot. END
START HERE Fresh, minerally red-fruit aromas suggest raspberry and plum. This is juicy, crisp and nicely cut for under-$10 wine. A firm grip delivers both tannic bite and finesse, while pure red-fruit flavors suggest freshness.', 'Gritty, rubbery plum and berry aromas are also a touch smoky. This is solid in mouthfeel, with plum, cherry, spice and mild salty flavors. A dry finish with plenty of woodspice character is a bit hot.', 'Simple, no frills, lightly tasting of wild blackberries, this every- day Cabernet Sauvignon mixes in small amounts of Syrah, Merlot and a splash of Lemberger. It is crisp, varietal, and well-balanced. END
START HERE Gritty, rubbery plum and berry aromas are also a touch smoky. This is solid in mouthfeel, with plum, cherry, spice and mild salty flavors. A dry finish with plenty of woodspice character is a bit hot.', 'Simple, no frills, lightly tasting of wild blackberries, this every- day Cabernet Sauvignon mixes in small amounts of Syrah, Merlot and a splash of Lemberger. It is crisp, varietal, and well-balanced.', "Plum and cherry aromas seem a touch oxidized. The palate holds it together but doesn't offer much, while flavors of chunky berry and plum are hollow and show additional oxidation. Like many inexpensive 2011 rosés, this is past its prime. END
START HERE Simple, no frills, lightly tasting of wild blackberries, this every- day Cabernet Sauvignon mixes in small amounts of Syrah, Merlot and a splash of Lemberger. It is crisp, varietal, and well-balanced.', "Plum and cherry aromas seem a touch oxidized. The palate holds it together but doesn't offer much, while flavors of chunky berry and plum are hollow and show additional oxidation. Like many inexpensive 2011 rosés, this is past its prime.", 'Apple and pear, cracker and citrus, pineapple and a hint of residual sugar combine in a soundly made, all-purpose Chardonnay. The alcohol is just under 13%, and the wine was not put through malolactic fermentation, leaving it crisp and fresh. END
START HERE Plum and cherry aromas seem a touch oxidized. The palate holds it together but doesn't offer much, while flavors of chunky berry and plum are hollow and show additional oxidation. Like many inexpensive 2011 rosés, this is past its prime.", 'Apple and pear, cracker and citrus, pineapple and a hint of residual sugar combine in a soundly made, all-purpose Chardonnay. The alcohol is just under 13%, and the wine was not put through malolactic fermentation, leaving it crisp and fresh.', "A straightforward, easy drinker, this wine starts out a bit reductive before opening to show aromas of herbs, tire rubber, woodspice and blue fruit. It's medium bodied in style with a touch of sugar pulling it all together. END
START HERE Apple and pear, cracker and citrus, pineapple and a hint of residual sugar combine in a soundly made, all-purpose Chardonnay. The alcohol is just under 13%, and the wine was not put through malolactic fermentation, leaving it crisp and fresh.', "A straightforward, easy drinker, this wine starts out a bit reductive before opening to show aromas of herbs, tire rubber, woodspice and blue fruit. It's medium bodied in style with a touch of sugar pulling it all together.", 'Other than notes of white flowers and green herbs on the nose, this wine is all about canned peas and beans. The palate has texture and flesh, but the flavors are vegetal. END
START HERE A straightforward, easy drinker, this wine starts out a bit reductive before opening to show aromas of herbs, tire rubber, woodspice and blue fruit. It's medium bodied in style with a touch of sugar pulling it all together.", 'Other than notes of white flowers and green herbs on the nose, this wine is all about canned peas and beans. The palate has texture and flesh, but the flavors are vegetal.', "The 2004 and 2005 vintages of this wine were priced at $15, which gives some idea how fast the supply of Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc has increased. Kono's 2008 is on the light side, but tart and zippy, with a refreshing aspect to its pineapple and grapefruit flavors and herbal overtones. Drink now. END
START HERE Other than notes of white flowers and green herbs on the nose, this wine is all about canned peas and beans. The palate has texture and flesh, but the flavors are vegetal.', "The 2004 and 2005 vintages of this wine were priced at $15, which gives some idea how fast the supply of Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc has increased. Kono's 2008 is on the light side, but tart and zippy, with a refreshing aspect to its pineapple and grapefruit flavors and herbal overtones. Drink now.", "Features an impresive array of tropical fruit aromas and flavors, all delivered in a soft, round, mouthfilling style. It's easy to drink and easy to like. Imported by International Cellars. END
START HERE The 2004 and 2005 vintages of this wine were priced at $15, which gives some idea how fast the supply of Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc has increased. Kono's 2008 is on the light side, but tart and zippy, with a refreshing aspect to its pineapple and grapefruit flavors and herbal overtones. Drink now.", "Features an impresive array of tropical fruit aromas and flavors, all delivered in a soft, round, mouthfilling style. It's easy to drink and easy to like. Imported by International Cellars.", "Cherry and blackberry aromas come with spice and cool note of cola in this Monatrell-Syrah blend. It's narrow and tannic, with black fruit and desert herb flavors that finish dry and rubbery. END
START HERE Features an impresive array of tropical fruit aromas and flavors, all delivered in a soft, round, mouthfilling style. It's easy to drink and easy to like. Imported by International Cellars.", "Cherry and blackberry aromas come with spice and cool note of cola in this Monatrell-Syrah blend. It's narrow and tannic, with black fruit and desert herb flavors that finish dry and rubbery.", "This is a nice, low-key wine that won't make any enemies. It has crisp apple aromas, herbal touches and enough acidity to keep it lively on the palate. END
START HERE Cherry and blackberry aromas come with spice and cool note of cola in this Monatrell-Syrah blend. It's narrow and tannic, with black fruit and desert herb flavors that finish dry and rubbery.", "This is a nice, low-key wine that won't make any enemies. It has crisp apple aromas, herbal touches and enough acidity to keep it lively on the palate.", 'This light, gently fruity wine has a soft, candied pear and apple flavor that is open, immediately accessible. The wine is ready to drink. END
START HERE This is a nice, low-key wine that won't make any enemies. It has crisp apple aromas, herbal touches and enough acidity to keep it lively on the palate.", 'This light, gently fruity wine has a soft, candied pear and apple flavor that is open, immediately accessible. The wine is ready to drink.', 'Hints of menthol and cherry cough drop are upfront on the nose. Flavors of red currant, rhubarb and sour raspberry appear on the crisp, tart palate, finishing clean yet short. END
START HERE This light, gently fruity wine has a soft, candied pear and apple flavor that is open, immediately accessible. The wine is ready to drink.', 'Hints of menthol and cherry cough drop are upfront on the nose. Flavors of red currant, rhubarb and sour raspberry appear on the crisp, tart palate, finishing clean yet short.', "Tart, lean red fruit aromas don't give much reason to plow forward, but if you do expect a high-acidity wine with a snappy mouthfeel and flavors of rhubarb, red plum and raspberry. Not much body or anything else, really. END
START HERE Hints of menthol and cherry cough drop are upfront on the nose. Flavors of red currant, rhubarb and sour raspberry appear on the crisp, tart palate, finishing clean yet short.', "Tart, lean red fruit aromas don't give much reason to plow forward, but if you do expect a high-acidity wine with a snappy mouthfeel and flavors of rhubarb, red plum and raspberry. Not much body or anything else, really.", "Starts out with grassy, gamy aromas that are not up to what I've tasted from Viu Manent. This wine is bulky but also clumsy and regular at best. It has a simple, grassy set of generic berry flavors followed by a heavy finish. Granted, it's $9, so with tempered expectations it's not a deceiver. END
START HERE Tart, lean red fruit aromas don't give much reason to plow forward, but if you do expect a high-acidity wine with a snappy mouthfeel and flavors of rhubarb, red plum and raspberry. Not much body or anything else, really.", "Starts out with grassy, gamy aromas that are not up to what I've tasted from Viu Manent. This wine is bulky but also clumsy and regular at best. It has a simple, grassy set of generic berry flavors followed by a heavy finish. Granted, it's $9, so with tempered expectations it's not a deceiver.", "A full and ripe wine, it is richly layered with black fruits, soft tannins and a juicy, warm aftertaste. The acidity at the end adds a little freshness. It's made to be drunk now. END
START HERE Starts out with grassy, gamy aromas that are not up to what I've tasted from Viu Manent. This wine is bulky but also clumsy and regular at best. It has a simple, grassy set of generic berry flavors followed by a heavy finish. Granted, it's $9, so with tempered expectations it's not a deceiver.", "A full and ripe wine, it is richly layered with black fruits, soft tannins and a juicy, warm aftertaste. The acidity at the end adds a little freshness. It's made to be drunk now.", 'This is oily and strained on the nose and fleshy in the mouth. It tastes herbal and quasi weedy, with a matchstick note on the finish. END
START HERE A full and ripe wine, it is richly layered with black fruits, soft tannins and a juicy, warm aftertaste. The acidity at the end adds a little freshness. It's made to be drunk now.", 'This is oily and strained on the nose and fleshy in the mouth. It tastes herbal and quasi weedy, with a matchstick note on the finish.', 'Named after the grapes in the blend (Negroamaro, Primitivo and Cabernet Sauvignon), this easygoing, savory wine doles out juicy blackberry, black currant, black cherry and a hint of licorice. Soft, round tannins provide the framework. END
START HERE This is oily and strained on the nose and fleshy in the mouth. It tastes herbal and quasi weedy, with a matchstick note on the finish.', 'Named after the grapes in the blend (Negroamaro, Primitivo and Cabernet Sauvignon), this easygoing, savory wine doles out juicy blackberry, black currant, black cherry and a hint of licorice. Soft, round tannins provide the framework.', "Tastes sugary sweet, with a spritzy feeling like a sparkling wine and simple flavors of raspberries and vanilla. Technically, it's a flawed wine, but millions of people will love it. END
START HERE Named after the grapes in the blend (Negroamaro, Primitivo and Cabernet Sauvignon), this easygoing, savory wine doles out juicy blackberry, black currant, black cherry and a hint of licorice. Soft, round tannins provide the framework.', "Tastes sugary sweet, with a spritzy feeling like a sparkling wine and simple flavors of raspberries and vanilla. Technically, it's a flawed wine, but millions of people will love it.", 'Starts with a clean cherry and berry nose, which sets up the fresh, well-layered palate. Flavors of red fruits are ripe and medium sweet, while touches of oak, butter and pepper emerge on the finish. A tasty everyday wine. END
START HERE Tastes sugary sweet, with a spritzy feeling like a sparkling wine and simple flavors of raspberries and vanilla. Technically, it's a flawed wine, but millions of people will love it.", 'Starts with a clean cherry and berry nose, which sets up the fresh, well-layered palate. Flavors of red fruits are ripe and medium sweet, while touches of oak, butter and pepper emerge on the finish. A tasty everyday wine.', 'An attractive pale-salmon color, this 100% Cinsault rosé opens with soft scents of strawberry, pear, melon rind and earthy spice. The palate is lush, with fleshy fruit flavors that are balanced by ample acidity and a soft tannic astringency on the close. END
START HERE Starts with a clean cherry and berry nose, which sets up the fresh, well-layered palate. Flavors of red fruits are ripe and medium sweet, while touches of oak, butter and pepper emerge on the finish. A tasty everyday wine.', 'An attractive pale-salmon color, this 100% Cinsault rosé opens with soft scents of strawberry, pear, melon rind and earthy spice. The palate is lush, with fleshy fruit flavors that are balanced by ample acidity and a soft tannic astringency on the close.', 'A crisp, very fresh wine with flavors of red currants and open acidity and a light feel. A caramel taste rounds the wine through the finish. END
START HERE An attractive pale-salmon color, this 100% Cinsault rosé opens with soft scents of strawberry, pear, melon rind and earthy spice. The palate is lush, with fleshy fruit flavors that are balanced by ample acidity and a soft tannic astringency on the close.', 'A crisp, very fresh wine with flavors of red currants and open acidity and a light feel. A caramel taste rounds the wine through the finish.', 'Jumbled aromas of grilled meat, asphalt and black cherry candy require patience and modest standards, while the palate is regular, a touch sticky and cloying, with sweet but generic berry fruit flavors. Dry and fairly snappy on the finish. END
START HERE A crisp, very fresh wine with flavors of red currants and open acidity and a light feel. A caramel taste rounds the wine through the finish.', 'Jumbled aromas of grilled meat, asphalt and black cherry candy require patience and modest standards, while the palate is regular, a touch sticky and cloying, with sweet but generic berry fruit flavors. Dry and fairly snappy on the finish.', 'Starts off decently, with menthol-toast aromas of new oak layered over apple and lime fruit. Then turns overly oaky on the palate, blending caramel, toast and dill flavors with tart apple, finishing off with a slice of lemony acidity. END
START HERE Jumbled aromas of grilled meat, asphalt and black cherry candy require patience and modest standards, while the palate is regular, a touch sticky and cloying, with sweet but generic berry fruit flavors. Dry and fairly snappy on the finish.', 'Starts off decently, with menthol-toast aromas of new oak layered over apple and lime fruit. Then turns overly oaky on the palate, blending caramel, toast and dill flavors with tart apple, finishing off with a slice of lemony acidity.', 'Represents a very nice value in a refreshing, balanced Chardonnay. The wine, which was aged in lots of new American oak and stirred on the lees, is rich and creamy, with citrus, mineral and yeasty flavors that are brightened by crisp acidity. END
START HERE Starts off decently, with menthol-toast aromas of new oak layered over apple and lime fruit. Then turns overly oaky on the palate, blending caramel, toast and dill flavors with tart apple, finishing off with a slice of lemony acidity.', 'Represents a very nice value in a refreshing, balanced Chardonnay. The wine, which was aged in lots of new American oak and stirred on the lees, is rich and creamy, with citrus, mineral and yeasty flavors that are brightened by crisp acidity.', "This Chard is dry and crisp in acidity, with subtle kumquat, peach and tangerine flavors, as well as hints of buttered toast. It's a little on the thin side. END
START HERE Represents a very nice value in a refreshing, balanced Chardonnay. The wine, which was aged in lots of new American oak and stirred on the lees, is rich and creamy, with citrus, mineral and yeasty flavors that are brightened by crisp acidity.', "This Chard is dry and crisp in acidity, with subtle kumquat, peach and tangerine flavors, as well as hints of buttered toast. It's a little on the thin side.", 'This dark, extracted wine is firm in character. It has bitter coffee and licorice flavors, which rather elbow aside the fruit. END
START HERE This Chard is dry and crisp in acidity, with subtle kumquat, peach and tangerine flavors, as well as hints of buttered toast. It's a little on the thin side.", 'This dark, extracted wine is firm in character. It has bitter coffee and licorice flavors, which rather elbow aside the fruit.', "Surprisingly multifaceted, this lovely Sauvignon Blanc counters sweet, ripe stonefruit and gooseberry on the nose and palate with elegant hints of fresh tarragon and bergamot. Dry and medium bodied in style, it's a refreshing wine with brisk acidity and balanced alcohol. END
START HERE This dark, extracted wine is firm in character. It has bitter coffee and licorice flavors, which rather elbow aside the fruit.', "Surprisingly multifaceted, this lovely Sauvignon Blanc counters sweet, ripe stonefruit and gooseberry on the nose and palate with elegant hints of fresh tarragon and bergamot. Dry and medium bodied in style, it's a refreshing wine with brisk acidity and balanced alcohol.", 'This has aromas of citrus blossom and lemon pith. There are flavors of green apple and pear in the mouth with an acidic finish. END
START HERE Surprisingly multifaceted, this lovely Sauvignon Blanc counters sweet, ripe stonefruit and gooseberry on the nose and palate with elegant hints of fresh tarragon and bergamot. Dry and medium bodied in style, it's a refreshing wine with brisk acidity and balanced alcohol.", 'This has aromas of citrus blossom and lemon pith. There are flavors of green apple and pear in the mouth with an acidic finish.', 'A fine, slightly mineral wine, packed with tight tannins, but also with the rich fruits of the vintage. It is well balanced, the acidity sitting easily with the sweet, jammy fruit flavors. Dryness and some austerity mark this wine as a fine partner for food. END
START HERE This has aromas of citrus blossom and lemon pith. There are flavors of green apple and pear in the mouth with an acidic finish.', 'A fine, slightly mineral wine, packed with tight tannins, but also with the rich fruits of the vintage. It is well balanced, the acidity sitting easily with the sweet, jammy fruit flavors. Dryness and some austerity mark this wine as a fine partner for food.', 'Dusty, citrusy aromas form the greeting, while the palate is juicy in style, without much definition beyond zestiness. The flavors offer notes of papaya and nectarine. The finish sizzles for a moment, then fizzles. END
START HERE A fine, slightly mineral wine, packed with tight tannins, but also with the rich fruits of the vintage. It is well balanced, the acidity sitting easily with the sweet, jammy fruit flavors. Dryness and some austerity mark this wine as a fine partner for food.', 'Dusty, citrusy aromas form the greeting, while the palate is juicy in style, without much definition beyond zestiness. The flavors offer notes of papaya and nectarine. The finish sizzles for a moment, then fizzles.', "The nose starts out herbal and rowdy, but then settles down to offer basic pear and apple aromas. The palate is all pineapple and other racy fruits, but it's also sweet and a bit discordant. The long, driving finish doesn't really hit the mark, and it's a bit heavy and drying right through the last impression. END
START HERE Dusty, citrusy aromas form the greeting, while the palate is juicy in style, without much definition beyond zestiness. The flavors offer notes of papaya and nectarine. The finish sizzles for a moment, then fizzles.', "The nose starts out herbal and rowdy, but then settles down to offer basic pear and apple aromas. The palate is all pineapple and other racy fruits, but it's also sweet and a bit discordant. The long, driving finish doesn't really hit the mark, and it's a bit heavy and drying right through the last impression.", 'This ruby red Merlot has aromas of cherry vanilla, black plum and black cherry and flavors of red plum and dried cherry. The finish is persistent with mouth drying tannins. END
START HERE The nose starts out herbal and rowdy, but then settles down to offer basic pear and apple aromas. The palate is all pineapple and other racy fruits, but it's also sweet and a bit discordant. The long, driving finish doesn't really hit the mark, and it's a bit heavy and drying right through the last impression.", 'This ruby red Merlot has aromas of cherry vanilla, black plum and black cherry and flavors of red plum and dried cherry. The finish is persistent with mouth drying tannins.', 'This garnet-colored Merlot has aromas of black plum, cherry and saddle leather which pave the way for soft flavors of raspberry, red plum and a smooth tannic finish. END
START HERE This ruby red Merlot has aromas of cherry vanilla, black plum and black cherry and flavors of red plum and dried cherry. The finish is persistent with mouth drying tannins.', 'This garnet-colored Merlot has aromas of black plum, cherry and saddle leather which pave the way for soft flavors of raspberry, red plum and a smooth tannic finish.', "Aromas of pressed apples and pears turn fleshier and riper on the palate of this forward, concentrated Riesling. Sumptuous peach and apricot flavors amass a honeyed sweetness on the midpalate, balanced neatly by squirts of tangerine acidity. It's an approachable, fruity wine to drink now through 2017. END
START HERE This garnet-colored Merlot has aromas of black plum, cherry and saddle leather which pave the way for soft flavors of raspberry, red plum and a smooth tannic finish.', "Aromas of pressed apples and pears turn fleshier and riper on the palate of this forward, concentrated Riesling. Sumptuous peach and apricot flavors amass a honeyed sweetness on the midpalate, balanced neatly by squirts of tangerine acidity. It's an approachable, fruity wine to drink now through 2017.", "Opens with decent dusty apple and peach aromas, but they don't really hold together for long. And the palate is similar in that it offers adequate opening flavors of green apple and citrus but no improvement after that. Drink right away; it won't age well. END
START HERE Aromas of pressed apples and pears turn fleshier and riper on the palate of this forward, concentrated Riesling. Sumptuous peach and apricot flavors amass a honeyed sweetness on the midpalate, balanced neatly by squirts of tangerine acidity. It's an approachable, fruity wine to drink now through 2017.", "Opens with decent dusty apple and peach aromas, but they don't really hold together for long. And the palate is similar in that it offers adequate opening flavors of green apple and citrus but no improvement after that. Drink right away; it won't age well.", "This budget-priced Syrah offers hints of why the grape does so well in Washington. It has a bit of peppery bite, some very tart cranberry fruit, crisp acids and a lifted, citrusy finish. Clean and varietal, it's a good everyday effort. END
START HERE Opens with decent dusty apple and peach aromas, but they don't really hold together for long. And the palate is similar in that it offers adequate opening flavors of green apple and citrus but no improvement after that. Drink right away; it won't age well.", "This budget-priced Syrah offers hints of why the grape does so well in Washington. It has a bit of peppery bite, some very tart cranberry fruit, crisp acids and a lifted, citrusy finish. Clean and varietal, it's a good everyday effort.", 'Prickly berry aromas include notes of both candied raspberry and cinnamon. This feels a bit clunky and sticky, with sugary berry flavors and a slightly cloying finish. END
START HERE This budget-priced Syrah offers hints of why the grape does so well in Washington. It has a bit of peppery bite, some very tart cranberry fruit, crisp acids and a lifted, citrusy finish. Clean and varietal, it's a good everyday effort.", 'Prickly berry aromas include notes of both candied raspberry and cinnamon. This feels a bit clunky and sticky, with sugary berry flavors and a slightly cloying finish.', "While there's lots of candied black cherry and coffee grinds on the nose, on the palate, this medium-bodied Romanian Pinot Noir is rustic and herbaceous with balanced sour cherry fruit and notes of grass and earth. With such mild tannins, it lacks impact on the midpalate, but bright acidity carries it through a fairly long finish. END
START HERE Prickly berry aromas include notes of both candied raspberry and cinnamon. This feels a bit clunky and sticky, with sugary berry flavors and a slightly cloying finish.', "While there's lots of candied black cherry and coffee grinds on the nose, on the palate, this medium-bodied Romanian Pinot Noir is rustic and herbaceous with balanced sour cherry fruit and notes of grass and earth. With such mild tannins, it lacks impact on the midpalate, but bright acidity carries it through a fairly long finish.", 'Aromas of orange blossom and pineapple juice are not substantial. In the mouth, this is chunky and plump, with oily peach and nectarine flavors mixed with some green bean. A heavy finish with little spine provides minimal cut and freshness. END
START HERE While there's lots of candied black cherry and coffee grinds on the nose, on the palate, this medium-bodied Romanian Pinot Noir is rustic and herbaceous with balanced sour cherry fruit and notes of grass and earth. With such mild tannins, it lacks impact on the midpalate, but bright acidity carries it through a fairly long finish.", 'Aromas of orange blossom and pineapple juice are not substantial. In the mouth, this is chunky and plump, with oily peach and nectarine flavors mixed with some green bean. A heavy finish with little spine provides minimal cut and freshness.', 'This SB smells neutral except for a pinch of grassy green. The palate is tangy, while citrusy flavors are not specific. On the finish, this is zesty at first and then falls off. END
START HERE Aromas of orange blossom and pineapple juice are not substantial. In the mouth, this is chunky and plump, with oily peach and nectarine flavors mixed with some green bean. A heavy finish with little spine provides minimal cut and freshness.', 'This SB smells neutral except for a pinch of grassy green. The palate is tangy, while citrusy flavors are not specific. On the finish, this is zesty at first and then falls off.', 'Vividly pink in color, this is a light and sweet wine. There is a sugary aftertaste followed by fresh, crisp acidity. END
START HERE This SB smells neutral except for a pinch of grassy green. The palate is tangy, while citrusy flavors are not specific. On the finish, this is zesty at first and then falls off.', 'Vividly pink in color, this is a light and sweet wine. There is a sugary aftertaste followed by fresh, crisp acidity.', 'A light wine, in color, texture and flavor. It has simple blackberry and oak flavors, and is priced right. END
START HERE Vividly pink in color, this is a light and sweet wine. There is a sugary aftertaste followed by fresh, crisp acidity.', 'A light wine, in color, texture and flavor. It has simple blackberry and oak flavors, and is priced right.', 'This ruby colored Pinot Noir has aromas of black cherry and dried cherry, with flavors of cinnamon, clove and additional black cherry. The finish is fruit-driven and clean. END
START HERE A light wine, in color, texture and flavor. It has simple blackberry and oak flavors, and is priced right.', 'This ruby colored Pinot Noir has aromas of black cherry and dried cherry, with flavors of cinnamon, clove and additional black cherry. The finish is fruit-driven and clean.', 'A blend of Syrah and Touriga Nacional , this has a vivid pink color, and a soft, aromatic character. It is ripe and crisp, packed with strawberry juice fruit. END
START HERE This ruby colored Pinot Noir has aromas of black cherry and dried cherry, with flavors of cinnamon, clove and additional black cherry. The finish is fruit-driven and clean.', 'A blend of Syrah and Touriga Nacional , this has a vivid pink color, and a soft, aromatic character. It is ripe and crisp, packed with strawberry juice fruit.', 'A touch of minerality on the nose comes with apple and lemon aromas. It feels fleshy, with pulpy white-fruit flavors that end with honeydew and papaya notes. Drink now. END
START HERE A blend of Syrah and Touriga Nacional , this has a vivid pink color, and a soft, aromatic character. It is ripe and crisp, packed with strawberry juice fruit.', 'A touch of minerality on the nose comes with apple and lemon aromas. It feels fleshy, with pulpy white-fruit flavors that end with honeydew and papaya notes. Drink now.', 'Pretty good price for what you get. Shows everyday flavors of pears, pineapples and peaches, with a touch of nutmeg and cinnamon. Best Buy. END
START HERE A touch of minerality on the nose comes with apple and lemon aromas. It feels fleshy, with pulpy white-fruit flavors that end with honeydew and papaya notes. Drink now.', 'Pretty good price for what you get. Shows everyday flavors of pears, pineapples and peaches, with a touch of nutmeg and cinnamon. Best Buy.', "Tomato, red fruit and resiny oak aromas don't exactly scream “fresh.” Feels rustic and scratchy, with herbal, sawdust and vanilla flavors clouding out any quality fruit that might exist. Not much here, really. END
START HERE Pretty good price for what you get. Shows everyday flavors of pears, pineapples and peaches, with a touch of nutmeg and cinnamon. Best Buy.', "Tomato, red fruit and resiny oak aromas don't exactly scream “fresh.” Feels rustic and scratchy, with herbal, sawdust and vanilla flavors clouding out any quality fruit that might exist. Not much here, really.", "Soft, sweet and syrupy, a simple wine with sugared raspberry flavors. But it's clean and drinkable. END
START HERE Tomato, red fruit and resiny oak aromas don't exactly scream “fresh.” Feels rustic and scratchy, with herbal, sawdust and vanilla flavors clouding out any quality fruit that might exist. Not much here, really.", "Soft, sweet and syrupy, a simple wine with sugared raspberry flavors. But it's clean and drinkable.", 'Melon and apple aromas are simple. This has a soft, melony mouthfeel and flavors of tropical fruits and honeydew. The finish is chubby, sweet-tasting and tropical-leaning. END
START HERE Soft, sweet and syrupy, a simple wine with sugared raspberry flavors. But it's clean and drinkable.", 'Melon and apple aromas are simple. This has a soft, melony mouthfeel and flavors of tropical fruits and honeydew. The finish is chubby, sweet-tasting and tropical-leaning.', 'Broad and easy in texture, this is tempting to drink because of its near sweetness. Baking spices, possibly from oak add-ins, fill the aroma, and candylike cherry and strawberry flavors flood the mouth. END
START HERE Melon and apple aromas are simple. This has a soft, melony mouthfeel and flavors of tropical fruits and honeydew. The finish is chubby, sweet-tasting and tropical-leaning.', 'Broad and easy in texture, this is tempting to drink because of its near sweetness. Baking spices, possibly from oak add-ins, fill the aroma, and candylike cherry and strawberry flavors flood the mouth.', 'Short on aromatics, with only a whiff of pear and corn. The palate is soft and fleshy, with dry, limited papaya and melony flavors. Lettuce and other green notes carry the finish, which is bland and dilute. Will have a very short lifespan. END
START HERE Broad and easy in texture, this is tempting to drink because of its near sweetness. Baking spices, possibly from oak add-ins, fill the aroma, and candylike cherry and strawberry flavors flood the mouth.', 'Short on aromatics, with only a whiff of pear and corn. The palate is soft and fleshy, with dry, limited papaya and melony flavors. Lettuce and other green notes carry the finish, which is bland and dilute. Will have a very short lifespan.', 'The oak flavoring overpowers, with smoky char, buttered toast, caramel and sweet vanilla dominating the pineapple and pear fruit. END
START HERE Short on aromatics, with only a whiff of pear and corn. The palate is soft and fleshy, with dry, limited papaya and melony flavors. Lettuce and other green notes carry the finish, which is bland and dilute. Will have a very short lifespan.', 'The oak flavoring overpowers, with smoky char, buttered toast, caramel and sweet vanilla dominating the pineapple and pear fruit.', 'Snappy red fruit aromas endow this Cab with approachability, while the palate is clean, tasty and a little lean, with spicy, piquant raspberry flavors. Dry and peppery on the finish, but honest and clean throughout. Average wine; good value. END
START HERE The oak flavoring overpowers, with smoky char, buttered toast, caramel and sweet vanilla dominating the pineapple and pear fruit.', 'Snappy red fruit aromas endow this Cab with approachability, while the palate is clean, tasty and a little lean, with spicy, piquant raspberry flavors. Dry and peppery on the finish, but honest and clean throughout. Average wine; good value.', 'Pale straw colored, with aromas of white flower, lemon blossom and vanilla caramel, this fills your mouth with flavors of caramelized apple tart and finishes with crisp, clean acidity and a splash of lemon zest at the back of the palate. END
START HERE Snappy red fruit aromas endow this Cab with approachability, while the palate is clean, tasty and a little lean, with spicy, piquant raspberry flavors. Dry and peppery on the finish, but honest and clean throughout. Average wine; good value.', 'Pale straw colored, with aromas of white flower, lemon blossom and vanilla caramel, this fills your mouth with flavors of caramelized apple tart and finishes with crisp, clean acidity and a splash of lemon zest at the back of the palate.', 'Opens with aromatics of jalapeño, fresh lettuce, green apple and white pepper. The body is lithe and dances across the palate, while flavors of tangerine, Yellow Delicious apples and passion fruit are clean, light and familiar. An easygoing, likable and honest style of Sauvignon Blanc. END
START HERE Pale straw colored, with aromas of white flower, lemon blossom and vanilla caramel, this fills your mouth with flavors of caramelized apple tart and finishes with crisp, clean acidity and a splash of lemon zest at the back of the palate.', 'Opens with aromatics of jalapeño, fresh lettuce, green apple and white pepper. The body is lithe and dances across the palate, while flavors of tangerine, Yellow Delicious apples and passion fruit are clean, light and familiar. An easygoing, likable and honest style of Sauvignon Blanc.', 'This is a country-style Cab, rugged and easy. Provides a pretty good mouthful of blackberry and currant flavor, and is nice and dry. Tough tannins suggest big, rich foods. END
START HERE Opens with aromatics of jalapeño, fresh lettuce, green apple and white pepper. The body is lithe and dances across the palate, while flavors of tangerine, Yellow Delicious apples and passion fruit are clean, light and familiar. An easygoing, likable and honest style of Sauvignon Blanc.', 'This is a country-style Cab, rugged and easy. Provides a pretty good mouthful of blackberry and currant flavor, and is nice and dry. Tough tannins suggest big, rich foods.', 'Sharp and grapey, with sweet, jellied flavors of cherries, blackberries and chocolate. With a production of nearly a half-million cases, lots and lots of folks will happily wash down their meats and pasta with this easy red wine. END
START HERE This is a country-style Cab, rugged and easy. Provides a pretty good mouthful of blackberry and currant flavor, and is nice and dry. Tough tannins suggest big, rich foods.', 'Sharp and grapey, with sweet, jellied flavors of cherries, blackberries and chocolate. With a production of nearly a half-million cases, lots and lots of folks will happily wash down their meats and pasta with this easy red wine.', 'Aromas are leafy and scratchy, also suggesting cement. This feels resiny and creamy in the mouth. Flavors of woody, generic berry fruits finish hot and scratchy. END
START HERE Sharp and grapey, with sweet, jellied flavors of cherries, blackberries and chocolate. With a production of nearly a half-million cases, lots and lots of folks will happily wash down their meats and pasta with this easy red wine.', 'Aromas are leafy and scratchy, also suggesting cement. This feels resiny and creamy in the mouth. Flavors of woody, generic berry fruits finish hot and scratchy.', 'This earns its Best Buy designation for the rich, creamy orange, peach and tropical fruit flavors and the note of caramel-tinged vanilla from oak aging. It tastes sweet, but it provides what many consumers love about Chardonnay. END
START HERE Aromas are leafy and scratchy, also suggesting cement. This feels resiny and creamy in the mouth. Flavors of woody, generic berry fruits finish hot and scratchy.', 'This earns its Best Buy designation for the rich, creamy orange, peach and tropical fruit flavors and the note of caramel-tinged vanilla from oak aging. It tastes sweet, but it provides what many consumers love about Chardonnay.', 'Despite moderate alcohol, this is full-bodied and almost sweet-tasting. Hints of dairy products combine with orange and pineapple flavors on the thickly textured palate. END
START HERE This earns its Best Buy designation for the rich, creamy orange, peach and tropical fruit flavors and the note of caramel-tinged vanilla from oak aging. It tastes sweet, but it provides what many consumers love about Chardonnay.', 'Despite moderate alcohol, this is full-bodied and almost sweet-tasting. Hints of dairy products combine with orange and pineapple flavors on the thickly textured palate.', 'This Sauvignon Blanc has scents of lemon pith, honeydew and cantaloupe. It is soft on entry into the mouth with flavors of peach, apricot and lemon zest. END
START HERE Despite moderate alcohol, this is full-bodied and almost sweet-tasting. Hints of dairy products combine with orange and pineapple flavors on the thickly textured palate.', 'This Sauvignon Blanc has scents of lemon pith, honeydew and cantaloupe. It is soft on entry into the mouth with flavors of peach, apricot and lemon zest.', 'Dusty, sweaty, soapy aromas offer little to no fruit. Flat and chunky on the palate, this rosé of Garnacha tastes like nectarine along with the bitter pit. A melony, peppery tasting finish feels hollow. END
START HERE This Sauvignon Blanc has scents of lemon pith, honeydew and cantaloupe. It is soft on entry into the mouth with flavors of peach, apricot and lemon zest.', 'Dusty, sweaty, soapy aromas offer little to no fruit. Flat and chunky on the palate, this rosé of Garnacha tastes like nectarine along with the bitter pit. A melony, peppery tasting finish feels hollow.', 'Bright pink in color, this looks and tastes like candy. There is the lightest touch of acidity to at least bring some crispness to this sweet wine. END
START HERE Dusty, sweaty, soapy aromas offer little to no fruit. Flat and chunky on the palate, this rosé of Garnacha tastes like nectarine along with the bitter pit. A melony, peppery tasting finish feels hollow.', 'Bright pink in color, this looks and tastes like candy. There is the lightest touch of acidity to at least bring some crispness to this sweet wine.', 'When people talk about good value Cabs from Chile, this is what they should be referring to. The nose is balanced and offers plenty of clean berry aromas, while the palate is fresh, light in weight and mildly citrusy, with flavors of cassis, plum and raspberry. More snappy and fresh than weighty. END
START HERE Bright pink in color, this looks and tastes like candy. There is the lightest touch of acidity to at least bring some crispness to this sweet wine.', 'When people talk about good value Cabs from Chile, this is what they should be referring to. The nose is balanced and offers plenty of clean berry aromas, while the palate is fresh, light in weight and mildly citrusy, with flavors of cassis, plum and raspberry. More snappy and fresh than weighty.', "Forceful, meaty and a little herbal on the nose, but still pretty solid for $9 Merlot. The palate is full and sizable, with plum, berry and herbal flavors creating Chilean typicity. Falls off on the finish, turning more herbal, but overall it's a good value wine. END
START HERE When people talk about good value Cabs from Chile, this is what they should be referring to. The nose is balanced and offers plenty of clean berry aromas, while the palate is fresh, light in weight and mildly citrusy, with flavors of cassis, plum and raspberry. More snappy and fresh than weighty.', "Forceful, meaty and a little herbal on the nose, but still pretty solid for $9 Merlot. The palate is full and sizable, with plum, berry and herbal flavors creating Chilean typicity. Falls off on the finish, turning more herbal, but overall it's a good value wine.", 'The wine is full of stalky black currant fruits and fresh acidity. A blend of Bordeaux-style grapes with Syrah, it is made to be drunk young and slightly chilled for the summer. Drink now. END
START HERE Forceful, meaty and a little herbal on the nose, but still pretty solid for $9 Merlot. The palate is full and sizable, with plum, berry and herbal flavors creating Chilean typicity. Falls off on the finish, turning more herbal, but overall it's a good value wine.", 'The wine is full of stalky black currant fruits and fresh acidity. A blend of Bordeaux-style grapes with Syrah, it is made to be drunk young and slightly chilled for the summer. Drink now.', 'Simple, soft, and slightly sweet, with the flavors of canned peaches, pears and apricots. END
START HERE The wine is full of stalky black currant fruits and fresh acidity. A blend of Bordeaux-style grapes with Syrah, it is made to be drunk young and slightly chilled for the summer. Drink now.', 'Simple, soft, and slightly sweet, with the flavors of canned peaches, pears and apricots.', 'Earthy tones of warm leather and spice set the stage for this easy-going Cabernet Sauvignon from Sicily. Pair it with everyday dinners or pasta. END
START HERE Simple, soft, and slightly sweet, with the flavors of canned peaches, pears and apricots.', 'Earthy tones of warm leather and spice set the stage for this easy-going Cabernet Sauvignon from Sicily. Pair it with everyday dinners or pasta.', 'A very deep red color catches the attention. Next, strong, wild aromas like smoke and black rubber lead to a rather fruity but still firm and tannic texture. The flavors are more like blackberries and blueberries, but the overall effect is slightly viscous. END
START HERE Earthy tones of warm leather and spice set the stage for this easy-going Cabernet Sauvignon from Sicily. Pair it with everyday dinners or pasta.', 'A very deep red color catches the attention. Next, strong, wild aromas like smoke and black rubber lead to a rather fruity but still firm and tannic texture. The flavors are more like blackberries and blueberries, but the overall effect is slightly viscous.', "Good color, and the kind of flavor that many countries would kill for in so inexpensive a wine. It's ripely fruity, with firm tannins and dry acidity. Well-rounded and supple, this is an excellent value in an elegant dinner wine. —S.H. END
START HERE A very deep red color catches the attention. Next, strong, wild aromas like smoke and black rubber lead to a rather fruity but still firm and tannic texture. The flavors are more like blackberries and blueberries, but the overall effect is slightly viscous.', "Good color, and the kind of flavor that many countries would kill for in so inexpensive a wine. It's ripely fruity, with firm tannins and dry acidity. Well-rounded and supple, this is an excellent value in an elegant dinner wine. —S.H.", 'This is so ripe it smells like raisin extract and prune juice. A murky, stewy palate and overt raisiny flavors finish with a rubbery, tannic feel. Acceptable but with glaring weaknesses. END
START HERE Good color, and the kind of flavor that many countries would kill for in so inexpensive a wine. It's ripely fruity, with firm tannins and dry acidity. Well-rounded and supple, this is an excellent value in an elegant dinner wine. —S.H.", 'This is so ripe it smells like raisin extract and prune juice. A murky, stewy palate and overt raisiny flavors finish with a rubbery, tannic feel. Acceptable but with glaring weaknesses.', 'A light-bodied rosé with plenty of freshness on the finish, this is very clean and fruity in a slightly confected style. The delicate strawberry and cherry flavors are pleasant enough. Best served well chilled. END
START HERE This is so ripe it smells like raisin extract and prune juice. A murky, stewy palate and overt raisiny flavors finish with a rubbery, tannic feel. Acceptable but with glaring weaknesses.', 'A light-bodied rosé with plenty of freshness on the finish, this is very clean and fruity in a slightly confected style. The delicate strawberry and cherry flavors are pleasant enough. Best served well chilled.', 'Ripe black plum and berry dominate the nose and mouth on this Merlot, with appropriate accents of coffee granules and black pepper to spice things up. Lightweight but round with a medium-length finish. END
START HERE A light-bodied rosé with plenty of freshness on the finish, this is very clean and fruity in a slightly confected style. The delicate strawberry and cherry flavors are pleasant enough. Best served well chilled.', 'Ripe black plum and berry dominate the nose and mouth on this Merlot, with appropriate accents of coffee granules and black pepper to spice things up. Lightweight but round with a medium-length finish.', 'This is an easy-drinking, crowd-pleaser of a wine. Light to medium bodied, it has fresh strawberry and cherry flavors and a soft, smooth texture. END
START HERE Ripe black plum and berry dominate the nose and mouth on this Merlot, with appropriate accents of coffee granules and black pepper to spice things up. Lightweight but round with a medium-length finish.', 'This is an easy-drinking, crowd-pleaser of a wine. Light to medium bodied, it has fresh strawberry and cherry flavors and a soft, smooth texture.', 'Smoky and rubbery smelling, with brambly, mildly stemmy fruit aromas. The palate is plummy and red in character, with herbal raspberry on the back side. Dry, tangy and herbal on the finish; adequate at best as a whole, even at $9. END
START HERE This is an easy-drinking, crowd-pleaser of a wine. Light to medium bodied, it has fresh strawberry and cherry flavors and a soft, smooth texture.', 'Smoky and rubbery smelling, with brambly, mildly stemmy fruit aromas. The palate is plummy and red in character, with herbal raspberry on the back side. Dry, tangy and herbal on the finish; adequate at best as a whole, even at $9.', "Bright and fruity, with a tannic edge, this is a blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah. This is food friendly, with a rich red-fruit flavor that's cut with a caramel note and strawberry acidity. END
START HERE Smoky and rubbery smelling, with brambly, mildly stemmy fruit aromas. The palate is plummy and red in character, with herbal raspberry on the back side. Dry, tangy and herbal on the finish; adequate at best as a whole, even at $9.', "Bright and fruity, with a tannic edge, this is a blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah. This is food friendly, with a rich red-fruit flavor that's cut with a caramel note and strawberry acidity.", 'A pleasant, mild-bodied wine that shows pretty citrus, melon and apple notes at itscore. A fresh, lemony edge on the finish is clean and bright. Best Buy. END
START HERE Bright and fruity, with a tannic edge, this is a blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah. This is food friendly, with a rich red-fruit flavor that's cut with a caramel note and strawberry acidity.", 'A pleasant, mild-bodied wine that shows pretty citrus, melon and apple notes at itscore. A fresh, lemony edge on the finish is clean and bright. Best Buy.', "This was a difficult vintage in Washington, and the style of this dry Riesling seems to have changed significantly, perhaps as a result. The grapefruit flavors have no body or texture; it's light, certainly refreshing, but rather simple. END
START HERE A pleasant, mild-bodied wine that shows pretty citrus, melon and apple notes at itscore. A fresh, lemony edge on the finish is clean and bright. Best Buy.', "This was a difficult vintage in Washington, and the style of this dry Riesling seems to have changed significantly, perhaps as a result. The grapefruit flavors have no body or texture; it's light, certainly refreshing, but rather simple.", 'Not bad for basic Argentine Chardonnay. The nose has banana and tropical fruit aromas to go with dried hay, while the soft-bodied palate has enough acidity to keep it flowing. Flavors of melon, banana and vanilla are solid even though it flattens out and shows mild bitterness on the finish. END
START HERE This was a difficult vintage in Washington, and the style of this dry Riesling seems to have changed significantly, perhaps as a result. The grapefruit flavors have no body or texture; it's light, certainly refreshing, but rather simple.", 'Not bad for basic Argentine Chardonnay. The nose has banana and tropical fruit aromas to go with dried hay, while the soft-bodied palate has enough acidity to keep it flowing. Flavors of melon, banana and vanilla are solid even though it flattens out and shows mild bitterness on the finish.', "Light and fruity, this wine's berry flavor dominates the gentle tannins, while the bright acidity adds lift. Drink this in the next two years. END
START HERE Not bad for basic Argentine Chardonnay. The nose has banana and tropical fruit aromas to go with dried hay, while the soft-bodied palate has enough acidity to keep it flowing. Flavors of melon, banana and vanilla are solid even though it flattens out and shows mild bitterness on the finish.', "Light and fruity, this wine's berry flavor dominates the gentle tannins, while the bright acidity adds lift. Drink this in the next two years.", 'Lisboa, with its cool climate, lends itself to crisp rosés like this. This lively fruity wine is touched by hints of vanilla and layers of red-fruit flavors. It is light and ready to drink. END
START HERE Light and fruity, this wine's berry flavor dominates the gentle tannins, while the bright acidity adds lift. Drink this in the next two years.", 'Lisboa, with its cool climate, lends itself to crisp rosés like this. This lively fruity wine is touched by hints of vanilla and layers of red-fruit flavors. It is light and ready to drink.', 'Wiry, narrow aromas of red fruits and bell pepper lead to a grabby, tight palate. Flavors of spicy plum and green herbs are slightly bitter, while the finish feels raw and tannic. END
START HERE Lisboa, with its cool climate, lends itself to crisp rosés like this. This lively fruity wine is touched by hints of vanilla and layers of red-fruit flavors. It is light and ready to drink.', 'Wiry, narrow aromas of red fruits and bell pepper lead to a grabby, tight palate. Flavors of spicy plum and green herbs are slightly bitter, while the finish feels raw and tannic.', 'The aromas of this Sauvignon Blanc carry a lot of perfume, as if dusted with talcum powder. In the mouth it is soft and tastes lightly of melon and apple, again with a rather odd impression of sweet powder. Serve it well chilled. END
START HERE Wiry, narrow aromas of red fruits and bell pepper lead to a grabby, tight palate. Flavors of spicy plum and green herbs are slightly bitter, while the finish feels raw and tannic.', 'The aromas of this Sauvignon Blanc carry a lot of perfume, as if dusted with talcum powder. In the mouth it is soft and tastes lightly of melon and apple, again with a rather odd impression of sweet powder. Serve it well chilled.', 'This has all the touchstones of good Chardonnay: just enough body and richness, apple, pineapple and melon fruit flavors and a crisp, citrusy finish. Solid Chardonnay for under $10. END
START HERE The aromas of this Sauvignon Blanc carry a lot of perfume, as if dusted with talcum powder. In the mouth it is soft and tastes lightly of melon and apple, again with a rather odd impression of sweet powder. Serve it well chilled.', 'This has all the touchstones of good Chardonnay: just enough body and richness, apple, pineapple and melon fruit flavors and a crisp, citrusy finish. Solid Chardonnay for under $10.', 'Light aromas of pineapple and other tropical fruit are accented by herb, floral and citrus flavors. The concentration is very light. END
START HERE This has all the touchstones of good Chardonnay: just enough body and richness, apple, pineapple and melon fruit flavors and a crisp, citrusy finish. Solid Chardonnay for under $10.', 'Light aromas of pineapple and other tropical fruit are accented by herb, floral and citrus flavors. The concentration is very light.', "A pleasant sipper at a nice price, this fruity wine has flavors of cherries and plums, and is soft and rich. Has more complexity and depth than you'd think, and is a very good value. END
START HERE Light aromas of pineapple and other tropical fruit are accented by herb, floral and citrus flavors. The concentration is very light.', "A pleasant sipper at a nice price, this fruity wine has flavors of cherries and plums, and is soft and rich. Has more complexity and depth than you'd think, and is a very good value.", "Tight and a little stemmy, but overall the raspberry and cherry aromas outmuscle the rhubarby side. Tannic and grabby in the mouth, but not rough or jagged; flavors of red berries have an herbal accent, and as a whole it's your average, drinkable Cabernet from Chile. END
START HERE A pleasant sipper at a nice price, this fruity wine has flavors of cherries and plums, and is soft and rich. Has more complexity and depth than you'd think, and is a very good value.", "Tight and a little stemmy, but overall the raspberry and cherry aromas outmuscle the rhubarby side. Tannic and grabby in the mouth, but not rough or jagged; flavors of red berries have an herbal accent, and as a whole it's your average, drinkable Cabernet from Chile.", "Nice for the price. There's some green unripeness, but beef will hide it, emphasizing the berries and cherries. Good, sound, inexpensive Cabernet Sauvignon. END
START HERE Tight and a little stemmy, but overall the raspberry and cherry aromas outmuscle the rhubarby side. Tannic and grabby in the mouth, but not rough or jagged; flavors of red berries have an herbal accent, and as a whole it's your average, drinkable Cabernet from Chile.", "Nice for the price. There's some green unripeness, but beef will hide it, emphasizing the berries and cherries. Good, sound, inexpensive Cabernet Sauvignon.", "Pretty good price for this flavorful Merlot. It's dry and crisp, with firm tannins housing lots of fresh, ripe blackberry, cherry and anise flavors. END
START HERE Nice for the price. There's some green unripeness, but beef will hide it, emphasizing the berries and cherries. Good, sound, inexpensive Cabernet Sauvignon.", "Pretty good price for this flavorful Merlot. It's dry and crisp, with firm tannins housing lots of fresh, ripe blackberry, cherry and anise flavors.", "Here's solid, everyday red wine here, rugged and fruity, but there's something about it that makes you think of pizza and burgers. The blend is Zinfandel, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah. END
START HERE Pretty good price for this flavorful Merlot. It's dry and crisp, with firm tannins housing lots of fresh, ripe blackberry, cherry and anise flavors.", "Here's solid, everyday red wine here, rugged and fruity, but there's something about it that makes you think of pizza and burgers. The blend is Zinfandel, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah.", 'A pleasant and cleanly made quaffing wine with plenty of berry and black-cherry fruit and a strong menthol streak running right through to the finish. A bit rough around the edges; might show better with a country-style dish of stewed chicken. END
START HERE Here's solid, everyday red wine here, rugged and fruity, but there's something about it that makes you think of pizza and burgers. The blend is Zinfandel, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah.", 'A pleasant and cleanly made quaffing wine with plenty of berry and black-cherry fruit and a strong menthol streak running right through to the finish. A bit rough around the edges; might show better with a country-style dish of stewed chicken.', "This admittedly oaky wine makes an attractive package of cedary, savory aromas and rich fruit flavors. It's playful on the nose, with rosemary and forest floor aromas, and almost-sweet Bing cherry flavors on the full-bodied and smooth palate. END
START HERE A pleasant and cleanly made quaffing wine with plenty of berry and black-cherry fruit and a strong menthol streak running right through to the finish. A bit rough around the edges; might show better with a country-style dish of stewed chicken.', "This admittedly oaky wine makes an attractive package of cedary, savory aromas and rich fruit flavors. It's playful on the nose, with rosemary and forest floor aromas, and almost-sweet Bing cherry flavors on the full-bodied and smooth palate.", 'Bright cherry and spice color this luminous Merlot that delivers power and definition and is not too weighed down by oak. In fact, this Sicilian red is sprightly and fresh with sweet cherry flavors on the close. END
START HERE This admittedly oaky wine makes an attractive package of cedary, savory aromas and rich fruit flavors. It's playful on the nose, with rosemary and forest floor aromas, and almost-sweet Bing cherry flavors on the full-bodied and smooth palate.", 'Bright cherry and spice color this luminous Merlot that delivers power and definition and is not too weighed down by oak. In fact, this Sicilian red is sprightly and fresh with sweet cherry flavors on the close.', 'Aromas of canned peas and beans indicate this was probably fresher smelling nine months ago. Zesty and solid on the palate, this tastes oily, pyrazinic and briny, with stone fruit notes. END
START HERE Bright cherry and spice color this luminous Merlot that delivers power and definition and is not too weighed down by oak. In fact, this Sicilian red is sprightly and fresh with sweet cherry flavors on the close.', 'Aromas of canned peas and beans indicate this was probably fresher smelling nine months ago. Zesty and solid on the palate, this tastes oily, pyrazinic and briny, with stone fruit notes.', 'Feudo Arancio consistently delivers Best Buy value wines and this dense Cabernet Sauvignon is no exception. Aromas include big berry fruit, cherry, spice, mineral and dried herbs. It has good complexity overall with a gritty, raw texture. END
START HERE Aromas of canned peas and beans indicate this was probably fresher smelling nine months ago. Zesty and solid on the palate, this tastes oily, pyrazinic and briny, with stone fruit notes.', 'Feudo Arancio consistently delivers Best Buy value wines and this dense Cabernet Sauvignon is no exception. Aromas include big berry fruit, cherry, spice, mineral and dried herbs. It has good complexity overall with a gritty, raw texture.', 'Dusty strawberry and cherry aromas are hollow but easy. The palate is plump but short on edge and framing. Flavors of strawberry and raspberry roll awkwardly into a low-acid, soft finish. END
START HERE Feudo Arancio consistently delivers Best Buy value wines and this dense Cabernet Sauvignon is no exception. Aromas include big berry fruit, cherry, spice, mineral and dried herbs. It has good complexity overall with a gritty, raw texture.', 'Dusty strawberry and cherry aromas are hollow but easy. The palate is plump but short on edge and framing. Flavors of strawberry and raspberry roll awkwardly into a low-acid, soft finish.', 'You may or may not fancy the blue bottle, but the juice inside is a good example of Yakima Valley Riesling. Tea, honey and lemon flavors are co-mingled; and the 5% residual sugar adds sweetness without becoming grainy or cloying. END
START HERE Dusty strawberry and cherry aromas are hollow but easy. The palate is plump but short on edge and framing. Flavors of strawberry and raspberry roll awkwardly into a low-acid, soft finish.', 'You may or may not fancy the blue bottle, but the juice inside is a good example of Yakima Valley Riesling. Tea, honey and lemon flavors are co-mingled; and the 5% residual sugar adds sweetness without becoming grainy or cloying.', "Just what the doctor ordered in a likeable, affordable white wine. Packs plenty of ripe spearmint and lemon flavors with enough acidity to make it bright and clean. A tiny amount of sugar will satisfy your sweet tooth without compromising the wine's basic dryness. Best Buy. END
START HERE You may or may not fancy the blue bottle, but the juice inside is a good example of Yakima Valley Riesling. Tea, honey and lemon flavors are co-mingled; and the 5% residual sugar adds sweetness without becoming grainy or cloying.', "Just what the doctor ordered in a likeable, affordable white wine. Packs plenty of ripe spearmint and lemon flavors with enough acidity to make it bright and clean. A tiny amount of sugar will satisfy your sweet tooth without compromising the wine's basic dryness. Best Buy.", 'Briar patch, some green pepper and a little sweet baking spice carry the nose. The plum and berry flavors are accented by brown sugar and caramel, but also some green characteristics. The finish is smooth, but too green. END
START HERE Just what the doctor ordered in a likeable, affordable white wine. Packs plenty of ripe spearmint and lemon flavors with enough acidity to make it bright and clean. A tiny amount of sugar will satisfy your sweet tooth without compromising the wine's basic dryness. Best Buy.", 'Briar patch, some green pepper and a little sweet baking spice carry the nose. The plum and berry flavors are accented by brown sugar and caramel, but also some green characteristics. The finish is smooth, but too green.', 'Berry aromas are matched by toasty charred notes on this blend of Garnacha Tintorera and Monastrell. The palate is generous, with a touch of stickiness. Roasted, woody flavors of baked black fruits finish with a medicinal twinge and modest heat. END
START HERE Briar patch, some green pepper and a little sweet baking spice carry the nose. The plum and berry flavors are accented by brown sugar and caramel, but also some green characteristics. The finish is smooth, but too green.', 'Berry aromas are matched by toasty charred notes on this blend of Garnacha Tintorera and Monastrell. The palate is generous, with a touch of stickiness. Roasted, woody flavors of baked black fruits finish with a medicinal twinge and modest heat.', "Jammy black fruit aromas aren't specific or elevated but they work to draw you in. Feels regular, with blackberry, black currant and dark cherry flavors that don't rise above normal. Finishes with cola and straightforward feel and length. END
START HERE Berry aromas are matched by toasty charred notes on this blend of Garnacha Tintorera and Monastrell. The palate is generous, with a touch of stickiness. Roasted, woody flavors of baked black fruits finish with a medicinal twinge and modest heat.', "Jammy black fruit aromas aren't specific or elevated but they work to draw you in. Feels regular, with blackberry, black currant and dark cherry flavors that don't rise above normal. Finishes with cola and straightforward feel and length.", "Anise and mineral add character to the aggressive, starchy nose. Flavors of ripe apple and mustard create a heavier-than-usual palate, although there's ample acidity to keep it more or less balanced. The finish is dry, with just a touch of citrus flavor. And at the very end it turns thin and rough. END
START HERE Jammy black fruit aromas aren't specific or elevated but they work to draw you in. Feels regular, with blackberry, black currant and dark cherry flavors that don't rise above normal. Finishes with cola and straightforward feel and length.", "Anise and mineral add character to the aggressive, starchy nose. Flavors of ripe apple and mustard create a heavier-than-usual palate, although there's ample acidity to keep it more or less balanced. The finish is dry, with just a touch of citrus flavor. And at the very end it turns thin and rough.", "Red berry fruit with touches of vanilla and spice give this bargain-priced Pinot a candied but inviting set of aromas. The palate runs on fresh fruit, and overall it's all about clean, forward juicy flavors and very little extra. A nice aperitif Pinot Noir. END
START HERE Anise and mineral add character to the aggressive, starchy nose. Flavors of ripe apple and mustard create a heavier-than-usual palate, although there's ample acidity to keep it more or less balanced. The finish is dry, with just a touch of citrus flavor. And at the very end it turns thin and rough.", "Red berry fruit with touches of vanilla and spice give this bargain-priced Pinot a candied but inviting set of aromas. The palate runs on fresh fruit, and overall it's all about clean, forward juicy flavors and very little extra. A nice aperitif Pinot Noir.", "So what's this California winery doing in Oregon? Making a nice little Pinot Noir for the masses. Connoisseurs will find it simple, but give Parducci a break. This is a good introduction to Pinot at a price everyone can afford. END
START HERE Red berry fruit with touches of vanilla and spice give this bargain-priced Pinot a candied but inviting set of aromas. The palate runs on fresh fruit, and overall it's all about clean, forward juicy flavors and very little extra. A nice aperitif Pinot Noir.", "So what's this California winery doing in Oregon? Making a nice little Pinot Noir for the masses. Connoisseurs will find it simple, but give Parducci a break. This is a good introduction to Pinot at a price everyone can afford.", 'This is a crisp, clean and refreshing wine. There is just the lightest sense of tannin giving the wine a zingy edge. Other than that, it is red-berry fruits all the way. Drink now. END
START HERE So what's this California winery doing in Oregon? Making a nice little Pinot Noir for the masses. Connoisseurs will find it simple, but give Parducci a break. This is a good introduction to Pinot at a price everyone can afford.", 'This is a crisp, clean and refreshing wine. There is just the lightest sense of tannin giving the wine a zingy edge. Other than that, it is red-berry fruits all the way. Drink now.', 'Nice melon, apple, talcum powder and mineral aromas set this off in a good direction. The palate is lively and balanced, with grapefruit as the prime flavor. Calm on the finish; a good quaffer if you get at it as fast as possible. END
START HERE This is a crisp, clean and refreshing wine. There is just the lightest sense of tannin giving the wine a zingy edge. Other than that, it is red-berry fruits all the way. Drink now.', 'Nice melon, apple, talcum powder and mineral aromas set this off in a good direction. The palate is lively and balanced, with grapefruit as the prime flavor. Calm on the finish; a good quaffer if you get at it as fast as possible.', 'Though 100% Merlot, it seems more reminiscent of a Syrah with notes of blue fruit and ash. The flavors are light with chalky, mouthcoating tannins. END
START HERE Nice melon, apple, talcum powder and mineral aromas set this off in a good direction. The palate is lively and balanced, with grapefruit as the prime flavor. Calm on the finish; a good quaffer if you get at it as fast as possible.', 'Though 100% Merlot, it seems more reminiscent of a Syrah with notes of blue fruit and ash. The flavors are light with chalky, mouthcoating tannins.', "Basic citrus and apple aromas lead to a round palate that won't stay fresh for much longer. It tastes melony and green, with lettuce flavors and a flat finish. END
START HERE Though 100% Merlot, it seems more reminiscent of a Syrah with notes of blue fruit and ash. The flavors are light with chalky, mouthcoating tannins.', "Basic citrus and apple aromas lead to a round palate that won't stay fresh for much longer. It tastes melony and green, with lettuce flavors and a flat finish.", 'Chewing gum and generic citrus aromas are basic. This wine feels flat, with little spunk. Fruitless, dried-out flavors are bland on the finish. END
START HERE Basic citrus and apple aromas lead to a round palate that won't stay fresh for much longer. It tastes melony and green, with lettuce flavors and a flat finish.", 'Chewing gum and generic citrus aromas are basic. This wine feels flat, with little spunk. Fruitless, dried-out flavors are bland on the finish.', "Boasts a reasonably complex bouquet of chocolate, cedar and weedy cassis, followed by a mellow, soft palate impression. The fruit is sweet and direct, just the kind of thing that would hit the spot with an impromptu meal of steak frites. No, there's not a lot of structure, but why age a wine that's so clearly made for immediate gratification?. END
START HERE Chewing gum and generic citrus aromas are basic. This wine feels flat, with little spunk. Fruitless, dried-out flavors are bland on the finish.', "Boasts a reasonably complex bouquet of chocolate, cedar and weedy cassis, followed by a mellow, soft palate impression. The fruit is sweet and direct, just the kind of thing that would hit the spot with an impromptu meal of steak frites. No, there's not a lot of structure, but why age a wine that's so clearly made for immediate gratification?", 'Cedar, red cherries and woodsy mineral notes make for a fairly complex opening. The palate is crisp, with lovely tar and leather notes framed by soft tannins that persist on the moderately long finish. An elegant choice to accompany steak. END
START HERE Boasts a reasonably complex bouquet of chocolate, cedar and weedy cassis, followed by a mellow, soft palate impression. The fruit is sweet and direct, just the kind of thing that would hit the spot with an impromptu meal of steak frites. No, there's not a lot of structure, but why age a wine that's so clearly made for immediate gratification?", 'Cedar, red cherries and woodsy mineral notes make for a fairly complex opening. The palate is crisp, with lovely tar and leather notes framed by soft tannins that persist on the moderately long finish. An elegant choice to accompany steak.', "What's nice about this wine is the acidity: It burns; it sparkles; it makes your mouth water and prepares it for yummy food. It's not all about fruit, oak and lees—a meal in itself. The flavors are of apples and peaches dusted with pepper and cinnamon. —S.H. END
START HERE Cedar, red cherries and woodsy mineral notes make for a fairly complex opening. The palate is crisp, with lovely tar and leather notes framed by soft tannins that persist on the moderately long finish. An elegant choice to accompany steak.', "What's nice about this wine is the acidity: It burns; it sparkles; it makes your mouth water and prepares it for yummy food. It's not all about fruit, oak and lees—a meal in itself. The flavors are of apples and peaches dusted with pepper and cinnamon. —S.H.", "One of the most commonly seen French rosés in the U.S., La Vieille Ferme's 2013 delivers a mouthful of bold red fruit, plenty of weight on the palate and a pleasant but quick finish. Drink up. END
START HERE What's nice about this wine is the acidity: It burns; it sparkles; it makes your mouth water and prepares it for yummy food. It's not all about fruit, oak and lees—a meal in itself. The flavors are of apples and peaches dusted with pepper and cinnamon. —S.H.", "One of the most commonly seen French rosés in the U.S., La Vieille Ferme's 2013 delivers a mouthful of bold red fruit, plenty of weight on the palate and a pleasant but quick finish. Drink up.", 'A heavy oak element dominates the aromas and flavors of this sweet-seeming, medium-bodied wine. It starts with toasted oak and smoked meat impressions and then gushes black-cherry and boysenberry notes on the palate. END
START HERE One of the most commonly seen French rosés in the U.S., La Vieille Ferme's 2013 delivers a mouthful of bold red fruit, plenty of weight on the palate and a pleasant but quick finish. Drink up.", 'A heavy oak element dominates the aromas and flavors of this sweet-seeming, medium-bodied wine. It starts with toasted oak and smoked meat impressions and then gushes black-cherry and boysenberry notes on the palate.', "On the sweet side, but it's also crisp, with enough zesty acidity to provide balance. Floral, apple-y and refreshingly light, this is a fine picnic wine. A chalky note gives added depth to the finish. END
START HERE A heavy oak element dominates the aromas and flavors of this sweet-seeming, medium-bodied wine. It starts with toasted oak and smoked meat impressions and then gushes black-cherry and boysenberry notes on the palate.', "On the sweet side, but it's also crisp, with enough zesty acidity to provide balance. Floral, apple-y and refreshingly light, this is a fine picnic wine. A chalky note gives added depth to the finish.", 'Pleasantly fruity and almost sweet, this medium-bodied wine offers a fruit bowl of flavor and freshness on the palate. END
START HERE On the sweet side, but it's also crisp, with enough zesty acidity to provide balance. Floral, apple-y and refreshingly light, this is a fine picnic wine. A chalky note gives added depth to the finish.", 'Pleasantly fruity and almost sweet, this medium-bodied wine offers a fruit bowl of flavor and freshness on the palate.', 'Fresh on the front end, this offers lean, citrusy aromas suggestive of grapefruit and lime. A citric, cutting palate brings lime, green apple and pickled mango flavors in front of a zesty but basic finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Pleasantly fruity and almost sweet, this medium-bodied wine offers a fruit bowl of flavor and freshness on the palate.', 'Fresh on the front end, this offers lean, citrusy aromas suggestive of grapefruit and lime. A citric, cutting palate brings lime, green apple and pickled mango flavors in front of a zesty but basic finish. Drink now.', 'Very weak, with watery fruit and medicinal oak flavors. Not offering much, even at this everyday price. END
START HERE Fresh on the front end, this offers lean, citrusy aromas suggestive of grapefruit and lime. A citric, cutting palate brings lime, green apple and pickled mango flavors in front of a zesty but basic finish. Drink now.', 'Very weak, with watery fruit and medicinal oak flavors. Not offering much, even at this everyday price.', "A little green and entirely basic, but in this price range it's not disappointing. The nose offers oregano, tomato and plum all in a savory wrapping, while the palate is lively and plummy, with no huge faults. Juicy as far as feel goes, with a bouncy red fruit-meets-herbal personality. END
START HERE Very weak, with watery fruit and medicinal oak flavors. Not offering much, even at this everyday price.', "A little green and entirely basic, but in this price range it's not disappointing. The nose offers oregano, tomato and plum all in a savory wrapping, while the palate is lively and plummy, with no huge faults. Juicy as far as feel goes, with a bouncy red fruit-meets-herbal personality.", 'This wine is ripe with black-currant flavors and a stalky texture. The dominant Merlot gives it rich character, while Cabernet Franc adds a perfumed, smoky flavor. Still structured, it will be ready from late 2016. END
START HERE A little green and entirely basic, but in this price range it's not disappointing. The nose offers oregano, tomato and plum all in a savory wrapping, while the palate is lively and plummy, with no huge faults. Juicy as far as feel goes, with a bouncy red fruit-meets-herbal personality.", 'This wine is ripe with black-currant flavors and a stalky texture. The dominant Merlot gives it rich character, while Cabernet Franc adds a perfumed, smoky flavor. Still structured, it will be ready from late 2016.', 'This smoky wine is full of wood and spice notes. Ripe fruit is also there, with some solid tannins to back it up. It will develop well. Drink from 2020. END
START HERE This wine is ripe with black-currant flavors and a stalky texture. The dominant Merlot gives it rich character, while Cabernet Franc adds a perfumed, smoky flavor. Still structured, it will be ready from late 2016.', 'This smoky wine is full of wood and spice notes. Ripe fruit is also there, with some solid tannins to back it up. It will develop well. Drink from 2020.', "Gets the job done with modest tangerine, pineapple and cream flavors. Nice and crisp and dry, but it's pretty thin. END
START HERE This smoky wine is full of wood and spice notes. Ripe fruit is also there, with some solid tannins to back it up. It will develop well. Drink from 2020.', "Gets the job done with modest tangerine, pineapple and cream flavors. Nice and crisp and dry, but it's pretty thin.", "This vintage seems to have taken a step forward compared to past years. It's bright pink in color, with tight, salinic aromas of cherry and apple skins. Tastes tangy and crisp, with plum, nectarine and citrus flavors. Real good for the price. END
START HERE Gets the job done with modest tangerine, pineapple and cream flavors. Nice and crisp and dry, but it's pretty thin.", "This vintage seems to have taken a step forward compared to past years. It's bright pink in color, with tight, salinic aromas of cherry and apple skins. Tastes tangy and crisp, with plum, nectarine and citrus flavors. Real good for the price.", 'Brambly plum and leafy berry aromas are quite typical of value-priced Chilean Merlot. The wine has a good mouthfeel and solid structure, with bright but basic berry fruit flavors. Short and generic on the finish. Good for the price. END
START HERE This vintage seems to have taken a step forward compared to past years. It's bright pink in color, with tight, salinic aromas of cherry and apple skins. Tastes tangy and crisp, with plum, nectarine and citrus flavors. Real good for the price.", 'Brambly plum and leafy berry aromas are quite typical of value-priced Chilean Merlot. The wine has a good mouthfeel and solid structure, with bright but basic berry fruit flavors. Short and generic on the finish. Good for the price.', 'This négociant wine, made at a large custom crush facility in Mattawa, Washington, shows traces of the crisp fruit and lively flair of more substantial efforts. But it feels a little faded, and falls a little flat. Not bad, just vin ordinaire. END
START HERE Brambly plum and leafy berry aromas are quite typical of value-priced Chilean Merlot. The wine has a good mouthfeel and solid structure, with bright but basic berry fruit flavors. Short and generic on the finish. Good for the price.', 'This négociant wine, made at a large custom crush facility in Mattawa, Washington, shows traces of the crisp fruit and lively flair of more substantial efforts. But it feels a little faded, and falls a little flat. Not bad, just vin ordinaire.', 'Young and grapy, with plenty of heavily toasted oak, this is one Chilean red that could use a year or so to settle down. Right now the fruit is just too unformed and the charred oak too unintegrated, but the solid raw materials should knit together nicely in a relatively short time. END
START HERE This négociant wine, made at a large custom crush facility in Mattawa, Washington, shows traces of the crisp fruit and lively flair of more substantial efforts. But it feels a little faded, and falls a little flat. Not bad, just vin ordinaire.', 'Young and grapy, with plenty of heavily toasted oak, this is one Chilean red that could use a year or so to settle down. Right now the fruit is just too unformed and the charred oak too unintegrated, but the solid raw materials should knit together nicely in a relatively short time.', 'Aromas of pear, citrus and almond should be familiar to anyone who knows Chilean Chardonnay, but to call this wine elevated or beyond regular would be a stretch. The palate is slightly lemony and green, and the finish has a persistent tang. Seems like basic Casablanca Chard to us. END
START HERE Young and grapy, with plenty of heavily toasted oak, this is one Chilean red that could use a year or so to settle down. Right now the fruit is just too unformed and the charred oak too unintegrated, but the solid raw materials should knit together nicely in a relatively short time.', 'Aromas of pear, citrus and almond should be familiar to anyone who knows Chilean Chardonnay, but to call this wine elevated or beyond regular would be a stretch. The palate is slightly lemony and green, and the finish has a persistent tang. Seems like basic Casablanca Chard to us.', 'This has a plump, yeasty, leesy feel, with tropical fruit and lychee aromas. Flavors of bread and white fruit unfold on the palate, with notes of banana and papaya on the finish. END
START HERE Aromas of pear, citrus and almond should be familiar to anyone who knows Chilean Chardonnay, but to call this wine elevated or beyond regular would be a stretch. The palate is slightly lemony and green, and the finish has a persistent tang. Seems like basic Casablanca Chard to us.', 'This has a plump, yeasty, leesy feel, with tropical fruit and lychee aromas. Flavors of bread and white fruit unfold on the palate, with notes of banana and papaya on the finish.', 'Loud citrus and berry aromas precede an overloaded palate that carries stalky plum flavors. Pickled tasting on the finish. END
START HERE This has a plump, yeasty, leesy feel, with tropical fruit and lychee aromas. Flavors of bread and white fruit unfold on the palate, with notes of banana and papaya on the finish.', 'Loud citrus and berry aromas precede an overloaded palate that carries stalky plum flavors. Pickled tasting on the finish.', 'This tangy wine is crisp while also fruity. With its hints of herbal flavors along with green plum and apples, it is a juicy wine that is ready to drink now. END
START HERE Loud citrus and berry aromas precede an overloaded palate that carries stalky plum flavors. Pickled tasting on the finish.', 'This tangy wine is crisp while also fruity. With its hints of herbal flavors along with green plum and apples, it is a juicy wine that is ready to drink now.', "Hard and fiery, with spearmint dominating the nose. Raw and jumpy in the mouth, with hard berry and coffee flavors. Not much else to say about this tough wine; it's a fighter not a lover. Imported by USA Wine Imports. END
START HERE This tangy wine is crisp while also fruity. With its hints of herbal flavors along with green plum and apples, it is a juicy wine that is ready to drink now.', "Hard and fiery, with spearmint dominating the nose. Raw and jumpy in the mouth, with hard berry and coffee flavors. Not much else to say about this tough wine; it's a fighter not a lover. Imported by USA Wine Imports.", 'This is a stylish attractive wine. It has an herbal touch although it is more about delicious bright fruit. Citrus and crisp apples dominate, laced with acidity. This refreshing wine is ready to drink now. END
START HERE Hard and fiery, with spearmint dominating the nose. Raw and jumpy in the mouth, with hard berry and coffee flavors. Not much else to say about this tough wine; it's a fighter not a lover. Imported by USA Wine Imports.", 'This is a stylish attractive wine. It has an herbal touch although it is more about delicious bright fruit. Citrus and crisp apples dominate, laced with acidity. This refreshing wine is ready to drink now.', "Lavender and licorice on the nose; the palate mixes shy black cherry and cassis flavors with a bit of Chile's patented leafy character. The finish is round and offers a touch of vanilla and mocha. For the money this is solid and very easy to drink. END
START HERE This is a stylish attractive wine. It has an herbal touch although it is more about delicious bright fruit. Citrus and crisp apples dominate, laced with acidity. This refreshing wine is ready to drink now.', "Lavender and licorice on the nose; the palate mixes shy black cherry and cassis flavors with a bit of Chile's patented leafy character. The finish is round and offers a touch of vanilla and mocha. For the money this is solid and very easy to drink.", "This Malbec's high-toned floral aromas of plum and blueberry come in front of a raw, abrasive palate. This tastes like pickled cranberry, while a citric finish is an enamel-peeler. END
START HERE Lavender and licorice on the nose; the palate mixes shy black cherry and cassis flavors with a bit of Chile's patented leafy character. The finish is round and offers a touch of vanilla and mocha. For the money this is solid and very easy to drink.", "This Malbec's high-toned floral aromas of plum and blueberry come in front of a raw, abrasive palate. This tastes like pickled cranberry, while a citric finish is an enamel-peeler.", 'The Lurtons get their fruit for this wine from the Carcassonne region, the coolest part of the Languedoc. That explains the simple freshness of the red fruits, the acidity and the supple but dry tannins. Screwcap. END
START HERE This Malbec's high-toned floral aromas of plum and blueberry come in front of a raw, abrasive palate. This tastes like pickled cranberry, while a citric finish is an enamel-peeler.", 'The Lurtons get their fruit for this wine from the Carcassonne region, the coolest part of the Languedoc. That explains the simple freshness of the red fruits, the acidity and the supple but dry tannins. Screwcap.', 'Mild citrus and grassy aromas are quiet, while this feels pithy and flat for a young wine. Tangerine and persimmon flavors are not on the money for Sauvignon Blanc, with a mildly bitter and pyrazinic finish. END
START HERE The Lurtons get their fruit for this wine from the Carcassonne region, the coolest part of the Languedoc. That explains the simple freshness of the red fruits, the acidity and the supple but dry tannins. Screwcap.', 'Mild citrus and grassy aromas are quiet, while this feels pithy and flat for a young wine. Tangerine and persimmon flavors are not on the money for Sauvignon Blanc, with a mildly bitter and pyrazinic finish.', 'Red fruit aromas are fresh and sharp, yet tight and linear. The palate follows suit by way of tart citrus overpowering cherry and raspberry flavors. A dash of spice lingers on a semisour finish. END
START HERE Mild citrus and grassy aromas are quiet, while this feels pithy and flat for a young wine. Tangerine and persimmon flavors are not on the money for Sauvignon Blanc, with a mildly bitter and pyrazinic finish.', 'Red fruit aromas are fresh and sharp, yet tight and linear. The palate follows suit by way of tart citrus overpowering cherry and raspberry flavors. A dash of spice lingers on a semisour finish.', "Big but murky; there just isn't much focus to this leathery, full-fruit bruiser that seems to draw its energy from a powerful beam of acidity that runs through the center of things. Short on balance and charm, but big on extract and tannins. END
START HERE Red fruit aromas are fresh and sharp, yet tight and linear. The palate follows suit by way of tart citrus overpowering cherry and raspberry flavors. A dash of spice lingers on a semisour finish.', "Big but murky; there just isn't much focus to this leathery, full-fruit bruiser that seems to draw its energy from a powerful beam of acidity that runs through the center of things. Short on balance and charm, but big on extract and tannins.", 'Pink in color, a smooth wine, layered in caramel, missing real fruit. END
START HERE Big but murky; there just isn't much focus to this leathery, full-fruit bruiser that seems to draw its energy from a powerful beam of acidity that runs through the center of things. Short on balance and charm, but big on extract and tannins.", 'Pink in color, a smooth wine, layered in caramel, missing real fruit.', "If you love Chardonnay, this well-priced expression from central Italy is well worth your time. There's a floral element of honeysuckle and yellow rose backed by a soft, creamy mouthfeel. END
START HERE Pink in color, a smooth wine, layered in caramel, missing real fruit.', "If you love Chardonnay, this well-priced expression from central Italy is well worth your time. There's a floral element of honeysuckle and yellow rose backed by a soft, creamy mouthfeel.", "Consistent with the mediocre 2006. This amounts to generic red wine in a catchy, youthful package. It offers basic raspberry and strawberry aromas and flavors along with scouring acidity. It's bouncy and free-flowing, but hardly what we'd call an elevated premium wine. END
START HERE If you love Chardonnay, this well-priced expression from central Italy is well worth your time. There's a floral element of honeysuckle and yellow rose backed by a soft, creamy mouthfeel.", "Consistent with the mediocre 2006. This amounts to generic red wine in a catchy, youthful package. It offers basic raspberry and strawberry aromas and flavors along with scouring acidity. It's bouncy and free-flowing, but hardly what we'd call an elevated premium wine.", 'Surprisingly rich and nuanced for such an inexpensive wine, it has balanced aromas and flavors of blackberries, pepper and earth. Has the finesse and complexity of red wines costing a lot more. —S.H. END
START HERE Consistent with the mediocre 2006. This amounts to generic red wine in a catchy, youthful package. It offers basic raspberry and strawberry aromas and flavors along with scouring acidity. It's bouncy and free-flowing, but hardly what we'd call an elevated premium wine.", 'Surprisingly rich and nuanced for such an inexpensive wine, it has balanced aromas and flavors of blackberries, pepper and earth. Has the finesse and complexity of red wines costing a lot more. —S.H.', 'Mild, clean and peachy on the nose, with a pinch of sweet banana. It feels chunky but honest, with apple, sweet citrus and peach flavors. The finish is solid; a good wine for under $10. END
START HERE Surprisingly rich and nuanced for such an inexpensive wine, it has balanced aromas and flavors of blackberries, pepper and earth. Has the finesse and complexity of red wines costing a lot more. —S.H.', 'Mild, clean and peachy on the nose, with a pinch of sweet banana. It feels chunky but honest, with apple, sweet citrus and peach flavors. The finish is solid; a good wine for under $10.', "This garnet colored wine has aromas of red plums and black pepper. There are jammy flavors of ripe cherry and red raspberry on the palate. There's a nice acidic bite and a pleasant touch of astringency on the finish. END
START HERE Mild, clean and peachy on the nose, with a pinch of sweet banana. It feels chunky but honest, with apple, sweet citrus and peach flavors. The finish is solid; a good wine for under $10.', "This garnet colored wine has aromas of red plums and black pepper. There are jammy flavors of ripe cherry and red raspberry on the palate. There's a nice acidic bite and a pleasant touch of astringency on the finish.", 'This blend of Syrah and Grenache has minty, wet-plaster aromas, but also some pure Grenache notes. The palate runs tart, with cranberry and cherry. And the finish is tight and bitter, with more acids than tannin. A viable bistro wine but go no further. END
START HERE This garnet colored wine has aromas of red plums and black pepper. There are jammy flavors of ripe cherry and red raspberry on the palate. There's a nice acidic bite and a pleasant touch of astringency on the finish.", 'This blend of Syrah and Grenache has minty, wet-plaster aromas, but also some pure Grenache notes. The palate runs tart, with cranberry and cherry. And the finish is tight and bitter, with more acids than tannin. A viable bistro wine but go no further.', 'For $9 a nice wine in a nice package, made from old-vine Zinfandel from Lodi. The red fruit on the nose pops out pleasantly followed by smooth tannins and a fruity, chocolaty mix of flavors. END
START HERE This blend of Syrah and Grenache has minty, wet-plaster aromas, but also some pure Grenache notes. The palate runs tart, with cranberry and cherry. And the finish is tight and bitter, with more acids than tannin. A viable bistro wine but go no further.', 'For $9 a nice wine in a nice package, made from old-vine Zinfandel from Lodi. The red fruit on the nose pops out pleasantly followed by smooth tannins and a fruity, chocolaty mix of flavors.', 'This wine is firm, dense and packed with tannins. Juicy acidity lends a crisp character to its dominant black currant fruit. It will take time to soften, so drink from 2020. END
START HERE For $9 a nice wine in a nice package, made from old-vine Zinfandel from Lodi. The red fruit on the nose pops out pleasantly followed by smooth tannins and a fruity, chocolaty mix of flavors.', 'This wine is firm, dense and packed with tannins. Juicy acidity lends a crisp character to its dominant black currant fruit. It will take time to soften, so drink from 2020.', 'Off the bat, this smells a bit like fruit punch, although with time it stiffens. A chunky heavy somewhat flat palate tastes of clove, chocolate and berry and plum. END
START HERE This wine is firm, dense and packed with tannins. Juicy acidity lends a crisp character to its dominant black currant fruit. It will take time to soften, so drink from 2020.', 'Off the bat, this smells a bit like fruit punch, although with time it stiffens. A chunky heavy somewhat flat palate tastes of clove, chocolate and berry and plum.', 'Spicy and bright, this blend of Cabernet and five other black grapes is a bit diffuse. A mix of berries and astringent tannins dominate, with black tea in the finish. Will show best with grilled meats. END
START HERE Off the bat, this smells a bit like fruit punch, although with time it stiffens. A chunky heavy somewhat flat palate tastes of clove, chocolate and berry and plum.', 'Spicy and bright, this blend of Cabernet and five other black grapes is a bit diffuse. A mix of berries and astringent tannins dominate, with black tea in the finish. Will show best with grilled meats.', "Bright aromas of apricot, pear, lavender and jasmine capture the senses while the richly sweet stone fruit flavors also bring pleasure. The concentration and acid don't entirely match up but there's still much to enjoy. END
START HERE Spicy and bright, this blend of Cabernet and five other black grapes is a bit diffuse. A mix of berries and astringent tannins dominate, with black tea in the finish. Will show best with grilled meats.', "Bright aromas of apricot, pear, lavender and jasmine capture the senses while the richly sweet stone fruit flavors also bring pleasure. The concentration and acid don't entirely match up but there's still much to enjoy.", 'Shy and neutral on the nose except for a touch of apple. The palate is hollow and citric, with racy lime flavors that end tangy. This is short on substance and offers minimal character. END
START HERE Bright aromas of apricot, pear, lavender and jasmine capture the senses while the richly sweet stone fruit flavors also bring pleasure. The concentration and acid don't entirely match up but there's still much to enjoy.", 'Shy and neutral on the nose except for a touch of apple. The palate is hollow and citric, with racy lime flavors that end tangy. This is short on substance and offers minimal character.', 'Creamy, rich and loaded with apricot and peach, this would pair well with creamy vegetable risotto. END
START HERE Shy and neutral on the nose except for a touch of apple. The palate is hollow and citric, with racy lime flavors that end tangy. This is short on substance and offers minimal character.', 'Creamy, rich and loaded with apricot and peach, this would pair well with creamy vegetable risotto.', 'Tart, dry and simple, this Cab will happily wash down tri-tip at your next tailgate party. The flavors are of grilled blackberries and dark, unsweetened chocolate. END
START HERE Creamy, rich and loaded with apricot and peach, this would pair well with creamy vegetable risotto.', 'Tart, dry and simple, this Cab will happily wash down tri-tip at your next tailgate party. The flavors are of grilled blackberries and dark, unsweetened chocolate.', 'Briny aromas of gooseberry and citrus are a touch sweaty. In the mouth, this is medium in weight. Flavors of briny grapefruit and other citrus fruits finish similarly. The blend is 60% Cabernet Sauvignon and 40% Tempranillo. END
START HERE Tart, dry and simple, this Cab will happily wash down tri-tip at your next tailgate party. The flavors are of grilled blackberries and dark, unsweetened chocolate.', 'Briny aromas of gooseberry and citrus are a touch sweaty. In the mouth, this is medium in weight. Flavors of briny grapefruit and other citrus fruits finish similarly. The blend is 60% Cabernet Sauvignon and 40% Tempranillo.', 'A springy nose of cherry, raspberry and chocolate is a good opener, while the palate boasts a mix of herbs, tobacco, olive and plum flavors. The feel is a high point, with lushness and balancing acidity each making a cameo. Finishes mildly peppery. Good Merlot for the money. END
START HERE Briny aromas of gooseberry and citrus are a touch sweaty. In the mouth, this is medium in weight. Flavors of briny grapefruit and other citrus fruits finish similarly. The blend is 60% Cabernet Sauvignon and 40% Tempranillo.', 'A springy nose of cherry, raspberry and chocolate is a good opener, while the palate boasts a mix of herbs, tobacco, olive and plum flavors. The feel is a high point, with lushness and balancing acidity each making a cameo. Finishes mildly peppery. Good Merlot for the money.', "A simple, sweet quaff that's surprisingly good, from a winery known more for their wines from French-American hybrids. The peach and superripe apple flavors show a clean, crystalline quality to the fruit. END
START HERE A springy nose of cherry, raspberry and chocolate is a good opener, while the palate boasts a mix of herbs, tobacco, olive and plum flavors. The feel is a high point, with lushness and balancing acidity each making a cameo. Finishes mildly peppery. Good Merlot for the money.', "A simple, sweet quaff that's surprisingly good, from a winery known more for their wines from French-American hybrids. The peach and superripe apple flavors show a clean, crystalline quality to the fruit.", 'A great value and a good choice for barbecue or summer seafood dishes. Moderate notes of small red berries, wild strawberry and raspberry dominate the creamy mouth along with a hint of soft garrigue herbs on the finish. END
START HERE A simple, sweet quaff that's surprisingly good, from a winery known more for their wines from French-American hybrids. The peach and superripe apple flavors show a clean, crystalline quality to the fruit.", 'A great value and a good choice for barbecue or summer seafood dishes. Moderate notes of small red berries, wild strawberry and raspberry dominate the creamy mouth along with a hint of soft garrigue herbs on the finish.', 'Simple and sweet, like a mixture of watermelon, lemonade and raspberry jam. END
START HERE A great value and a good choice for barbecue or summer seafood dishes. Moderate notes of small red berries, wild strawberry and raspberry dominate the creamy mouth along with a hint of soft garrigue herbs on the finish.', 'Simple and sweet, like a mixture of watermelon, lemonade and raspberry jam.', "Strange Chardonnay. It smells and tastes more like feeble Torrontés than Chard. The palate offers only shearing apple fruit, and the finish is hard. Can't imagine anyone pegging this as Chardonnay. END
START HERE Simple and sweet, like a mixture of watermelon, lemonade and raspberry jam.', "Strange Chardonnay. It smells and tastes more like feeble Torrontés than Chard. The palate offers only shearing apple fruit, and the finish is hard. Can't imagine anyone pegging this as Chardonnay.", "Pithy citrus and nectarine aromas announce a palate that's citrusy all the way. Flavors of orange, lemon and grapefruit keep a persistent citric character through the finish, which is basic but refreshing. END
START HERE Strange Chardonnay. It smells and tastes more like feeble Torrontés than Chard. The palate offers only shearing apple fruit, and the finish is hard. Can't imagine anyone pegging this as Chardonnay.", "Pithy citrus and nectarine aromas announce a palate that's citrusy all the way. Flavors of orange, lemon and grapefruit keep a persistent citric character through the finish, which is basic but refreshing.", "The darkening color and honeyed, butterscotch-like aromas suggest a wine that is entering decline. There's still enough peach and mango fruit to give it some interest, but drink up. END
START HERE Pithy citrus and nectarine aromas announce a palate that's citrusy all the way. Flavors of orange, lemon and grapefruit keep a persistent citric character through the finish, which is basic but refreshing.", "The darkening color and honeyed, butterscotch-like aromas suggest a wine that is entering decline. There's still enough peach and mango fruit to give it some interest, but drink up.", 'Ventoso (“windy”) shows easy fruit aromas of cherry and blackberry, with notes of cured meat and tobacco. Nothing on the bouquet is overdone by any stretch, but the wine does offer a nice, easygoing informality for pizza or pasta dinners. END
START HERE The darkening color and honeyed, butterscotch-like aromas suggest a wine that is entering decline. There's still enough peach and mango fruit to give it some interest, but drink up.", 'Ventoso (“windy”) shows easy fruit aromas of cherry and blackberry, with notes of cured meat and tobacco. Nothing on the bouquet is overdone by any stretch, but the wine does offer a nice, easygoing informality for pizza or pasta dinners.', 'A blend of Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with cherry cola, sweet fruit, spice and dried rosemary aromas. It is easy-drinking and bright, with a touch of fruity sweetness on the finish. END
START HERE Ventoso (“windy”) shows easy fruit aromas of cherry and blackberry, with notes of cured meat and tobacco. Nothing on the bouquet is overdone by any stretch, but the wine does offer a nice, easygoing informality for pizza or pasta dinners.', 'A blend of Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with cherry cola, sweet fruit, spice and dried rosemary aromas. It is easy-drinking and bright, with a touch of fruity sweetness on the finish.', 'A simple Sauvignon Blanc, this is a little sweet and acidic, and the citrus flavors are unripe and green. END
START HERE A blend of Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with cherry cola, sweet fruit, spice and dried rosemary aromas. It is easy-drinking and bright, with a touch of fruity sweetness on the finish.', 'A simple Sauvignon Blanc, this is a little sweet and acidic, and the citrus flavors are unripe and green.', 'The nose is bland, becoming vegetal and dull on the palate, with green bean and bell pepper flavors that are more normal for underripe Sauvignon Blanc than Chardonnay. This finishes pithy and green. END
START HERE A simple Sauvignon Blanc, this is a little sweet and acidic, and the citrus flavors are unripe and green.', 'The nose is bland, becoming vegetal and dull on the palate, with green bean and bell pepper flavors that are more normal for underripe Sauvignon Blanc than Chardonnay. This finishes pithy and green.', 'From every angle this wine is sharp, raspy and brambly. The mouthfeel is scratchy, while the flavors waver between being burnt and stalky to being shrill and sour. Char and compost elements bring down the finish. END
START HERE The nose is bland, becoming vegetal and dull on the palate, with green bean and bell pepper flavors that are more normal for underripe Sauvignon Blanc than Chardonnay. This finishes pithy and green.', 'From every angle this wine is sharp, raspy and brambly. The mouthfeel is scratchy, while the flavors waver between being burnt and stalky to being shrill and sour. Char and compost elements bring down the finish.', 'Firm aromas of black plum, black cherry and sugar beet give way to power and lots of body on the palate. This delivers the goods in the form of chocolate and herbal berry flavors, which are backed by minty, dry oak notes on the finish. END
START HERE From every angle this wine is sharp, raspy and brambly. The mouthfeel is scratchy, while the flavors waver between being burnt and stalky to being shrill and sour. Char and compost elements bring down the finish.', 'Firm aromas of black plum, black cherry and sugar beet give way to power and lots of body on the palate. This delivers the goods in the form of chocolate and herbal berry flavors, which are backed by minty, dry oak notes on the finish.', 'An assertive menthol streak shines through the dark fruit core, along with a hint of spice cake. Soft and somewhat flabby on the midpalate; drink now. END
START HERE Firm aromas of black plum, black cherry and sugar beet give way to power and lots of body on the palate. This delivers the goods in the form of chocolate and herbal berry flavors, which are backed by minty, dry oak notes on the finish.', 'An assertive menthol streak shines through the dark fruit core, along with a hint of spice cake. Soft and somewhat flabby on the midpalate; drink now.', 'This straw-colored Chardonnay has aromas of apple and citrus blossom with flavors of creamy apple, vanilla and citrus pith. It has nice weight on the palate with a clean acidic finish. END
START HERE An assertive menthol streak shines through the dark fruit core, along with a hint of spice cake. Soft and somewhat flabby on the midpalate; drink now.', 'This straw-colored Chardonnay has aromas of apple and citrus blossom with flavors of creamy apple, vanilla and citrus pith. It has nice weight on the palate with a clean acidic finish.', "The nose is neutral except for dusty aromas and a hint of applesauce. This feels bold, thick and a bit clumsy, with pithy citrus, nectarine and apricot flavors. These notes continue through the wine's finish. Drink now. END
START HERE This straw-colored Chardonnay has aromas of apple and citrus blossom with flavors of creamy apple, vanilla and citrus pith. It has nice weight on the palate with a clean acidic finish.', "The nose is neutral except for dusty aromas and a hint of applesauce. This feels bold, thick and a bit clumsy, with pithy citrus, nectarine and apricot flavors. These notes continue through the wine's finish. Drink now.", 'A lean, acidic Malbec that defies the tried and true model of richness and lots of flavor. It has rhubarb and green raspberry aromas, while the palate is short, tart and herbal. Not a lot of definition here. END
START HERE The nose is neutral except for dusty aromas and a hint of applesauce. This feels bold, thick and a bit clumsy, with pithy citrus, nectarine and apricot flavors. These notes continue through the wine's finish. Drink now.", 'A lean, acidic Malbec that defies the tried and true model of richness and lots of flavor. It has rhubarb and green raspberry aromas, while the palate is short, tart and herbal. Not a lot of definition here.', 'Zinfandels from the large Clockspring vineyard are made by a variety of wineries, and they vary in quality. This one shows very ripe blackberry, cherry, tangerine, cola and date flavors, and is dry. The tannins are intricate, with a jalapeño pepper finish. END
START HERE A lean, acidic Malbec that defies the tried and true model of richness and lots of flavor. It has rhubarb and green raspberry aromas, while the palate is short, tart and herbal. Not a lot of definition here.', 'Zinfandels from the large Clockspring vineyard are made by a variety of wineries, and they vary in quality. This one shows very ripe blackberry, cherry, tangerine, cola and date flavors, and is dry. The tannins are intricate, with a jalapeño pepper finish.', 'A wine that aims to bring out the casual side of Bordeaux, this is friendly, accessible, without losing the essential dry tannins and fresh black currant flavors typical of the region. If only all branded Bordeaux was like this. END
START HERE Zinfandels from the large Clockspring vineyard are made by a variety of wineries, and they vary in quality. This one shows very ripe blackberry, cherry, tangerine, cola and date flavors, and is dry. The tannins are intricate, with a jalapeño pepper finish.', 'A wine that aims to bring out the casual side of Bordeaux, this is friendly, accessible, without losing the essential dry tannins and fresh black currant flavors typical of the region. If only all branded Bordeaux was like this.', 'This shows real varietal character with spicy peaches-and-cream flavors and a nice vein of smoky oak, and a honeyed, crisp finish. END
START HERE A wine that aims to bring out the casual side of Bordeaux, this is friendly, accessible, without losing the essential dry tannins and fresh black currant flavors typical of the region. If only all branded Bordeaux was like this.', 'This shows real varietal character with spicy peaches-and-cream flavors and a nice vein of smoky oak, and a honeyed, crisp finish.', 'Dull and insipid, with little Pinot character beyond some modest berry flavors and easy tannins. Turns gluey and thick on the dry finish. END
START HERE This shows real varietal character with spicy peaches-and-cream flavors and a nice vein of smoky oak, and a honeyed, crisp finish.', 'Dull and insipid, with little Pinot character beyond some modest berry flavors and easy tannins. Turns gluey and thick on the dry finish.', 'This candied rosé is a blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah. Full of soft red berry fruits with only light acidity, it is off-dry to taste. A touch of pepper at the end is less attractive. END
START HERE Dull and insipid, with little Pinot character beyond some modest berry flavors and easy tannins. Turns gluey and thick on the dry finish.', 'This candied rosé is a blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah. Full of soft red berry fruits with only light acidity, it is off-dry to taste. A touch of pepper at the end is less attractive.', "Straightforward and appealing, this wine provides aromas and flavors of pineapple, peach and pear. The concentration isn't all there but the variety is unmistakable. END
START HERE This candied rosé is a blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah. Full of soft red berry fruits with only light acidity, it is off-dry to taste. A touch of pepper at the end is less attractive.', "Straightforward and appealing, this wine provides aromas and flavors of pineapple, peach and pear. The concentration isn't all there but the variety is unmistakable.", 'Aromas of lemon zest and freshly cut grass abound on the nose. Flavors of lemon curd and lemon pith bring nuance to the palate. END
START HERE Straightforward and appealing, this wine provides aromas and flavors of pineapple, peach and pear. The concentration isn't all there but the variety is unmistakable.", 'Aromas of lemon zest and freshly cut grass abound on the nose. Flavors of lemon curd and lemon pith bring nuance to the palate.', 'Soft vanilla flavors counterpoint pretty cherry/berry fruit. This is a well-balanced, complete effort, with no hint of weediness despite its everyday price. Best Buy. —P.G. END
START HERE Aromas of lemon zest and freshly cut grass abound on the nose. Flavors of lemon curd and lemon pith bring nuance to the palate.', 'Soft vanilla flavors counterpoint pretty cherry/berry fruit. This is a well-balanced, complete effort, with no hint of weediness despite its everyday price. Best Buy. —P.G.', 'Candied cherry aromas are mildly rubbery and suggestive of nail polish. On the palate, this Malbec feels round, fair and balanced. Flavors of pasty fruit and oak accent red-fruit notes. END
START HERE Soft vanilla flavors counterpoint pretty cherry/berry fruit. This is a well-balanced, complete effort, with no hint of weediness despite its everyday price. Best Buy. —P.G.', 'Candied cherry aromas are mildly rubbery and suggestive of nail polish. On the palate, this Malbec feels round, fair and balanced. Flavors of pasty fruit and oak accent red-fruit notes.', 'You could do a lot worse at the U.S. Open than to sip a glass of this. Keeping it well-chilled will help rein in the broad, weighty notes of peach and melon and allow hints of peppery spice to emerge on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Candied cherry aromas are mildly rubbery and suggestive of nail polish. On the palate, this Malbec feels round, fair and balanced. Flavors of pasty fruit and oak accent red-fruit notes.', 'You could do a lot worse at the U.S. Open than to sip a glass of this. Keeping it well-chilled will help rein in the broad, weighty notes of peach and melon and allow hints of peppery spice to emerge on the finish. Drink now.', 'Leesy aromas of tropical fruits, banana and canned peaches are sweet and candied but fair. Good acidity keeps this upright, while apple juice, peach and citrus flavors finish short but clean. END
START HERE You could do a lot worse at the U.S. Open than to sip a glass of this. Keeping it well-chilled will help rein in the broad, weighty notes of peach and melon and allow hints of peppery spice to emerge on the finish. Drink now.', 'Leesy aromas of tropical fruits, banana and canned peaches are sweet and candied but fair. Good acidity keeps this upright, while apple juice, peach and citrus flavors finish short but clean.', "Notes of ripe red berries are featured on the nose of this off-dry rosé, alongside hints of dusty mineral and tomato water. It's straightforward on the palate, with a cheery, slightly candied berry flavor, but it finishes clean with brisk acidity. END
START HERE Leesy aromas of tropical fruits, banana and canned peaches are sweet and candied but fair. Good acidity keeps this upright, while apple juice, peach and citrus flavors finish short but clean.', "Notes of ripe red berries are featured on the nose of this off-dry rosé, alongside hints of dusty mineral and tomato water. It's straightforward on the palate, with a cheery, slightly candied berry flavor, but it finishes clean with brisk acidity.", "Rich and caramel flavored, this is a rounded, sweet strawberry wine. It has plenty of fresh acidity to cut through the ripe texture, but it's not for an apéritif, more for food. END
START HERE Notes of ripe red berries are featured on the nose of this off-dry rosé, alongside hints of dusty mineral and tomato water. It's straightforward on the palate, with a cheery, slightly candied berry flavor, but it finishes clean with brisk acidity.", "Rich and caramel flavored, this is a rounded, sweet strawberry wine. It has plenty of fresh acidity to cut through the ripe texture, but it's not for an apéritif, more for food.", "Tastes overripe, showing raisin and prune flavors and lots of oak, with awkward tannins. On the plus side, it's dry, and the alcohol is a refreshing 13.6% by volume, giving it an elegant mouthfeel. END
START HERE Rich and caramel flavored, this is a rounded, sweet strawberry wine. It has plenty of fresh acidity to cut through the ripe texture, but it's not for an apéritif, more for food.", "Tastes overripe, showing raisin and prune flavors and lots of oak, with awkward tannins. On the plus side, it's dry, and the alcohol is a refreshing 13.6% by volume, giving it an elegant mouthfeel.", 'Very young and crisp, this refreshingly fruity wine has intense acidity, strong citrus flavors and a light, bright aftertaste. Drink from 2016 for its acidity to soften. END
START HERE Tastes overripe, showing raisin and prune flavors and lots of oak, with awkward tannins. On the plus side, it's dry, and the alcohol is a refreshing 13.6% by volume, giving it an elegant mouthfeel.", 'Very young and crisp, this refreshingly fruity wine has intense acidity, strong citrus flavors and a light, bright aftertaste. Drink from 2016 for its acidity to soften.', 'This wine offers aromas of tire rubber and blue fruit. It drinks off dry, with tangy coffee and plum flavors, trailing toward the finish. END
START HERE Very young and crisp, this refreshingly fruity wine has intense acidity, strong citrus flavors and a light, bright aftertaste. Drink from 2016 for its acidity to soften.', 'This wine offers aromas of tire rubber and blue fruit. It drinks off dry, with tangy coffee and plum flavors, trailing toward the finish.', "Berry and rubber band are the lead aromas. The wine has texture and lasting freshness despite being more than a year old already. It's medium in size and body, with red fruit and apple skin flavors. Solid, fruity and just lively enough. END
START HERE This wine offers aromas of tire rubber and blue fruit. It drinks off dry, with tangy coffee and plum flavors, trailing toward the finish.', "Berry and rubber band are the lead aromas. The wine has texture and lasting freshness despite being more than a year old already. It's medium in size and body, with red fruit and apple skin flavors. Solid, fruity and just lively enough.", 'Aromas of blackcurrant leaf, plum and pepper are apparent on the nose of this value-priced wine. The palate is light but firm, with flavors of red plum and cherry wrapped in astringent tannins. The finish is short, but clean. END
START HERE Berry and rubber band are the lead aromas. The wine has texture and lasting freshness despite being more than a year old already. It's medium in size and body, with red fruit and apple skin flavors. Solid, fruity and just lively enough.", 'Aromas of blackcurrant leaf, plum and pepper are apparent on the nose of this value-priced wine. The palate is light but firm, with flavors of red plum and cherry wrapped in astringent tannins. The finish is short, but clean.', "This South Eastern Australia Chard packs quite a punch for the price. The nose is fresh but subtle, with hints of hand soap and cut apples. There's a luxurious quality to the palate that melds well with flavors of almond and pear and carries over to the silky, medium finish. Winds up on a note of tropical fruit. Drink now through 2011. END
START HERE Aromas of blackcurrant leaf, plum and pepper are apparent on the nose of this value-priced wine. The palate is light but firm, with flavors of red plum and cherry wrapped in astringent tannins. The finish is short, but clean.', "This South Eastern Australia Chard packs quite a punch for the price. The nose is fresh but subtle, with hints of hand soap and cut apples. There's a luxurious quality to the palate that melds well with flavors of almond and pear and carries over to the silky, medium finish. Winds up on a note of tropical fruit. Drink now through 2011.", 'Red plum and scratchy, herbal aromas form a decent bouquet. This Cab is modest and edgy in feel, with equally raw and edgy red-berry flavors that finish quick and punchy. END
START HERE This South Eastern Australia Chard packs quite a punch for the price. The nose is fresh but subtle, with hints of hand soap and cut apples. There's a luxurious quality to the palate that melds well with flavors of almond and pear and carries over to the silky, medium finish. Winds up on a note of tropical fruit. Drink now through 2011.", 'Red plum and scratchy, herbal aromas form a decent bouquet. This Cab is modest and edgy in feel, with equally raw and edgy red-berry flavors that finish quick and punchy.', 'A deliciously fruity rosé, brimming with smiling red-berry flavors and enhanced by a lime-like tang. It is just what a light summer rosé should be. Screwcap. END
START HERE Red plum and scratchy, herbal aromas form a decent bouquet. This Cab is modest and edgy in feel, with equally raw and edgy red-berry flavors that finish quick and punchy.', 'A deliciously fruity rosé, brimming with smiling red-berry flavors and enhanced by a lime-like tang. It is just what a light summer rosé should be. Screwcap.', "This brings a boatload of flavor for the price. It's packed with fruit;  citrus, pineapple, apple, and peach, round and succulent, with just the right amount of sharp acidity to give it some verve. END
START HERE A deliciously fruity rosé, brimming with smiling red-berry flavors and enhanced by a lime-like tang. It is just what a light summer rosé should be. Screwcap.', "This brings a boatload of flavor for the price. It's packed with fruit;  citrus, pineapple, apple, and peach, round and succulent, with just the right amount of sharp acidity to give it some verve.", 'Aromas like black pepper, anise and grilled meat lead to nicely tart flavors and a mildly tannic mouthfeel. This spicy-tasting wine is relatively light bodied but has plenty of interesting flavors to explore. END
START HERE This brings a boatload of flavor for the price. It's packed with fruit;  citrus, pineapple, apple, and peach, round and succulent, with just the right amount of sharp acidity to give it some verve.", 'Aromas like black pepper, anise and grilled meat lead to nicely tart flavors and a mildly tannic mouthfeel. This spicy-tasting wine is relatively light bodied but has plenty of interesting flavors to explore.', 'This wine is fresh, with plenty of acidity. It also has delicious raspberry fruits, the ripeness well integrated into the wine. For immediate drinking. END
START HERE Aromas like black pepper, anise and grilled meat lead to nicely tart flavors and a mildly tannic mouthfeel. This spicy-tasting wine is relatively light bodied but has plenty of interesting flavors to explore.', 'This wine is fresh, with plenty of acidity. It also has delicious raspberry fruits, the ripeness well integrated into the wine. For immediate drinking.', "Shows good Chardonnay character in the creamy texture and peach, pineapple and pear flavors. It's a little rustic, but this is a good price for what you get. END
START HERE This wine is fresh, with plenty of acidity. It also has delicious raspberry fruits, the ripeness well integrated into the wine. For immediate drinking.', "Shows good Chardonnay character in the creamy texture and peach, pineapple and pear flavors. It's a little rustic, but this is a good price for what you get.", "A controlled mix of rubber, berry, olive and leather gives this bargain hunter's wine a legitimate bouquet. The palate is herbal but also full of red fruits like currants, raspberry and plum, while the finish is mostly clean and sound. A solid wine for the price. END
START HERE Shows good Chardonnay character in the creamy texture and peach, pineapple and pear flavors. It's a little rustic, but this is a good price for what you get.", "A controlled mix of rubber, berry, olive and leather gives this bargain hunter's wine a legitimate bouquet. The palate is herbal but also full of red fruits like currants, raspberry and plum, while the finish is mostly clean and sound. A solid wine for the price.", 'Aromas of cherry, orange zest and vanilla custard set the stage for flavors of blackberry, blueberry, mocha, anise and flame-broiled meat. It is bright on entry, with soft but ever-present tannins. The finish features a burst of brightness and a note of aniseed. END
START HERE A controlled mix of rubber, berry, olive and leather gives this bargain hunter's wine a legitimate bouquet. The palate is herbal but also full of red fruits like currants, raspberry and plum, while the finish is mostly clean and sound. A solid wine for the price.", 'Aromas of cherry, orange zest and vanilla custard set the stage for flavors of blackberry, blueberry, mocha, anise and flame-broiled meat. It is bright on entry, with soft but ever-present tannins. The finish features a burst of brightness and a note of aniseed.', 'This has a big aromatic presence at first, but it elegantly melts into a soft texture and crisp red fruit. It would be a winner with steak. END
START HERE Aromas of cherry, orange zest and vanilla custard set the stage for flavors of blackberry, blueberry, mocha, anise and flame-broiled meat. It is bright on entry, with soft but ever-present tannins. The finish features a burst of brightness and a note of aniseed.', 'This has a big aromatic presence at first, but it elegantly melts into a soft texture and crisp red fruit. It would be a winner with steak.', 'This wine from Southern Moldova is aged six months in oak barrels, which give it a creamy texture. There are aromas of apple and orange flowers, and flavors of lemon pith and Granny Smith apple juice. END
START HERE This has a big aromatic presence at first, but it elegantly melts into a soft texture and crisp red fruit. It would be a winner with steak.', 'This wine from Southern Moldova is aged six months in oak barrels, which give it a creamy texture. There are aromas of apple and orange flowers, and flavors of lemon pith and Granny Smith apple juice.', 'Tight, nervy aromas of lime peel, green plum and gooseberry are hit with hints of grass and fresh herbs. The lightweight, sprightly palate boasts a fresh lemon-lime flavor and refreshing acidity that results in an extremely mouthwatering finish. Drink now. END
START HERE This wine from Southern Moldova is aged six months in oak barrels, which give it a creamy texture. There are aromas of apple and orange flowers, and flavors of lemon pith and Granny Smith apple juice.', 'Tight, nervy aromas of lime peel, green plum and gooseberry are hit with hints of grass and fresh herbs. The lightweight, sprightly palate boasts a fresh lemon-lime flavor and refreshing acidity that results in an extremely mouthwatering finish. Drink now.', 'This is a very fragrant and floral rosé, reminiscent of peach gummy candies, orange blossom and orange-ginger tea. The palate is surprisingly lush, with round ripe-fruit flavors that are just barely lifted on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Tight, nervy aromas of lime peel, green plum and gooseberry are hit with hints of grass and fresh herbs. The lightweight, sprightly palate boasts a fresh lemon-lime flavor and refreshing acidity that results in an extremely mouthwatering finish. Drink now.', 'This is a very fragrant and floral rosé, reminiscent of peach gummy candies, orange blossom and orange-ginger tea. The palate is surprisingly lush, with round ripe-fruit flavors that are just barely lifted on the finish. Drink now.', 'Gaseous and rubbery, with leafy compost aromas. Flat, chunky and murky in the mouth, with soft, muddled fruit flavors and a finish of syrup and leftover sweetness. Comes up short on character, quality and clarity. END
START HERE This is a very fragrant and floral rosé, reminiscent of peach gummy candies, orange blossom and orange-ginger tea. The palate is surprisingly lush, with round ripe-fruit flavors that are just barely lifted on the finish. Drink now.', 'Gaseous and rubbery, with leafy compost aromas. Flat, chunky and murky in the mouth, with soft, muddled fruit flavors and a finish of syrup and leftover sweetness. Comes up short on character, quality and clarity.', 'Floral blackberry aromas are concentrated. The saturated palate is somewhat narrow in breadth, while boysenberry and minty oak flavors rank as dark. A wiry but juicy finish is lasting and offers a note of chocolaty oak. END
START HERE Gaseous and rubbery, with leafy compost aromas. Flat, chunky and murky in the mouth, with soft, muddled fruit flavors and a finish of syrup and leftover sweetness. Comes up short on character, quality and clarity.', 'Floral blackberry aromas are concentrated. The saturated palate is somewhat narrow in breadth, while boysenberry and minty oak flavors rank as dark. A wiry but juicy finish is lasting and offers a note of chocolaty oak.', "This is a structured wine that shows both solid tannins and juicy red-fruit acidity. It's a rich but balanced wine with a ripe aftertaste. Drink from 2015. END
START HERE Floral blackberry aromas are concentrated. The saturated palate is somewhat narrow in breadth, while boysenberry and minty oak flavors rank as dark. A wiry but juicy finish is lasting and offers a note of chocolaty oak.', "This is a structured wine that shows both solid tannins and juicy red-fruit acidity. It's a rich but balanced wine with a ripe aftertaste. Drink from 2015.", 'A savory, peppery nose with a touch of jammy spice leads this classy Cabernet, and on the palate, robust, earthy flavors endure. Ageable and full of muscle, this is a big wine with expressive fruit flavors. Pair with strong cheeses, grilled meats. END
START HERE This is a structured wine that shows both solid tannins and juicy red-fruit acidity. It's a rich but balanced wine with a ripe aftertaste. Drink from 2015.", 'A savory, peppery nose with a touch of jammy spice leads this classy Cabernet, and on the palate, robust, earthy flavors endure. Ageable and full of muscle, this is a big wine with expressive fruit flavors. Pair with strong cheeses, grilled meats.', 'A smooth wine for the price where all the dots connect. The nose has black cherry and raisin, while the palate is lush, deep and concentrated, with rewarding flavors of cherry, cassis and roasted plum. Lasting on the finish, with a licorice flavor. Very good wine for the money; Monastrell/Syrah/Tempranillo is the blend. END
START HERE A savory, peppery nose with a touch of jammy spice leads this classy Cabernet, and on the palate, robust, earthy flavors endure. Ageable and full of muscle, this is a big wine with expressive fruit flavors. Pair with strong cheeses, grilled meats.', 'A smooth wine for the price where all the dots connect. The nose has black cherry and raisin, while the palate is lush, deep and concentrated, with rewarding flavors of cherry, cassis and roasted plum. Lasting on the finish, with a licorice flavor. Very good wine for the money; Monastrell/Syrah/Tempranillo is the blend.', 'Earthy, peppery aromas and broad but muffled fruit flavors give this wine a rustic feel. It is full bodied and mouthfilling. END
START HERE A smooth wine for the price where all the dots connect. The nose has black cherry and raisin, while the palate is lush, deep and concentrated, with rewarding flavors of cherry, cassis and roasted plum. Lasting on the finish, with a licorice flavor. Very good wine for the money; Monastrell/Syrah/Tempranillo is the blend.', 'Earthy, peppery aromas and broad but muffled fruit flavors give this wine a rustic feel. It is full bodied and mouthfilling.', "Light floral and honeysuckle aromas are very pretty and compelling, as is the wine's citrus-laden palate. What an introduction to the variety—it's a good value, it's correct, and it's dry. Worth keeping a few bottles around the house. END
START HERE Earthy, peppery aromas and broad but muffled fruit flavors give this wine a rustic feel. It is full bodied and mouthfilling.', "Light floral and honeysuckle aromas are very pretty and compelling, as is the wine's citrus-laden palate. What an introduction to the variety—it's a good value, it's correct, and it's dry. Worth keeping a few bottles around the house.", "Lightly herbal and light in body, with earthy aromas that include leather, tea and dried fruits. This is medium-bodied in style, with elegance. Problem is, there isn't much substance to it and compared to Chile's better Cabs, it pales in flavor and generosity. Also, the finish is kind of scratchy and thin. END
START HERE Light floral and honeysuckle aromas are very pretty and compelling, as is the wine's citrus-laden palate. What an introduction to the variety—it's a good value, it's correct, and it's dry. Worth keeping a few bottles around the house.", "Lightly herbal and light in body, with earthy aromas that include leather, tea and dried fruits. This is medium-bodied in style, with elegance. Problem is, there isn't much substance to it and compared to Chile's better Cabs, it pales in flavor and generosity. Also, the finish is kind of scratchy and thin.", "Very good price for a Cab of this quality. It's dry and full-bodied, with ripe, attractive flavors of blackberry jam, cherries, minty chocolate and smoky oak. END
START HERE Lightly herbal and light in body, with earthy aromas that include leather, tea and dried fruits. This is medium-bodied in style, with elegance. Problem is, there isn't much substance to it and compared to Chile's better Cabs, it pales in flavor and generosity. Also, the finish is kind of scratchy and thin.", "Very good price for a Cab of this quality. It's dry and full-bodied, with ripe, attractive flavors of blackberry jam, cherries, minty chocolate and smoky oak.", 'Fresh raspberry and plum aromas lead to a crisp, zesty palate, with a touch of oaky weight. Red plum, pie cherry and raspberry flavors are not overly defined but they are clean and moderately elegant. END
START HERE Very good price for a Cab of this quality. It's dry and full-bodied, with ripe, attractive flavors of blackberry jam, cherries, minty chocolate and smoky oak.", 'Fresh raspberry and plum aromas lead to a crisp, zesty palate, with a touch of oaky weight. Red plum, pie cherry and raspberry flavors are not overly defined but they are clean and moderately elegant.', 'This rich and integrated wine is full of ripe berry fruit and firm tannins. It is a full, concentrated wine, densely textured and structured. There is a good sense of juiciness behind the youthful, firm surface. Give this fine, great-value wine at least four years. END
START HERE Fresh raspberry and plum aromas lead to a crisp, zesty palate, with a touch of oaky weight. Red plum, pie cherry and raspberry flavors are not overly defined but they are clean and moderately elegant.', 'This rich and integrated wine is full of ripe berry fruit and firm tannins. It is a full, concentrated wine, densely textured and structured. There is a good sense of juiciness behind the youthful, firm surface. Give this fine, great-value wine at least four years.', 'A garnet color with a violet rim, this has aromas of black cherry, pomegranate juice and a touch of vanilla, followed by flavors of tart cherry, blackberry and black licorice. The finish boasts pleasant acidity coupled with a bright fruit finish. END
START HERE This rich and integrated wine is full of ripe berry fruit and firm tannins. It is a full, concentrated wine, densely textured and structured. There is a good sense of juiciness behind the youthful, firm surface. Give this fine, great-value wine at least four years.', 'A garnet color with a violet rim, this has aromas of black cherry, pomegranate juice and a touch of vanilla, followed by flavors of tart cherry, blackberry and black licorice. The finish boasts pleasant acidity coupled with a bright fruit finish.', 'This offers dry, straightforward herb and plum flavors, moderate tannins and medium body. A sturdy wine, it should be versatile with food. END
START HERE A garnet color with a violet rim, this has aromas of black cherry, pomegranate juice and a touch of vanilla, followed by flavors of tart cherry, blackberry and black licorice. The finish boasts pleasant acidity coupled with a bright fruit finish.', 'This offers dry, straightforward herb and plum flavors, moderate tannins and medium body. A sturdy wine, it should be versatile with food.', 'This is a common wine, thin and sweet in blackberry and cherry jam flavors, with tannins that make your tongue stick to the gums. END
START HERE This offers dry, straightforward herb and plum flavors, moderate tannins and medium body. A sturdy wine, it should be versatile with food.', 'This is a common wine, thin and sweet in blackberry and cherry jam flavors, with tannins that make your tongue stick to the gums.', "A good deal for a dry rosé that's almost red like a light Pinot Noir. Very low in alcohol at 12.5%, it's light throughout with layers of peach and grenadine. END
START HERE This is a common wine, thin and sweet in blackberry and cherry jam flavors, with tannins that make your tongue stick to the gums.', "A good deal for a dry rosé that's almost red like a light Pinot Noir. Very low in alcohol at 12.5%, it's light throughout with layers of peach and grenadine.", "Clean and fresh, this juicy wine carries a bit of fruit sweetness, but the flavors are tilted toward minerality rather than fruitiness. It's wonderfully refreshing, with a mix of citrus rind, melon and white peach working into an extended, palate-cleansing finish. END
START HERE A good deal for a dry rosé that's almost red like a light Pinot Noir. Very low in alcohol at 12.5%, it's light throughout with layers of peach and grenadine.", "Clean and fresh, this juicy wine carries a bit of fruit sweetness, but the flavors are tilted toward minerality rather than fruitiness. It's wonderfully refreshing, with a mix of citrus rind, melon and white peach working into an extended, palate-cleansing finish.", "The nose is true to the variety: there's grapefruit and lime aromas along with grassy notes. The palate is solid, maybe a bit plump and vapid, with lemon, lime and other citrus flavors. A bell pepper and jalapeño sharpness comes up on the finish. END
START HERE Clean and fresh, this juicy wine carries a bit of fruit sweetness, but the flavors are tilted toward minerality rather than fruitiness. It's wonderfully refreshing, with a mix of citrus rind, melon and white peach working into an extended, palate-cleansing finish.", "The nose is true to the variety: there's grapefruit and lime aromas along with grassy notes. The palate is solid, maybe a bit plump and vapid, with lemon, lime and other citrus flavors. A bell pepper and jalapeño sharpness comes up on the finish.", "Gritty citrus aromas are oily but adequate. This basic SB tastes of citrus and green vegetables. Beyond that, it's mostly fresh in feel. END
START HERE The nose is true to the variety: there's grapefruit and lime aromas along with grassy notes. The palate is solid, maybe a bit plump and vapid, with lemon, lime and other citrus flavors. A bell pepper and jalapeño sharpness comes up on the finish.", "Gritty citrus aromas are oily but adequate. This basic SB tastes of citrus and green vegetables. Beyond that, it's mostly fresh in feel.", 'Simple but friendly aromas of green fruits and spring vegetables set up a lemony feeling palate, with flavors of lime, green apple and herbs. This shows pyrazines on a juicy finish, but not so much that the wine comes across green, vegetal or bitter. END
START HERE Gritty citrus aromas are oily but adequate. This basic SB tastes of citrus and green vegetables. Beyond that, it's mostly fresh in feel.", 'Simple but friendly aromas of green fruits and spring vegetables set up a lemony feeling palate, with flavors of lime, green apple and herbs. This shows pyrazines on a juicy finish, but not so much that the wine comes across green, vegetal or bitter.', 'Smooth and fruity, soft and rich, this medium-bodied wine will be easy to enjoy at a casual meal or big party. The aromas are like black cherries, the flavors like candied cherries and the texture relaxed. END
START HERE Simple but friendly aromas of green fruits and spring vegetables set up a lemony feeling palate, with flavors of lime, green apple and herbs. This shows pyrazines on a juicy finish, but not so much that the wine comes across green, vegetal or bitter.', 'Smooth and fruity, soft and rich, this medium-bodied wine will be easy to enjoy at a casual meal or big party. The aromas are like black cherries, the flavors like candied cherries and the texture relaxed.', "This medium-bodied red wine doesn't quite track the classic Pinot Noir profile, but will make an appetizing refreshment for lunch or dinner. The aromas and flavors suggest prune and berries, while the texture is lean but palate-cleansing. END
START HERE Smooth and fruity, soft and rich, this medium-bodied wine will be easy to enjoy at a casual meal or big party. The aromas are like black cherries, the flavors like candied cherries and the texture relaxed.', "This medium-bodied red wine doesn't quite track the classic Pinot Noir profile, but will make an appetizing refreshment for lunch or dinner. The aromas and flavors suggest prune and berries, while the texture is lean but palate-cleansing.", 'The aromas are bright, with notes of guava, pineapple and citrus. The palate is lightly spritzy with plenty of grapefruit flavors that keep the interest high. END
START HERE This medium-bodied red wine doesn't quite track the classic Pinot Noir profile, but will make an appetizing refreshment for lunch or dinner. The aromas and flavors suggest prune and berries, while the texture is lean but palate-cleansing.", 'The aromas are bright, with notes of guava, pineapple and citrus. The palate is lightly spritzy with plenty of grapefruit flavors that keep the interest high.', 'After a slightly murky start the nose settles on basic apple and sweet oak. The palate is full, with citrusy acidity and chunky flavors of melon and orange. Maintains focus on the finish, with lychee and lime flavors pushing it towards tropical. Drink now. END
START HERE The aromas are bright, with notes of guava, pineapple and citrus. The palate is lightly spritzy with plenty of grapefruit flavors that keep the interest high.', 'After a slightly murky start the nose settles on basic apple and sweet oak. The palate is full, with citrusy acidity and chunky flavors of melon and orange. Maintains focus on the finish, with lychee and lime flavors pushing it towards tropical. Drink now.', "Snappy aromas of spring peas and fresh herbs come with punchy citrus scents. This is a full-volume, summertime wine that's in good shape. Loud citrus flavors, particularly grapefruit, turn chunky before falling off on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE After a slightly murky start the nose settles on basic apple and sweet oak. The palate is full, with citrusy acidity and chunky flavors of melon and orange. Maintains focus on the finish, with lychee and lime flavors pushing it towards tropical. Drink now.', "Snappy aromas of spring peas and fresh herbs come with punchy citrus scents. This is a full-volume, summertime wine that's in good shape. Loud citrus flavors, particularly grapefruit, turn chunky before falling off on the finish. Drink now.", 'Sweet buttered toast, buttered popcorn and fruit-cocktail flavors are what you get in this Chardonnay. It has a brisk hit of acidity, but remains simple. END
START HERE Snappy aromas of spring peas and fresh herbs come with punchy citrus scents. This is a full-volume, summertime wine that's in good shape. Loud citrus flavors, particularly grapefruit, turn chunky before falling off on the finish. Drink now.", 'Sweet buttered toast, buttered popcorn and fruit-cocktail flavors are what you get in this Chardonnay. It has a brisk hit of acidity, but remains simple.', 'A sweet and fizzy wine, this is also tight with acidity and textured with tannins. It has a mineral edge along with the intense crispness that is really too much. END
START HERE Sweet buttered toast, buttered popcorn and fruit-cocktail flavors are what you get in this Chardonnay. It has a brisk hit of acidity, but remains simple.', 'A sweet and fizzy wine, this is also tight with acidity and textured with tannins. It has a mineral edge along with the intense crispness that is really too much.', "This wine's dark cherry aromas veer into lipstick territory a bit and then the North Coast-sourced Merlot becomes overly tannic and a tiny bit green. Decent for the $10 price tag but not going to convert anyone into Merlot (this one's got 22% Cabernet Sauvignon blended in as well). END
START HERE A sweet and fizzy wine, this is also tight with acidity and textured with tannins. It has a mineral edge along with the intense crispness that is really too much.', "This wine's dark cherry aromas veer into lipstick territory a bit and then the North Coast-sourced Merlot becomes overly tannic and a tiny bit green. Decent for the $10 price tag but not going to convert anyone into Merlot (this one's got 22% Cabernet Sauvignon blended in as well).", "Cherry and oak notes are pleasant on this dry and softly tannic wine, but it's watery in style and lacking in concentration. END
START HERE This wine's dark cherry aromas veer into lipstick territory a bit and then the North Coast-sourced Merlot becomes overly tannic and a tiny bit green. Decent for the $10 price tag but not going to convert anyone into Merlot (this one's got 22% Cabernet Sauvignon blended in as well).", "Cherry and oak notes are pleasant on this dry and softly tannic wine, but it's watery in style and lacking in concentration.", "A fruity blend of Tannat, Syrah and Cabernet Franc that has berry fruits, a stalky texture and touches of wood spice. It's an easy, juicy wine, made fresh and ripe to be drunk now. END
START HERE Cherry and oak notes are pleasant on this dry and softly tannic wine, but it's watery in style and lacking in concentration.", "A fruity blend of Tannat, Syrah and Cabernet Franc that has berry fruits, a stalky texture and touches of wood spice. It's an easy, juicy wine, made fresh and ripe to be drunk now.", "Pretty good, sturdy and clean. The nose shows good white fruits and minerally notes, with a bit of toast. In the mouth, it's healthy and sweet, with tropical flavors of melon and papaya along with creamy pear. Finishes sweet, with some vanilla. END
START HERE A fruity blend of Tannat, Syrah and Cabernet Franc that has berry fruits, a stalky texture and touches of wood spice. It's an easy, juicy wine, made fresh and ripe to be drunk now.", "Pretty good, sturdy and clean. The nose shows good white fruits and minerally notes, with a bit of toast. In the mouth, it's healthy and sweet, with tropical flavors of melon and papaya along with creamy pear. Finishes sweet, with some vanilla.", "Green and herbal, with a mix of jammy raspberry and weediness to the nose. The palate feels heavy and grabby, while the flavor profile holds onto the bouquet's herbal, tomatoey quality. Overly peppery and green throughout. END
START HERE Pretty good, sturdy and clean. The nose shows good white fruits and minerally notes, with a bit of toast. In the mouth, it's healthy and sweet, with tropical flavors of melon and papaya along with creamy pear. Finishes sweet, with some vanilla.", "Green and herbal, with a mix of jammy raspberry and weediness to the nose. The palate feels heavy and grabby, while the flavor profile holds onto the bouquet's herbal, tomatoey quality. Overly peppery and green throughout.", 'Herbal aromas, a chunky palate and herbal cherry and plum flavors finish earthy and with a raisiny element. This is sort of amorphous and mealy on the palate. END
START HERE Green and herbal, with a mix of jammy raspberry and weediness to the nose. The palate feels heavy and grabby, while the flavor profile holds onto the bouquet's herbal, tomatoey quality. Overly peppery and green throughout.", 'Herbal aromas, a chunky palate and herbal cherry and plum flavors finish earthy and with a raisiny element. This is sort of amorphous and mealy on the palate.', 'Bright, lightly-smoked red currant and berry fruits dominate this juicy, fresh wine. A plum-skin texture leads on to some firm tannins. The aftertaste is fruity and light. END
START HERE Herbal aromas, a chunky palate and herbal cherry and plum flavors finish earthy and with a raisiny element. This is sort of amorphous and mealy on the palate.', 'Bright, lightly-smoked red currant and berry fruits dominate this juicy, fresh wine. A plum-skin texture leads on to some firm tannins. The aftertaste is fruity and light.', 'Made with 85% Sangiovese, 5% Ciliegiolo, 5% Merlot and 5% Alicante, this informal red has aromas suggesting prune and scorched earth. The aromas carry over to the simple palate along with a resin note. Drink soon. END
START HERE Bright, lightly-smoked red currant and berry fruits dominate this juicy, fresh wine. A plum-skin texture leads on to some firm tannins. The aftertaste is fruity and light.', 'Made with 85% Sangiovese, 5% Ciliegiolo, 5% Merlot and 5% Alicante, this informal red has aromas suggesting prune and scorched earth. The aromas carry over to the simple palate along with a resin note. Drink soon.', 'This smells pretty good: cherry and plum aromas with mild oak are solid. The palate, however, is hard and has a plastic-like feel. Flavors of plum and berry finish bitter like espresso. END
START HERE Made with 85% Sangiovese, 5% Ciliegiolo, 5% Merlot and 5% Alicante, this informal red has aromas suggesting prune and scorched earth. The aromas carry over to the simple palate along with a resin note. Drink soon.', 'This smells pretty good: cherry and plum aromas with mild oak are solid. The palate, however, is hard and has a plastic-like feel. Flavors of plum and berry finish bitter like espresso.', 'For an amazing price you get a dry, silky and elegant Pinot, with deeply satisfying flavors of raspberry, red currant and pomegranate. Thankfully, this should be easy to find, with nearly 17,000 cases produced. END
START HERE This smells pretty good: cherry and plum aromas with mild oak are solid. The palate, however, is hard and has a plastic-like feel. Flavors of plum and berry finish bitter like espresso.', 'For an amazing price you get a dry, silky and elegant Pinot, with deeply satisfying flavors of raspberry, red currant and pomegranate. Thankfully, this should be easy to find, with nearly 17,000 cases produced.', 'Basic apple, melon and bready aromas are fine but not distinct or complex. Ditto the palate, which feels balanced but highly basic. Simple papaya and melon flavors finish flat. END
START HERE For an amazing price you get a dry, silky and elegant Pinot, with deeply satisfying flavors of raspberry, red currant and pomegranate. Thankfully, this should be easy to find, with nearly 17,000 cases produced.', 'Basic apple, melon and bready aromas are fine but not distinct or complex. Ditto the palate, which feels balanced but highly basic. Simple papaya and melon flavors finish flat.', 'Much better than prior vintages, when it was known as Finca El Portillo. The nose is jammy and shows black fruit aromas, while the palate is complete and full but juicy, with plum and black cherry flavors. Pepper and toast flavors infiltrate the finish. END
START HERE Basic apple, melon and bready aromas are fine but not distinct or complex. Ditto the palate, which feels balanced but highly basic. Simple papaya and melon flavors finish flat.', 'Much better than prior vintages, when it was known as Finca El Portillo. The nose is jammy and shows black fruit aromas, while the palate is complete and full but juicy, with plum and black cherry flavors. Pepper and toast flavors infiltrate the finish.', 'Overtly sugary, basically a dessert wine, with raspberry, vanilla and spice flavors. END
START HERE Much better than prior vintages, when it was known as Finca El Portillo. The nose is jammy and shows black fruit aromas, while the palate is complete and full but juicy, with plum and black cherry flavors. Pepper and toast flavors infiltrate the finish.', 'Overtly sugary, basically a dessert wine, with raspberry, vanilla and spice flavors.', "Tommasi's easy-going Romeo is a well-priced Italian red with fresh aromas of wild berries, blue flowers and slight shadings of sweet spice. Complete with a screw-cap closure, the wine would work well at picnics and informal lunches. END
START HERE Overtly sugary, basically a dessert wine, with raspberry, vanilla and spice flavors.', "Tommasi's easy-going Romeo is a well-priced Italian red with fresh aromas of wild berries, blue flowers and slight shadings of sweet spice. Complete with a screw-cap closure, the wine would work well at picnics and informal lunches.", 'The wine is fresh but developing well. It has spice, a richly fruity character and nice perfumed acidity at the end. With its juicy aftertaste it will be a fine wine to drink starting from 2017. END
START HERE Tommasi's easy-going Romeo is a well-priced Italian red with fresh aromas of wild berries, blue flowers and slight shadings of sweet spice. Complete with a screw-cap closure, the wine would work well at picnics and informal lunches.", 'The wine is fresh but developing well. It has spice, a richly fruity character and nice perfumed acidity at the end. With its juicy aftertaste it will be a fine wine to drink starting from 2017.', 'Produced from Touriga Nacional, this fresh wine keeps the acidity of the grape while losing any tough tannins. The result is an attractive, crisp wine, with final strawberry flavors. END
START HERE The wine is fresh but developing well. It has spice, a richly fruity character and nice perfumed acidity at the end. With its juicy aftertaste it will be a fine wine to drink starting from 2017.', 'Produced from Touriga Nacional, this fresh wine keeps the acidity of the grape while losing any tough tannins. The result is an attractive, crisp wine, with final strawberry flavors.', 'Soft and simple, with sweet, easy cherry and strawberry jam flavors and a silky texture. END
START HERE Produced from Touriga Nacional, this fresh wine keeps the acidity of the grape while losing any tough tannins. The result is an attractive, crisp wine, with final strawberry flavors.', 'Soft and simple, with sweet, easy cherry and strawberry jam flavors and a silky texture.', "Complex fruit, herb and subtle oak aromas lead to an appetizingly dry feel and mellow, woodsy, autumnal flavors. It's medium bodied, smooth-textured and just savory enough to complement the tasty fruit flavors. END
START HERE Soft and simple, with sweet, easy cherry and strawberry jam flavors and a silky texture.', "Complex fruit, herb and subtle oak aromas lead to an appetizingly dry feel and mellow, woodsy, autumnal flavors. It's medium bodied, smooth-textured and just savory enough to complement the tasty fruit flavors.", 'This unoaked Sauvignon Blanc is really powerful in feline characteristics. Too powerful. Unless you like that peculiar smell and taste, it will turn you off. END
START HERE Complex fruit, herb and subtle oak aromas lead to an appetizingly dry feel and mellow, woodsy, autumnal flavors. It's medium bodied, smooth-textured and just savory enough to complement the tasty fruit flavors.", 'This unoaked Sauvignon Blanc is really powerful in feline characteristics. Too powerful. Unless you like that peculiar smell and taste, it will turn you off.', "Plum and berry aromas are mild and a bit metallic. A drawing, grapy mouthfeel and generic but solid flavors of blackberry and blueberry finish with a touch of oak. This doesn't have a ton of character, but it's balanced and tasty. END
START HERE This unoaked Sauvignon Blanc is really powerful in feline characteristics. Too powerful. Unless you like that peculiar smell and taste, it will turn you off.', "Plum and berry aromas are mild and a bit metallic. A drawing, grapy mouthfeel and generic but solid flavors of blackberry and blueberry finish with a touch of oak. This doesn't have a ton of character, but it's balanced and tasty.", "This is dark as night, with boysenberry, blackberry, animal fur and smooth oak aromas. For $10, it's bringing all sorts of power and quality, like oak-influenced flavors of vanilla, chocolate, blackberry and cassis. On the finish, this is full and smacks down with tannic grab. END
START HERE Plum and berry aromas are mild and a bit metallic. A drawing, grapy mouthfeel and generic but solid flavors of blackberry and blueberry finish with a touch of oak. This doesn't have a ton of character, but it's balanced and tasty.", "This is dark as night, with boysenberry, blackberry, animal fur and smooth oak aromas. For $10, it's bringing all sorts of power and quality, like oak-influenced flavors of vanilla, chocolate, blackberry and cassis. On the finish, this is full and smacks down with tannic grab.", "Abundant and ripe cherry aromas combine with rich plum flavors and a soft, easy texture in this medium-bodied wine. It's all about sweet fruit and softness. END
START HERE This is dark as night, with boysenberry, blackberry, animal fur and smooth oak aromas. For $10, it's bringing all sorts of power and quality, like oak-influenced flavors of vanilla, chocolate, blackberry and cassis. On the finish, this is full and smacks down with tannic grab.", "Abundant and ripe cherry aromas combine with rich plum flavors and a soft, easy texture in this medium-bodied wine. It's all about sweet fruit and softness.", 'Shows good Chardonnay character in the rich texture and upfront flavors of pineapples, peaches and cream. This is a pretty decent price for the quality. END
START HERE Abundant and ripe cherry aromas combine with rich plum flavors and a soft, easy texture in this medium-bodied wine. It's all about sweet fruit and softness.", 'Shows good Chardonnay character in the rich texture and upfront flavors of pineapples, peaches and cream. This is a pretty decent price for the quality.', 'This wine has herbal, floral aromas and a candied lemon flavor. Medium-bodied, it is fruitier and seemingly sweeter than many of its peers. END
START HERE Shows good Chardonnay character in the rich texture and upfront flavors of pineapples, peaches and cream. This is a pretty decent price for the quality.', 'This wine has herbal, floral aromas and a candied lemon flavor. Medium-bodied, it is fruitier and seemingly sweeter than many of its peers.', 'This is a soft wine, fruity without great definition. A ripe, red fruit character contrasts with a bitter acidity. It is ready to drink. The blend is 50/50 Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
START HERE This wine has herbal, floral aromas and a candied lemon flavor. Medium-bodied, it is fruitier and seemingly sweeter than many of its peers.', 'This is a soft wine, fruity without great definition. A ripe, red fruit character contrasts with a bitter acidity. It is ready to drink. The blend is 50/50 Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon.', 'This lightly aromatic wine offers notes of herbs and kiwi. The flavors and acid seem dilute. END
START HERE This is a soft wine, fruity without great definition. A ripe, red fruit character contrasts with a bitter acidity. It is ready to drink. The blend is 50/50 Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon.', 'This lightly aromatic wine offers notes of herbs and kiwi. The flavors and acid seem dilute.', 'Zesty lime and lemon notes lend a high-toned vitality to this dainty, off-dry Riesling. Tart yellow peach and tangerine flavors are thirst-quenching and crisp, finishing brisk and bright. Drink young. END
START HERE This lightly aromatic wine offers notes of herbs and kiwi. The flavors and acid seem dilute.', 'Zesty lime and lemon notes lend a high-toned vitality to this dainty, off-dry Riesling. Tart yellow peach and tangerine flavors are thirst-quenching and crisp, finishing brisk and bright. Drink young.', 'This is a fruit-forward wine, with aromas of red and black currant and herbs with a spice top note. The flavors are sweet and tangy, going down easy. END
START HERE Zesty lime and lemon notes lend a high-toned vitality to this dainty, off-dry Riesling. Tart yellow peach and tangerine flavors are thirst-quenching and crisp, finishing brisk and bright. Drink young.', 'This is a fruit-forward wine, with aromas of red and black currant and herbs with a spice top note. The flavors are sweet and tangy, going down easy.', "For a huge-volume wine, it's what we'd expect. Controlled oak results in aromas of coffee, vanilla, marshmallow and resin in addition to cassis and cherry, while the palate offers generic fruit flavors as well as vanilla and herbal notes. A bit puckery and scratchy, but keep in mind that annual production tops 1.3 million cases. END
START HERE This is a fruit-forward wine, with aromas of red and black currant and herbs with a spice top note. The flavors are sweet and tangy, going down easy.', "For a huge-volume wine, it's what we'd expect. Controlled oak results in aromas of coffee, vanilla, marshmallow and resin in addition to cassis and cherry, while the palate offers generic fruit flavors as well as vanilla and herbal notes. A bit puckery and scratchy, but keep in mind that annual production tops 1.3 million cases.", 'Lightweight and possessed of brisk acidity, this tart and snappy style might work well with fresh shellfish. Simple sour-apple flavors scour the palate. END
START HERE For a huge-volume wine, it's what we'd expect. Controlled oak results in aromas of coffee, vanilla, marshmallow and resin in addition to cassis and cherry, while the palate offers generic fruit flavors as well as vanilla and herbal notes. A bit puckery and scratchy, but keep in mind that annual production tops 1.3 million cases.", 'Lightweight and possessed of brisk acidity, this tart and snappy style might work well with fresh shellfish. Simple sour-apple flavors scour the palate.', 'Light aromas of tropical fruits and white flowers are basic and open. An average feeling palate carries sweet flavors of tropical fruits like pineapple and mango accented by vanilla. Throw in a sprinkle of powdered sugar and you get the picture. END
START HERE Lightweight and possessed of brisk acidity, this tart and snappy style might work well with fresh shellfish. Simple sour-apple flavors scour the palate.', 'Light aromas of tropical fruits and white flowers are basic and open. An average feeling palate carries sweet flavors of tropical fruits like pineapple and mango accented by vanilla. Throw in a sprinkle of powdered sugar and you get the picture.', 'Sweet in sugary pineapple and lime flavors, with the caramel and buttered toast of oak, this is a simple Chardonnay made in the popular style. END
START HERE Light aromas of tropical fruits and white flowers are basic and open. An average feeling palate carries sweet flavors of tropical fruits like pineapple and mango accented by vanilla. Throw in a sprinkle of powdered sugar and you get the picture.', 'Sweet in sugary pineapple and lime flavors, with the caramel and buttered toast of oak, this is a simple Chardonnay made in the popular style.', 'Fresh-pressed boysenberries give zest to dusty aromas of tobacco and strong shoe leather on the nose of this bottling. Tobacco shows powerfully on the palate, as do dill, marjoram and black pepper. Dark fruit, from blackcurrant to elderberry, provides the base. END
START HERE Sweet in sugary pineapple and lime flavors, with the caramel and buttered toast of oak, this is a simple Chardonnay made in the popular style.', 'Fresh-pressed boysenberries give zest to dusty aromas of tobacco and strong shoe leather on the nose of this bottling. Tobacco shows powerfully on the palate, as do dill, marjoram and black pepper. Dark fruit, from blackcurrant to elderberry, provides the base.', "This has a strong start with aromas of black fruits and licorice. It's rather light in color, with fruit flavors of ripe raspberry and a little funk in the finish. END
START HERE Fresh-pressed boysenberries give zest to dusty aromas of tobacco and strong shoe leather on the nose of this bottling. Tobacco shows powerfully on the palate, as do dill, marjoram and black pepper. Dark fruit, from blackcurrant to elderberry, provides the base.', "This has a strong start with aromas of black fruits and licorice. It's rather light in color, with fruit flavors of ripe raspberry and a little funk in the finish.", 'Dense berry aromas are a bit flat and medicinal. Expect a juicy, direct palate with hard plum and berry flavors that are also a touch briny/salty. A full finish loses its fruit fast, leaving ringing acidity and a lasting briny flavor. END
START HERE This has a strong start with aromas of black fruits and licorice. It's rather light in color, with fruit flavors of ripe raspberry and a little funk in the finish.", 'Dense berry aromas are a bit flat and medicinal. Expect a juicy, direct palate with hard plum and berry flavors that are also a touch briny/salty. A full finish loses its fruit fast, leaving ringing acidity and a lasting briny flavor.', 'Wayward and slightly weedy on the nose, with candied fruit notes that help it along. The palate is more acidic and rhubarby than ideal, although the tartness is offset by a creamy flavor of carob bean. Short and hot on the finish; acceptable but not well executed. END
START HERE Dense berry aromas are a bit flat and medicinal. Expect a juicy, direct palate with hard plum and berry flavors that are also a touch briny/salty. A full finish loses its fruit fast, leaving ringing acidity and a lasting briny flavor.', 'Wayward and slightly weedy on the nose, with candied fruit notes that help it along. The palate is more acidic and rhubarby than ideal, although the tartness is offset by a creamy flavor of carob bean. Short and hot on the finish; acceptable but not well executed.', "A bit heavy and soft, although it's nicely dry, with good tannins. The cherry flavors are mixed with herbs, with a touch of smoky oak. END
START HERE Wayward and slightly weedy on the nose, with candied fruit notes that help it along. The palate is more acidic and rhubarby than ideal, although the tartness is offset by a creamy flavor of carob bean. Short and hot on the finish; acceptable but not well executed.', "A bit heavy and soft, although it's nicely dry, with good tannins. The cherry flavors are mixed with herbs, with a touch of smoky oak.", 'This is a gentle and easy-going Chardonnay. It is soft, lightly buttery and conveys apricot and ripe pear flavors. The aftertaste just touches on acidity. END
START HERE A bit heavy and soft, although it's nicely dry, with good tannins. The cherry flavors are mixed with herbs, with a touch of smoky oak.", 'This is a gentle and easy-going Chardonnay. It is soft, lightly buttery and conveys apricot and ripe pear flavors. The aftertaste just touches on acidity.', "The flavors of this medium-bodied wine are hearty, with bell pepper, black pepper and green olive notes, and in this vein it's tasty and fairly concentrated. The balance is good, the palate sensation is nicely dry and the finish lingers a bit. END
START HERE This is a gentle and easy-going Chardonnay. It is soft, lightly buttery and conveys apricot and ripe pear flavors. The aftertaste just touches on acidity.', "The flavors of this medium-bodied wine are hearty, with bell pepper, black pepper and green olive notes, and in this vein it's tasty and fairly concentrated. The balance is good, the palate sensation is nicely dry and the finish lingers a bit.", "Made mostly from Mendocino County fruit, this is a really good value in a Cabernet. It's dry, tart and grippy in tannins, and savory in blackberry, blueberry, espresso and cedar flavors. END
START HERE The flavors of this medium-bodied wine are hearty, with bell pepper, black pepper and green olive notes, and in this vein it's tasty and fairly concentrated. The balance is good, the palate sensation is nicely dry and the finish lingers a bit.", "Made mostly from Mendocino County fruit, this is a really good value in a Cabernet. It's dry, tart and grippy in tannins, and savory in blackberry, blueberry, espresso and cedar flavors.", "Earthy, herbal aromas veer into cardboard, and a distinct waft of raw green peppercorn. The grapes didn't fully ripen. But the wine is dry, tart and clean and there's a certain food friendliness. Try it with stews or barbecue and you might discover hidden charms. —S.H. END
START HERE Made mostly from Mendocino County fruit, this is a really good value in a Cabernet. It's dry, tart and grippy in tannins, and savory in blackberry, blueberry, espresso and cedar flavors.", "Earthy, herbal aromas veer into cardboard, and a distinct waft of raw green peppercorn. The grapes didn't fully ripen. But the wine is dry, tart and clean and there's a certain food friendliness. Try it with stews or barbecue and you might discover hidden charms. —S.H.", 'Capitalizing on the fashion for Malbec, this wine is closer to Argentina than Cahors. It has soft tannins and a ripe and juicy flavor of red-berry fruits. Acidity and a soft aftertaste reinforce this New World feel. END
START HERE Earthy, herbal aromas veer into cardboard, and a distinct waft of raw green peppercorn. The grapes didn't fully ripen. But the wine is dry, tart and clean and there's a certain food friendliness. Try it with stews or barbecue and you might discover hidden charms. —S.H.", 'Capitalizing on the fashion for Malbec, this wine is closer to Argentina than Cahors. It has soft tannins and a ripe and juicy flavor of red-berry fruits. Acidity and a soft aftertaste reinforce this New World feel.', "This is a whole different critter than the winery's quaffable '99. It is tart and resiny, with a strong scent of licorice. The rustic flavors are earthy and rough, with a bitter, alcoholic finish. END
START HERE Capitalizing on the fashion for Malbec, this wine is closer to Argentina than Cahors. It has soft tannins and a ripe and juicy flavor of red-berry fruits. Acidity and a soft aftertaste reinforce this New World feel.', "This is a whole different critter than the winery's quaffable '99. It is tart and resiny, with a strong scent of licorice. The rustic flavors are earthy and rough, with a bitter, alcoholic finish.", "Despite the concept-driven name, this is good Malbec at a good price. Minty black-fruit aromas are welcoming and stand up to scrutiny. The palate has juicy acidity and purity to support plum and cherry flavors that are spicy and dry in nature. For basic Malbec, you won't do much better than this. END
START HERE This is a whole different critter than the winery's quaffable '99. It is tart and resiny, with a strong scent of licorice. The rustic flavors are earthy and rough, with a bitter, alcoholic finish.", "Despite the concept-driven name, this is good Malbec at a good price. Minty black-fruit aromas are welcoming and stand up to scrutiny. The palate has juicy acidity and purity to support plum and cherry flavors that are spicy and dry in nature. For basic Malbec, you won't do much better than this.", "Pretty good for a ten buck red, this has proper varietal flavors of blackberries, cherries and oak, and is fullbodied and tannic. There's a rustic edge, but it will do fine with roast chicken or even macaroni and cheese. END
START HERE Despite the concept-driven name, this is good Malbec at a good price. Minty black-fruit aromas are welcoming and stand up to scrutiny. The palate has juicy acidity and purity to support plum and cherry flavors that are spicy and dry in nature. For basic Malbec, you won't do much better than this.", "Pretty good for a ten buck red, this has proper varietal flavors of blackberries, cherries and oak, and is fullbodied and tannic. There's a rustic edge, but it will do fine with roast chicken or even macaroni and cheese.", "Sometimes concept exceeds the wine itself, and this may be a case in point. The blend is odd, and the fact that each grape comes from a different part of Spain is potentially more odd. As for the wine, it has a nice perfume to it, courtesy of the Rhone varieties in the mix. And while the cherry/berry fruit is forward, it's maybe too sweet and basic in terms of length, structure and mouthfeel. Still, it's worth a try for the experimental tasters out there. END
START HERE Pretty good for a ten buck red, this has proper varietal flavors of blackberries, cherries and oak, and is fullbodied and tannic. There's a rustic edge, but it will do fine with roast chicken or even macaroni and cheese.", "Sometimes concept exceeds the wine itself, and this may be a case in point. The blend is odd, and the fact that each grape comes from a different part of Spain is potentially more odd. As for the wine, it has a nice perfume to it, courtesy of the Rhone varieties in the mix. And while the cherry/berry fruit is forward, it's maybe too sweet and basic in terms of length, structure and mouthfeel. Still, it's worth a try for the experimental tasters out there.", 'This easily affordable wine is a full-blown oaky version that has prominent toasted oak and wood smoke aromas that meld with butter, caramel and ripe pear flavors. It feels almost sweet and is full-bodied with mild acidity. END
START HERE Sometimes concept exceeds the wine itself, and this may be a case in point. The blend is odd, and the fact that each grape comes from a different part of Spain is potentially more odd. As for the wine, it has a nice perfume to it, courtesy of the Rhone varieties in the mix. And while the cherry/berry fruit is forward, it's maybe too sweet and basic in terms of length, structure and mouthfeel. Still, it's worth a try for the experimental tasters out there.", 'This easily affordable wine is a full-blown oaky version that has prominent toasted oak and wood smoke aromas that meld with butter, caramel and ripe pear flavors. It feels almost sweet and is full-bodied with mild acidity.', 'This wine is slightly spritzy and sugary, with simple yet clean apple flavors. The finish is sweet, quick and pleasantly quaffable. Best to chill it down before drinking. END
START HERE This easily affordable wine is a full-blown oaky version that has prominent toasted oak and wood smoke aromas that meld with butter, caramel and ripe pear flavors. It feels almost sweet and is full-bodied with mild acidity.', 'This wine is slightly spritzy and sugary, with simple yet clean apple flavors. The finish is sweet, quick and pleasantly quaffable. Best to chill it down before drinking.', 'Berry aromas come with an oaky, lactic whiff of plastic. A scratchy palate is fruity but awkward, with generic plum and dark-berry flavors. Fig cookie and chocolaty flavors control a blocky finish. END
START HERE This wine is slightly spritzy and sugary, with simple yet clean apple flavors. The finish is sweet, quick and pleasantly quaffable. Best to chill it down before drinking.', 'Berry aromas come with an oaky, lactic whiff of plastic. A scratchy palate is fruity but awkward, with generic plum and dark-berry flavors. Fig cookie and chocolaty flavors control a blocky finish.', 'Very dry and slightly musty, the fruit tastes lightly of apple and citrus, but the wine already seems to be heading over a cliff. —P.G. END
START HERE Berry aromas come with an oaky, lactic whiff of plastic. A scratchy palate is fruity but awkward, with generic plum and dark-berry flavors. Fig cookie and chocolaty flavors control a blocky finish.', 'Very dry and slightly musty, the fruit tastes lightly of apple and citrus, but the wine already seems to be heading over a cliff. —P.G.', "If you like the Australian Rieslings, which often push petrol, mineral and shy fruit, than this is for you. It hails from cool and southerly Bío Bío, and it's an honest Riesling with lemony freshness and grapefruit on the palate, followed by a juicy finish. A potential by-the-glass favorite. END
START HERE Very dry and slightly musty, the fruit tastes lightly of apple and citrus, but the wine already seems to be heading over a cliff. —P.G.', "If you like the Australian Rieslings, which often push petrol, mineral and shy fruit, than this is for you. It hails from cool and southerly Bío Bío, and it's an honest Riesling with lemony freshness and grapefruit on the palate, followed by a juicy finish. A potential by-the-glass favorite.", 'Here’s a country-style Cab that won’t break the bank but offers solid value. The fruit is light and clean, suggesting blackberries and plums, with oregano and thyme notes and the slightest touch of toasty oak. Tannins are soft but fine, and it finishes very dry. END
START HERE If you like the Australian Rieslings, which often push petrol, mineral and shy fruit, than this is for you. It hails from cool and southerly Bío Bío, and it's an honest Riesling with lemony freshness and grapefruit on the palate, followed by a juicy finish. A potential by-the-glass favorite.", 'Here’s a country-style Cab that won’t break the bank but offers solid value. The fruit is light and clean, suggesting blackberries and plums, with oregano and thyme notes and the slightest touch of toasty oak. Tannins are soft but fine, and it finishes very dry.', 'Green apples and pears combine harmoniously in this tart, mostly dry offering. Elements of vegetable oil and mineral add complexity. END
START HERE Here’s a country-style Cab that won’t break the bank but offers solid value. The fruit is light and clean, suggesting blackberries and plums, with oregano and thyme notes and the slightest touch of toasty oak. Tannins are soft but fine, and it finishes very dry.', 'Green apples and pears combine harmoniously in this tart, mostly dry offering. Elements of vegetable oil and mineral add complexity.', 'Not bad for everyday quaffing, with some rich blackberry flavors and nice, dry tannins. It has a country-style edge of roughness to it, but all in all, this is a pretty good value in Cabernet. END
START HERE Green apples and pears combine harmoniously in this tart, mostly dry offering. Elements of vegetable oil and mineral add complexity.', 'Not bad for everyday quaffing, with some rich blackberry flavors and nice, dry tannins. It has a country-style edge of roughness to it, but all in all, this is a pretty good value in Cabernet.', 'Yellow in color, then fleshy and floral on the nose, with a hint of peach but also corn stalks. Feels full and clumsy, with sharp acidity and corny, cidery key flavors. Struggles to reach that next level. END
START HERE Not bad for everyday quaffing, with some rich blackberry flavors and nice, dry tannins. It has a country-style edge of roughness to it, but all in all, this is a pretty good value in Cabernet.', 'Yellow in color, then fleshy and floral on the nose, with a hint of peach but also corn stalks. Feels full and clumsy, with sharp acidity and corny, cidery key flavors. Struggles to reach that next level.', 'This ripe while crisp wine has juicy red fruits and lively acidity. It is softly textured, smooth and with a full, aromatic aftertaste. END
START HERE Yellow in color, then fleshy and floral on the nose, with a hint of peach but also corn stalks. Feels full and clumsy, with sharp acidity and corny, cidery key flavors. Struggles to reach that next level.', 'This ripe while crisp wine has juicy red fruits and lively acidity. It is softly textured, smooth and with a full, aromatic aftertaste.', "In a kitchen sink blend that is just over half Merlot, it's the Syrah that pops with its notes of black and green olive accented by orange peel. With 20g/L residual sugar, it coats the palate end to end with overtly sweet fruit flavors. END
START HERE This ripe while crisp wine has juicy red fruits and lively acidity. It is softly textured, smooth and with a full, aromatic aftertaste.', "In a kitchen sink blend that is just over half Merlot, it's the Syrah that pops with its notes of black and green olive accented by orange peel. With 20g/L residual sugar, it coats the palate end to end with overtly sweet fruit flavors.", 'With an orange leaning to its pink tint, this is struggling to maintain its fruit and freshness. Flavors of peach and apricot pits finish round and soft. END
START HERE In a kitchen sink blend that is just over half Merlot, it's the Syrah that pops with its notes of black and green olive accented by orange peel. With 20g/L residual sugar, it coats the palate end to end with overtly sweet fruit flavors.", 'With an orange leaning to its pink tint, this is struggling to maintain its fruit and freshness. Flavors of peach and apricot pits finish round and soft.', "Beware of funky labeled Malbecs because many don't have much to offer. Case in point, this candied, scratchy wine with wild, rampant fruit and not much else. Tastes like a jug wine. END
START HERE With an orange leaning to its pink tint, this is struggling to maintain its fruit and freshness. Flavors of peach and apricot pits finish round and soft.', "Beware of funky labeled Malbecs because many don't have much to offer. Case in point, this candied, scratchy wine with wild, rampant fruit and not much else. Tastes like a jug wine.", "Here's a fresh, delicious Syrah for drinking now. It's lush and smooth in black raspberry and cherry purée, fennel, beef jerky and black pepper flavors, backed up with a juicy hit of acidity. END
START HERE Beware of funky labeled Malbecs because many don't have much to offer. Case in point, this candied, scratchy wine with wild, rampant fruit and not much else. Tastes like a jug wine.", "Here's a fresh, delicious Syrah for drinking now. It's lush and smooth in black raspberry and cherry purée, fennel, beef jerky and black pepper flavors, backed up with a juicy hit of acidity.", "Hard to get lushness and complexity into a Chard at this price, but this wine tries hard. It's a cool climate wine, to judge from the crisp, upfront acidity. Flavors veer toward apples and citrus fruits, and if there's any oak, it doesn't show. Finishes clean and lean. END
START HERE Here's a fresh, delicious Syrah for drinking now. It's lush and smooth in black raspberry and cherry purée, fennel, beef jerky and black pepper flavors, backed up with a juicy hit of acidity.", "Hard to get lushness and complexity into a Chard at this price, but this wine tries hard. It's a cool climate wine, to judge from the crisp, upfront acidity. Flavors veer toward apples and citrus fruits, and if there's any oak, it doesn't show. Finishes clean and lean.", 'Sweet oak aromas of vanilla extract, pencil shaving and cocoa butter flood the nose, overshadowing any pure fruit character. Soft and broad in texture, it has plum spice and sweet wood flavors that fade fast on the close. END
START HERE Hard to get lushness and complexity into a Chard at this price, but this wine tries hard. It's a cool climate wine, to judge from the crisp, upfront acidity. Flavors veer toward apples and citrus fruits, and if there's any oak, it doesn't show. Finishes clean and lean.", 'Sweet oak aromas of vanilla extract, pencil shaving and cocoa butter flood the nose, overshadowing any pure fruit character. Soft and broad in texture, it has plum spice and sweet wood flavors that fade fast on the close.', "This well-made wine in a rich style smells like ripe pears and melted butter, and tastes soft and almost sweet, resembling pear and peach juice. The texture is smooth and soft and the body is medium, so it's easy to enjoy. END
START HERE Sweet oak aromas of vanilla extract, pencil shaving and cocoa butter flood the nose, overshadowing any pure fruit character. Soft and broad in texture, it has plum spice and sweet wood flavors that fade fast on the close.', "This well-made wine in a rich style smells like ripe pears and melted butter, and tastes soft and almost sweet, resembling pear and peach juice. The texture is smooth and soft and the body is medium, so it's easy to enjoy.", 'This wine is all fruit. Its black-currant flavors and attractive acidity come from a blend that is dominated by Tinta Roriz, Touriga Franca and Tinta Barroca. It has minerality and a dry edge, although its fruitiness means it is ready to drink. END
START HERE This well-made wine in a rich style smells like ripe pears and melted butter, and tastes soft and almost sweet, resembling pear and peach juice. The texture is smooth and soft and the body is medium, so it's easy to enjoy.", 'This wine is all fruit. Its black-currant flavors and attractive acidity come from a blend that is dominated by Tinta Roriz, Touriga Franca and Tinta Barroca. It has minerality and a dry edge, although its fruitiness means it is ready to drink.', 'Cherrylike aromas and crisp red cherry and cranberry flavors give this medium-bodied wine a tart and lean personality. It has firm tannins and a slightly astringent finish. END
START HERE This wine is all fruit. Its black-currant flavors and attractive acidity come from a blend that is dominated by Tinta Roriz, Touriga Franca and Tinta Barroca. It has minerality and a dry edge, although its fruitiness means it is ready to drink.', 'Cherrylike aromas and crisp red cherry and cranberry flavors give this medium-bodied wine a tart and lean personality. It has firm tannins and a slightly astringent finish.', 'While muted on the nose, this refreshing off-dry Riesling offers concentrated tangerine and yellow peach flavors. Light in body with a spry, zesty mouthfeel, it finishes brisk and clean. Enjoy now. END
START HERE Cherrylike aromas and crisp red cherry and cranberry flavors give this medium-bodied wine a tart and lean personality. It has firm tannins and a slightly astringent finish.', 'While muted on the nose, this refreshing off-dry Riesling offers concentrated tangerine and yellow peach flavors. Light in body with a spry, zesty mouthfeel, it finishes brisk and clean. Enjoy now.', 'Lemon-lime soda, chalk and gin-and-tonic cocktail elements power the nose on this zesty, medium-sweet bottling. The mouthfeel is soft, with lime juice and quinine cutting the ripe orange-syrup notes. END
START HERE While muted on the nose, this refreshing off-dry Riesling offers concentrated tangerine and yellow peach flavors. Light in body with a spry, zesty mouthfeel, it finishes brisk and clean. Enjoy now.', 'Lemon-lime soda, chalk and gin-and-tonic cocktail elements power the nose on this zesty, medium-sweet bottling. The mouthfeel is soft, with lime juice and quinine cutting the ripe orange-syrup notes.', 'Light in color, this blend of 51% Syrah, 42% Merlot and 7% Cabernet Sauvignon is perfumed with orange peel, coffee, plum and herbs. It drinks off dry, quite light and elegant in style with grainy tannins. END
START HERE Lemon-lime soda, chalk and gin-and-tonic cocktail elements power the nose on this zesty, medium-sweet bottling. The mouthfeel is soft, with lime juice and quinine cutting the ripe orange-syrup notes.', 'Light in color, this blend of 51% Syrah, 42% Merlot and 7% Cabernet Sauvignon is perfumed with orange peel, coffee, plum and herbs. It drinks off dry, quite light and elegant in style with grainy tannins.', 'The aromas are quite reticent, with notes of herb, purple fruit and abundant wood spices. Still, the palate delivers plush-feeling fruit flavors, speckled with attractive barrel accents. END
START HERE Light in color, this blend of 51% Syrah, 42% Merlot and 7% Cabernet Sauvignon is perfumed with orange peel, coffee, plum and herbs. It drinks off dry, quite light and elegant in style with grainy tannins.', 'The aromas are quite reticent, with notes of herb, purple fruit and abundant wood spices. Still, the palate delivers plush-feeling fruit flavors, speckled with attractive barrel accents.', "Freshly snipped thyme and bramble notes are prominent, yet unobtrusive against a backdrop of honey-kissed lemon and lime in this brisk off-dry Riesling. It's a zesty sprightly wine to drink young. END
START HERE The aromas are quite reticent, with notes of herb, purple fruit and abundant wood spices. Still, the palate delivers plush-feeling fruit flavors, speckled with attractive barrel accents.', "Freshly snipped thyme and bramble notes are prominent, yet unobtrusive against a backdrop of honey-kissed lemon and lime in this brisk off-dry Riesling. It's a zesty sprightly wine to drink young.", 'Dry and tannic, this has adequate blackberry, currant and oak flavors. END
START HERE Freshly snipped thyme and bramble notes are prominent, yet unobtrusive against a backdrop of honey-kissed lemon and lime in this brisk off-dry Riesling. It's a zesty sprightly wine to drink young.", 'Dry and tannic, this has adequate blackberry, currant and oak flavors.', 'Wild berry, savory herb and balsamic aromas take center stage in this medium-bodied red. The round palate offers ripe black cherry, crushed raspberry and a hint of orange zest. Modest acidity and soft tannins make it extremely accessible. END
START HERE Dry and tannic, this has adequate blackberry, currant and oak flavors.', 'Wild berry, savory herb and balsamic aromas take center stage in this medium-bodied red. The round palate offers ripe black cherry, crushed raspberry and a hint of orange zest. Modest acidity and soft tannins make it extremely accessible.', "Oaky, nutty, slightly oily aromas lead to a regular-feeling palate with resiny weight. Salty, lightly oaked flavors of stone fruits don't change much on a finish with melony flavors and light barrel notes. END
START HERE Wild berry, savory herb and balsamic aromas take center stage in this medium-bodied red. The round palate offers ripe black cherry, crushed raspberry and a hint of orange zest. Modest acidity and soft tannins make it extremely accessible.', "Oaky, nutty, slightly oily aromas lead to a regular-feeling palate with resiny weight. Salty, lightly oaked flavors of stone fruits don't change much on a finish with melony flavors and light barrel notes.", 'This is a basic white wine with a few quirks. It smells floral and appley, and tastes quite dry and a bit sharp while carrying a candylike marshmallow note. END
START HERE Oaky, nutty, slightly oily aromas lead to a regular-feeling palate with resiny weight. Salty, lightly oaked flavors of stone fruits don't change much on a finish with melony flavors and light barrel notes.", 'This is a basic white wine with a few quirks. It smells floral and appley, and tastes quite dry and a bit sharp while carrying a candylike marshmallow note.', 'Interesting notes of cumin and clove accent berry and leather aromas on this well-made red. Roasted, earthy, meaty, spicy berry flavors lead into a mildly burnt, toasty finish with modest oak. END
START HERE This is a basic white wine with a few quirks. It smells floral and appley, and tastes quite dry and a bit sharp while carrying a candylike marshmallow note.', 'Interesting notes of cumin and clove accent berry and leather aromas on this well-made red. Roasted, earthy, meaty, spicy berry flavors lead into a mildly burnt, toasty finish with modest oak.', "What a great price for a Chardonnay this balanced and savory. It's bright in acidity, with keen flavors of limes, oranges, tropical fruits and vanilla, and just a touch of buttered toast. Easy to find, with a production of 6,000 cases. END
START HERE Interesting notes of cumin and clove accent berry and leather aromas on this well-made red. Roasted, earthy, meaty, spicy berry flavors lead into a mildly burnt, toasty finish with modest oak.', "What a great price for a Chardonnay this balanced and savory. It's bright in acidity, with keen flavors of limes, oranges, tropical fruits and vanilla, and just a touch of buttered toast. Easy to find, with a production of 6,000 cases.", 'Snap this one up for its refreshing herbal, lemon and pine-scented nose and its flavorful palate with burnt orange and pineapple tones. More refreshing and subtle than most Chardonnays in this price range, this wine is a good pick for someone who wants a dash of Old World austerity and elegance in their New World wine. Try with arctic char or coho salmon. Best drunk now but will hold a year or so. END
START HERE What a great price for a Chardonnay this balanced and savory. It's bright in acidity, with keen flavors of limes, oranges, tropical fruits and vanilla, and just a touch of buttered toast. Easy to find, with a production of 6,000 cases.", 'Snap this one up for its refreshing herbal, lemon and pine-scented nose and its flavorful palate with burnt orange and pineapple tones. More refreshing and subtle than most Chardonnays in this price range, this wine is a good pick for someone who wants a dash of Old World austerity and elegance in their New World wine. Try with arctic char or coho salmon. Best drunk now but will hold a year or so.', "Red berry fruits are right up front in this juicy, fruity wine without great sense of structure. No matter, it's attractive and fresh now, ready to drink. END
START HERE Snap this one up for its refreshing herbal, lemon and pine-scented nose and its flavorful palate with burnt orange and pineapple tones. More refreshing and subtle than most Chardonnays in this price range, this wine is a good pick for someone who wants a dash of Old World austerity and elegance in their New World wine. Try with arctic char or coho salmon. Best drunk now but will hold a year or so.', "Red berry fruits are right up front in this juicy, fruity wine without great sense of structure. No matter, it's attractive and fresh now, ready to drink.", 'Sicilia and Syrah make a formidable team. This value wine from the Sambuca area of the island opens with a soft, velvety mouthfeel and delivers plump aromas of black fruit, cherry, white pepper and dark spice. The fruit element is bright and focused. END
START HERE Red berry fruits are right up front in this juicy, fruity wine without great sense of structure. No matter, it's attractive and fresh now, ready to drink.", 'Sicilia and Syrah make a formidable team. This value wine from the Sambuca area of the island opens with a soft, velvety mouthfeel and delivers plump aromas of black fruit, cherry, white pepper and dark spice. The fruit element is bright and focused.', "Simple and green, with mint, tobacco and cherry flavors. It's a sound, clean wine. Even though the fruit isn't exactly concentrated, it's an easy wine to drink at parties. END
START HERE Sicilia and Syrah make a formidable team. This value wine from the Sambuca area of the island opens with a soft, velvety mouthfeel and delivers plump aromas of black fruit, cherry, white pepper and dark spice. The fruit element is bright and focused.', "Simple and green, with mint, tobacco and cherry flavors. It's a sound, clean wine. Even though the fruit isn't exactly concentrated, it's an easy wine to drink at parties.", "Stalky, gritty aromas don't stir much optimism. This feels dry, hard and tannic, while salty, herbal, horsey red-berry flavors finish with some moderate heft and a clampy feel. END
START HERE Simple and green, with mint, tobacco and cherry flavors. It's a sound, clean wine. Even though the fruit isn't exactly concentrated, it's an easy wine to drink at parties.", "Stalky, gritty aromas don't stir much optimism. This feels dry, hard and tannic, while salty, herbal, horsey red-berry flavors finish with some moderate heft and a clampy feel.", 'Nicely balanced and fairly fruity, this wine is easy to like for its crisp apple and grapefruit aromas, fresh and ripe flavors and smooth and lively texture. END
START HERE Stalky, gritty aromas don't stir much optimism. This feels dry, hard and tannic, while salty, herbal, horsey red-berry flavors finish with some moderate heft and a clampy feel.", 'Nicely balanced and fairly fruity, this wine is easy to like for its crisp apple and grapefruit aromas, fresh and ripe flavors and smooth and lively texture.', 'Still young, this rich wine has a stalky character that contrasts with the ripe black currant flavors and good acidity. With a few months aging, this will fill out and be an attractive and fruity. Drink from 2016. END
START HERE Nicely balanced and fairly fruity, this wine is easy to like for its crisp apple and grapefruit aromas, fresh and ripe flavors and smooth and lively texture.', 'Still young, this rich wine has a stalky character that contrasts with the ripe black currant flavors and good acidity. With a few months aging, this will fill out and be an attractive and fruity. Drink from 2016.', 'Light, pleasant apple aromas are about all this neutral Chardonnay is giving. Its mild palate with just enough acidity carries clean and easy melon flavors. A slightly briny note closes out the lean finish. END
START HERE Still young, this rich wine has a stalky character that contrasts with the ripe black currant flavors and good acidity. With a few months aging, this will fill out and be an attractive and fruity. Drink from 2016.', 'Light, pleasant apple aromas are about all this neutral Chardonnay is giving. Its mild palate with just enough acidity carries clean and easy melon flavors. A slightly briny note closes out the lean finish.', 'Minty berry aromas settle well and hold up to airing. This everyday Merlot is more than competent on the palate. Berry and spice flavors finish chewy, with standard ripeness and follow through. END
START HERE Light, pleasant apple aromas are about all this neutral Chardonnay is giving. Its mild palate with just enough acidity carries clean and easy melon flavors. A slightly briny note closes out the lean finish.', 'Minty berry aromas settle well and hold up to airing. This everyday Merlot is more than competent on the palate. Berry and spice flavors finish chewy, with standard ripeness and follow through.', 'Solidly structured, this is a dense wine. Its black fruits add to the density, giving a concentrated, fruity wine. Drink this starting from mid-2018. END
START HERE Minty berry aromas settle well and hold up to airing. This everyday Merlot is more than competent on the palate. Berry and spice flavors finish chewy, with standard ripeness and follow through.', 'Solidly structured, this is a dense wine. Its black fruits add to the density, giving a concentrated, fruity wine. Drink this starting from mid-2018.', 'Sweet and sour in apricot, orange and vanilla flavors, this simple Chardonnay is fairly priced for the quality. END
START HERE Solidly structured, this is a dense wine. Its black fruits add to the density, giving a concentrated, fruity wine. Drink this starting from mid-2018.', 'Sweet and sour in apricot, orange and vanilla flavors, this simple Chardonnay is fairly priced for the quality.', 'Off-dry, with initial flavors of orange candy and a slight medicinal graininess. It develops some honeyed lemon in the midpalate, and smoothes into a pleasant-drinking, low alcohol and high acid Riesling. END
START HERE Sweet and sour in apricot, orange and vanilla flavors, this simple Chardonnay is fairly priced for the quality.', 'Off-dry, with initial flavors of orange candy and a slight medicinal graininess. It develops some honeyed lemon in the midpalate, and smoothes into a pleasant-drinking, low alcohol and high acid Riesling.', 'Dark aromas of black cherry and plum are spicy and suggestive of crude oil. In the mouth, this everyday Cab shows juicy balance and clean lines. Standard black-fruit flavors come with spice notes and a harmonious, long finish. END
START HERE Off-dry, with initial flavors of orange candy and a slight medicinal graininess. It develops some honeyed lemon in the midpalate, and smoothes into a pleasant-drinking, low alcohol and high acid Riesling.', 'Dark aromas of black cherry and plum are spicy and suggestive of crude oil. In the mouth, this everyday Cab shows juicy balance and clean lines. Standard black-fruit flavors come with spice notes and a harmonious, long finish.', "Slightly minty and grassy on the nose, and that mild green character persists. The palate is a bit clacky and acidic, yet the flavors evolve and ultimately rest at candied and medicinal. A touch biting but it tastes pretty good and it's decidedly not sour. A blend of 55% Monastrell with 25% Cabernet Savuignon and 20% Syrah. END
START HERE Dark aromas of black cherry and plum are spicy and suggestive of crude oil. In the mouth, this everyday Cab shows juicy balance and clean lines. Standard black-fruit flavors come with spice notes and a harmonious, long finish.', "Slightly minty and grassy on the nose, and that mild green character persists. The palate is a bit clacky and acidic, yet the flavors evolve and ultimately rest at candied and medicinal. A touch biting but it tastes pretty good and it's decidedly not sour. A blend of 55% Monastrell with 25% Cabernet Savuignon and 20% Syrah.", "An appealing wine with notes of herbs, gooseberry and guava. It's medium-bodied with some residual sugar (1.2 g/L) helping it go down easy. END
START HERE Slightly minty and grassy on the nose, and that mild green character persists. The palate is a bit clacky and acidic, yet the flavors evolve and ultimately rest at candied and medicinal. A touch biting but it tastes pretty good and it's decidedly not sour. A blend of 55% Monastrell with 25% Cabernet Savuignon and 20% Syrah.", "An appealing wine with notes of herbs, gooseberry and guava. It's medium-bodied with some residual sugar (1.2 g/L) helping it go down easy.", 'Deep purple in color, spicy berry aromas open on the nose of this mint-laden Merlot. Lush, core flavors of blackberry and plum show a saucy green pepper quality on the finish. END
START HERE An appealing wine with notes of herbs, gooseberry and guava. It's medium-bodied with some residual sugar (1.2 g/L) helping it go down easy.", 'Deep purple in color, spicy berry aromas open on the nose of this mint-laden Merlot. Lush, core flavors of blackberry and plum show a saucy green pepper quality on the finish.', 'Made from undisclosed grape varieties, this wine is simple and candied. It tastes like red cherry jam, spread on buttered white toast and sprinkled with brown sugar and cinnamon. END
START HERE Deep purple in color, spicy berry aromas open on the nose of this mint-laden Merlot. Lush, core flavors of blackberry and plum show a saucy green pepper quality on the finish.', 'Made from undisclosed grape varieties, this wine is simple and candied. It tastes like red cherry jam, spread on buttered white toast and sprinkled with brown sugar and cinnamon.', "About as typical and pleasant as you'll find in this price range. The nose is snappy, with aromas of fresh peas, bell pepper, citrus and wild herbs. Feels light and fresh, with flavors of lime and apple alongside tangerine. END
START HERE Made from undisclosed grape varieties, this wine is simple and candied. It tastes like red cherry jam, spread on buttered white toast and sprinkled with brown sugar and cinnamon.', "About as typical and pleasant as you'll find in this price range. The nose is snappy, with aromas of fresh peas, bell pepper, citrus and wild herbs. Feels light and fresh, with flavors of lime and apple alongside tangerine.", "A salty tang of mineral and lime refreshes this intensely citrusy yet easy-drinking Riesling. It's pleasantly off-dry in style, softening sharp white-grapefruit flavor with a lingering caress of honey. Drink now. END
START HERE About as typical and pleasant as you'll find in this price range. The nose is snappy, with aromas of fresh peas, bell pepper, citrus and wild herbs. Feels light and fresh, with flavors of lime and apple alongside tangerine.", "A salty tang of mineral and lime refreshes this intensely citrusy yet easy-drinking Riesling. It's pleasantly off-dry in style, softening sharp white-grapefruit flavor with a lingering caress of honey. Drink now.", "If you're new to Pinot Noir and curious, but not ready to spend a lot, check this out. It gets the idea across, with a dry, silky mouthfeel and basic flavors of raspberries, red currants and oak. END
START HERE A salty tang of mineral and lime refreshes this intensely citrusy yet easy-drinking Riesling. It's pleasantly off-dry in style, softening sharp white-grapefruit flavor with a lingering caress of honey. Drink now.", "If you're new to Pinot Noir and curious, but not ready to spend a lot, check this out. It gets the idea across, with a dry, silky mouthfeel and basic flavors of raspberries, red currants and oak.", "Ripe, sweet fruit marks this simple Cabernet. It's candied in blackberries and cherries, with a touch of smoky oak. END
START HERE If you're new to Pinot Noir and curious, but not ready to spend a lot, check this out. It gets the idea across, with a dry, silky mouthfeel and basic flavors of raspberries, red currants and oak.", "Ripe, sweet fruit marks this simple Cabernet. It's candied in blackberries and cherries, with a touch of smoky oak.", 'Soft aromas of sea shell, stone and mango appear in the bouquet. In the mouth, this is big and clumsy, with cidery flavors that continue onto the finish. Like many 2012 Chilean Chardonnays, this is overly ripe and not in the best balance. END
START HERE Ripe, sweet fruit marks this simple Cabernet. It's candied in blackberries and cherries, with a touch of smoky oak.", 'Soft aromas of sea shell, stone and mango appear in the bouquet. In the mouth, this is big and clumsy, with cidery flavors that continue onto the finish. Like many 2012 Chilean Chardonnays, this is overly ripe and not in the best balance.', "Labeled dry, this nonetheless carries a hint of sweetness, at 70 g/L residual sugar.  It's fruity and fresh, with melon, citrus and peach prominent. A perfect summer sipping wine. END
START HERE Soft aromas of sea shell, stone and mango appear in the bouquet. In the mouth, this is big and clumsy, with cidery flavors that continue onto the finish. Like many 2012 Chilean Chardonnays, this is overly ripe and not in the best balance.', "Labeled dry, this nonetheless carries a hint of sweetness, at 70 g/L residual sugar.  It's fruity and fresh, with melon, citrus and peach prominent. A perfect summer sipping wine.", "This crisp, clean and zesty wine is lightly herbal and immediately appealing. It's full of citrus and gooseberry flavors and is ready to drink. END
START HERE Labeled dry, this nonetheless carries a hint of sweetness, at 70 g/L residual sugar.  It's fruity and fresh, with melon, citrus and peach prominent. A perfect summer sipping wine.", "This crisp, clean and zesty wine is lightly herbal and immediately appealing. It's full of citrus and gooseberry flavors and is ready to drink.", "Candied melon and peach aromas lead to a creamy, woody palate that's somewhat flat in feel and short on acidity. Flavors include vanilla, cream, spicy oak and soft apple fruit. It's spicy and barrel driven on the finish. END
START HERE This crisp, clean and zesty wine is lightly herbal and immediately appealing. It's full of citrus and gooseberry flavors and is ready to drink.", "Candied melon and peach aromas lead to a creamy, woody palate that's somewhat flat in feel and short on acidity. Flavors include vanilla, cream, spicy oak and soft apple fruit. It's spicy and barrel driven on the finish.", "Floral and fruity on the nose, this turns wiry and racy in the mouth. It doesn't have a lot of body or weight, offering angular, lean berry and plum flavors, with a tight, peppery, acidic finish. END
START HERE Candied melon and peach aromas lead to a creamy, woody palate that's somewhat flat in feel and short on acidity. Flavors include vanilla, cream, spicy oak and soft apple fruit. It's spicy and barrel driven on the finish.", "Floral and fruity on the nose, this turns wiry and racy in the mouth. It doesn't have a lot of body or weight, offering angular, lean berry and plum flavors, with a tight, peppery, acidic finish.", "Following up on a bouquet that's lightly herbal and lactic, the palate feels hard and tannic, with oak-based resin sticking out. Flavors of black pepper, licorice and oak push away the wine's black-fruit component, leaving a minty finish that's oak-dominant and mildly artificial tasting. END
START HERE Floral and fruity on the nose, this turns wiry and racy in the mouth. It doesn't have a lot of body or weight, offering angular, lean berry and plum flavors, with a tight, peppery, acidic finish.", "Following up on a bouquet that's lightly herbal and lactic, the palate feels hard and tannic, with oak-based resin sticking out. Flavors of black pepper, licorice and oak push away the wine's black-fruit component, leaving a minty finish that's oak-dominant and mildly artificial tasting.", "Light vanilla and chunky tropical fruit aromas open this basic Chardonnay. The palate is weighty, while flavors of pineapple, mango and oak run sweet. On the finish, it falls off and doesn't hold up. END
START HERE Following up on a bouquet that's lightly herbal and lactic, the palate feels hard and tannic, with oak-based resin sticking out. Flavors of black pepper, licorice and oak push away the wine's black-fruit component, leaving a minty finish that's oak-dominant and mildly artificial tasting.", "Light vanilla and chunky tropical fruit aromas open this basic Chardonnay. The palate is weighty, while flavors of pineapple, mango and oak run sweet. On the finish, it falls off and doesn't hold up.", 'This is a fresh but also full and rich wine with ripe pear and raspberry fruits. The wine is balanced and ready to drink. END
START HERE Light vanilla and chunky tropical fruit aromas open this basic Chardonnay. The palate is weighty, while flavors of pineapple, mango and oak run sweet. On the finish, it falls off and doesn't hold up.", 'This is a fresh but also full and rich wine with ripe pear and raspberry fruits. The wine is balanced and ready to drink.', 'Dramatically reduced production coupled with a fine vintage add up to a stellar Snoqualmie Sauvignon Blanc in 2009. Loaded with melon, citrus and apple fruit flavors, this brisk and refreshing wine is reminiscent of a racy Quincy. Perfect springtime sipper. END
START HERE This is a fresh but also full and rich wine with ripe pear and raspberry fruits. The wine is balanced and ready to drink.', 'Dramatically reduced production coupled with a fine vintage add up to a stellar Snoqualmie Sauvignon Blanc in 2009. Loaded with melon, citrus and apple fruit flavors, this brisk and refreshing wine is reminiscent of a racy Quincy. Perfect springtime sipper.', 'Very sweet at first, with aromas of cherry cough drop and crème de cassis. Turns cheesy with air, and once the palate arrives be prepared for tangy pie cherry flavors in front of a starchy, lean finish. Offers the basics but nothing more. END
START HERE Dramatically reduced production coupled with a fine vintage add up to a stellar Snoqualmie Sauvignon Blanc in 2009. Loaded with melon, citrus and apple fruit flavors, this brisk and refreshing wine is reminiscent of a racy Quincy. Perfect springtime sipper.', 'Very sweet at first, with aromas of cherry cough drop and crème de cassis. Turns cheesy with air, and once the palate arrives be prepared for tangy pie cherry flavors in front of a starchy, lean finish. Offers the basics but nothing more.', 'This mild Sauvignon Blanc offers simple citrus and passion fruit aromas in front of an oily-feeling, pulpy palate. Flavors of vinaigrette, cactus and grapefruit finish with mealy lemon and orange notes. END
START HERE Very sweet at first, with aromas of cherry cough drop and crème de cassis. Turns cheesy with air, and once the palate arrives be prepared for tangy pie cherry flavors in front of a starchy, lean finish. Offers the basics but nothing more.', 'This mild Sauvignon Blanc offers simple citrus and passion fruit aromas in front of an oily-feeling, pulpy palate. Flavors of vinaigrette, cactus and grapefruit finish with mealy lemon and orange notes.', 'Light and dry, this Merlot is a good buy in an everyday wine. It has clean, earthy flavors of berries, cherries, red currants and herbs. END
START HERE This mild Sauvignon Blanc offers simple citrus and passion fruit aromas in front of an oily-feeling, pulpy palate. Flavors of vinaigrette, cactus and grapefruit finish with mealy lemon and orange notes.', 'Light and dry, this Merlot is a good buy in an everyday wine. It has clean, earthy flavors of berries, cherries, red currants and herbs.', 'The cool 2011 growing season seems to have presented a ripeness issue for this Merlot, which includes a healthy dollop of Cabernet Sauvignon along with Syrah and Cabernet Franc. It leans far into the green with notes of jalapeño, bell pepper and herbs backed by chalky tannins. END
START HERE Light and dry, this Merlot is a good buy in an everyday wine. It has clean, earthy flavors of berries, cherries, red currants and herbs.', 'The cool 2011 growing season seems to have presented a ripeness issue for this Merlot, which includes a healthy dollop of Cabernet Sauvignon along with Syrah and Cabernet Franc. It leans far into the green with notes of jalapeño, bell pepper and herbs backed by chalky tannins.', 'A barrel fermented Chardonnay that is uncharacteristically soft and fruity. Aromas of bananas and bubble gum lead to slightly sweet, uncomplicated flavors. The texture and body are light. END
START HERE The cool 2011 growing season seems to have presented a ripeness issue for this Merlot, which includes a healthy dollop of Cabernet Sauvignon along with Syrah and Cabernet Franc. It leans far into the green with notes of jalapeño, bell pepper and herbs backed by chalky tannins.', 'A barrel fermented Chardonnay that is uncharacteristically soft and fruity. Aromas of bananas and bubble gum lead to slightly sweet, uncomplicated flavors. The texture and body are light.', 'For an Australian Cabernet, this is surprisingly delicate on the nose and medium bodied on the palate. Herbal notes intertwine with cassis and licorice, ending with finely ground baking spices. Drink now. END
START HERE A barrel fermented Chardonnay that is uncharacteristically soft and fruity. Aromas of bananas and bubble gum lead to slightly sweet, uncomplicated flavors. The texture and body are light.', 'For an Australian Cabernet, this is surprisingly delicate on the nose and medium bodied on the palate. Herbal notes intertwine with cassis and licorice, ending with finely ground baking spices. Drink now.', 'Fairly round aromas of blackberry are also slightly grapey, while the plump palate offers dark fruit flavors and a choppy mouthfeel. Finishes with a taste of powdered drink mix and grape bubblegum. Decent but shows all the signs of the large-production, commercial wine that it is. END
START HERE For an Australian Cabernet, this is surprisingly delicate on the nose and medium bodied on the palate. Herbal notes intertwine with cassis and licorice, ending with finely ground baking spices. Drink now.', 'Fairly round aromas of blackberry are also slightly grapey, while the plump palate offers dark fruit flavors and a choppy mouthfeel. Finishes with a taste of powdered drink mix and grape bubblegum. Decent but shows all the signs of the large-production, commercial wine that it is.', 'Dusty cherry and plum aromas are nothing special. The palate is similarly just OK, with stalky flavors of citrus and red fruits. This is lightly oxidized and pithy tasting on the finish. END
START HERE Fairly round aromas of blackberry are also slightly grapey, while the plump palate offers dark fruit flavors and a choppy mouthfeel. Finishes with a taste of powdered drink mix and grape bubblegum. Decent but shows all the signs of the large-production, commercial wine that it is.', 'Dusty cherry and plum aromas are nothing special. The palate is similarly just OK, with stalky flavors of citrus and red fruits. This is lightly oxidized and pithy tasting on the finish.', "What a nice Sauvignon Blanc, so savory and rich in fruit. It's a little sweet, with a honeyed edge to the peach, pineapple, lemon and green grass flavors. Nice with an Asian-style chicken salad with ginger and spices. From Mason. END
START HERE Dusty cherry and plum aromas are nothing special. The palate is similarly just OK, with stalky flavors of citrus and red fruits. This is lightly oxidized and pithy tasting on the finish.', "What a nice Sauvignon Blanc, so savory and rich in fruit. It's a little sweet, with a honeyed edge to the peach, pineapple, lemon and green grass flavors. Nice with an Asian-style chicken salad with ginger and spices. From Mason.", 'Creamy malty aromas of vanilla and baked berry fruits lead to an astringent palate with hard tannins. This Malbec tastes earthy and like baked berry fruits and coffee grounds. A grabby finish with clamping residual tannins makes for a rugged ending. END
START HERE What a nice Sauvignon Blanc, so savory and rich in fruit. It's a little sweet, with a honeyed edge to the peach, pineapple, lemon and green grass flavors. Nice with an Asian-style chicken salad with ginger and spices. From Mason.", 'Creamy malty aromas of vanilla and baked berry fruits lead to an astringent palate with hard tannins. This Malbec tastes earthy and like baked berry fruits and coffee grounds. A grabby finish with clamping residual tannins makes for a rugged ending.', 'A southern yet herbal-feeling wine, this is ripe—maybe overripe—and missing real structure or fruitiness. END
START HERE Creamy malty aromas of vanilla and baked berry fruits lead to an astringent palate with hard tannins. This Malbec tastes earthy and like baked berry fruits and coffee grounds. A grabby finish with clamping residual tannins makes for a rugged ending.', 'A southern yet herbal-feeling wine, this is ripe—maybe overripe—and missing real structure or fruitiness.', "It's easy to drink this medium-bodied, pleasant Cabernet and enjoy the light herb and cherry flavors. Not tannic in spite of 10% Tannat grapes blended in, it feels soft and tastes mild on the finish. END
START HERE A southern yet herbal-feeling wine, this is ripe—maybe overripe—and missing real structure or fruitiness.', "It's easy to drink this medium-bodied, pleasant Cabernet and enjoy the light herb and cherry flavors. Not tannic in spite of 10% Tannat grapes blended in, it feels soft and tastes mild on the finish.", "Lifted cherry, mango and peach aromas lend a slightly candied note to this slightly off-dry rosé made from Cabernet Franc. It's unabashedly juicy and fruity on the palate, but balanced with brisk acidity. A fun, easy-drinking sip. END
START HERE It's easy to drink this medium-bodied, pleasant Cabernet and enjoy the light herb and cherry flavors. Not tannic in spite of 10% Tannat grapes blended in, it feels soft and tastes mild on the finish.", "Lifted cherry, mango and peach aromas lend a slightly candied note to this slightly off-dry rosé made from Cabernet Franc. It's unabashedly juicy and fruity on the palate, but balanced with brisk acidity. A fun, easy-drinking sip.", 'This is minty green up front, with a dilute cherry aroma. It feels hollow with green flavors that override mild red-fruit notes. Herbal on the finish. END
START HERE Lifted cherry, mango and peach aromas lend a slightly candied note to this slightly off-dry rosé made from Cabernet Franc. It's unabashedly juicy and fruity on the palate, but balanced with brisk acidity. A fun, easy-drinking sip.", 'This is minty green up front, with a dilute cherry aroma. It feels hollow with green flavors that override mild red-fruit notes. Herbal on the finish.', 'Looking for a medium-bodied Chardonnay with a citrusy edge? Look no further. Peach and lime scents ease into tropical fruit while retaining that zestiness on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE This is minty green up front, with a dilute cherry aroma. It feels hollow with green flavors that override mild red-fruit notes. Herbal on the finish.', 'Looking for a medium-bodied Chardonnay with a citrusy edge? Look no further. Peach and lime scents ease into tropical fruit while retaining that zestiness on the finish. Drink now.', 'Starts with a nice mix of peppery, live-fruit aromatics along with earth. Has good weight and balance, while the flavors of plum, raspberry and black cherry are mellow and touched up by hints of spice, vanilla and herbs. Shows good character and composition. END
START HERE Looking for a medium-bodied Chardonnay with a citrusy edge? Look no further. Peach and lime scents ease into tropical fruit while retaining that zestiness on the finish. Drink now.', 'Starts with a nice mix of peppery, live-fruit aromatics along with earth. Has good weight and balance, while the flavors of plum, raspberry and black cherry are mellow and touched up by hints of spice, vanilla and herbs. Shows good character and composition.', 'Earthy, rooty aromas get it started. The palate is lean and crisp, and the flavors are of sweet ‘n sour raspberry. A punch of cranberry shows itself on the finish, which is lean like the rest of the wine. END
START HERE Starts with a nice mix of peppery, live-fruit aromatics along with earth. Has good weight and balance, while the flavors of plum, raspberry and black cherry are mellow and touched up by hints of spice, vanilla and herbs. Shows good character and composition.', 'Earthy, rooty aromas get it started. The palate is lean and crisp, and the flavors are of sweet ‘n sour raspberry. A punch of cranberry shows itself on the finish, which is lean like the rest of the wine.', 'A crisp, fruity wine, bright with red-cherry fruit and a touch of pepper. The acidity and the lively texture give this wine a refreshing character. Drink now. END
START HERE Earthy, rooty aromas get it started. The palate is lean and crisp, and the flavors are of sweet ‘n sour raspberry. A punch of cranberry shows itself on the finish, which is lean like the rest of the wine.', 'A crisp, fruity wine, bright with red-cherry fruit and a touch of pepper. The acidity and the lively texture give this wine a refreshing character. Drink now.', 'With vines between Fronsac and Bourg, this estate has produced a forward wine with the 2015 vintage. Black currants and acidity are sustained by a youthful tannic structure. It can certainly be drunk now for its fruitiness, although kept until later in 2017 it will be richer. END
START HERE A crisp, fruity wine, bright with red-cherry fruit and a touch of pepper. The acidity and the lively texture give this wine a refreshing character. Drink now.', 'With vines between Fronsac and Bourg, this estate has produced a forward wine with the 2015 vintage. Black currants and acidity are sustained by a youthful tannic structure. It can certainly be drunk now for its fruitiness, although kept until later in 2017 it will be richer.', 'Sparse in flavor, this blend of Merlot, Zinfandel and Syrah is one-dimensional, soft in cranberry and slightly underripe. END
START HERE With vines between Fronsac and Bourg, this estate has produced a forward wine with the 2015 vintage. Black currants and acidity are sustained by a youthful tannic structure. It can certainly be drunk now for its fruitiness, although kept until later in 2017 it will be richer.', 'Sparse in flavor, this blend of Merlot, Zinfandel and Syrah is one-dimensional, soft in cranberry and slightly underripe.', "This blends almost-sweet fruit flavors of strawberry and red cherry with savory and spicy notes, making a nicely complex and multi-dimensional, medium-bodied wine. It's smooth and fruity, with no harsh tannins. END
START HERE Sparse in flavor, this blend of Merlot, Zinfandel and Syrah is one-dimensional, soft in cranberry and slightly underripe.', "This blends almost-sweet fruit flavors of strawberry and red cherry with savory and spicy notes, making a nicely complex and multi-dimensional, medium-bodied wine. It's smooth and fruity, with no harsh tannins.", 'Fairly mute on the nose, with an oily note and peachy aromas. Basic in the mouth, with good weight and balance along with oily flavors of peach and melon. Sweet and waxy on the finish, with the flavor of green banana. END
START HERE This blends almost-sweet fruit flavors of strawberry and red cherry with savory and spicy notes, making a nicely complex and multi-dimensional, medium-bodied wine. It's smooth and fruity, with no harsh tannins.", 'Fairly mute on the nose, with an oily note and peachy aromas. Basic in the mouth, with good weight and balance along with oily flavors of peach and melon. Sweet and waxy on the finish, with the flavor of green banana.', 'A note of brine rests on top on an otherwise dry, earthy, red-fruit bouquet. Punchy tannins create mild pinch, while earthy plum flavors carry a note of leather. A crisp, zesty finish with mild oak and spice notes closes this out. END
START HERE Fairly mute on the nose, with an oily note and peachy aromas. Basic in the mouth, with good weight and balance along with oily flavors of peach and melon. Sweet and waxy on the finish, with the flavor of green banana.', 'A note of brine rests on top on an otherwise dry, earthy, red-fruit bouquet. Punchy tannins create mild pinch, while earthy plum flavors carry a note of leather. A crisp, zesty finish with mild oak and spice notes closes this out.', "A very nice Cab that's praiseworthy for its dryness, balance and elegance. It's not as rich and dense as some more expensive wines, but offers good berry, cherry and sage flavors, with a scour of tannins. END
START HERE A note of brine rests on top on an otherwise dry, earthy, red-fruit bouquet. Punchy tannins create mild pinch, while earthy plum flavors carry a note of leather. A crisp, zesty finish with mild oak and spice notes closes this out.', "A very nice Cab that's praiseworthy for its dryness, balance and elegance. It's not as rich and dense as some more expensive wines, but offers good berry, cherry and sage flavors, with a scour of tannins.", 'Bland peach and melon aromas come in front of a flabby, creamy palate. Basic melon and papaya flavors are limited, with a slight bitterness lingering on a soft, fleshy finish. END
START HERE A very nice Cab that's praiseworthy for its dryness, balance and elegance. It's not as rich and dense as some more expensive wines, but offers good berry, cherry and sage flavors, with a scour of tannins.", 'Bland peach and melon aromas come in front of a flabby, creamy palate. Basic melon and papaya flavors are limited, with a slight bitterness lingering on a soft, fleshy finish.', "It's rather understated in flavor, and more smooth and round than typical for the variety. This is a good, rich-textured, medium-bodied wine with straightforward flavors. END
START HERE Bland peach and melon aromas come in front of a flabby, creamy palate. Basic melon and papaya flavors are limited, with a slight bitterness lingering on a soft, fleshy finish.', "It's rather understated in flavor, and more smooth and round than typical for the variety. This is a good, rich-textured, medium-bodied wine with straightforward flavors.", 'Leathery aromas blend well with concentrated black-fruit scents. In the mouth, this value-priced Malbec offers juicy purity and plenty of spunk. Flavors of black fruits, licorice and chocolate maintain a sense of freshness, while the finish offers residual blackberry and cassis flavors. END
START HERE It's rather understated in flavor, and more smooth and round than typical for the variety. This is a good, rich-textured, medium-bodied wine with straightforward flavors.", 'Leathery aromas blend well with concentrated black-fruit scents. In the mouth, this value-priced Malbec offers juicy purity and plenty of spunk. Flavors of black fruits, licorice and chocolate maintain a sense of freshness, while the finish offers residual blackberry and cassis flavors.', 'Mildly tropical on the nose and pleasant overall, with a touch of match stick to the bouquet. The palate is lemony and sheer, with flavors of Meyer lemon, white peach and apple. Pointed on the finish but clean. Good but normal in the scheme of things. END
START HERE Leathery aromas blend well with concentrated black-fruit scents. In the mouth, this value-priced Malbec offers juicy purity and plenty of spunk. Flavors of black fruits, licorice and chocolate maintain a sense of freshness, while the finish offers residual blackberry and cassis flavors.', 'Mildly tropical on the nose and pleasant overall, with a touch of match stick to the bouquet. The palate is lemony and sheer, with flavors of Meyer lemon, white peach and apple. Pointed on the finish but clean. Good but normal in the scheme of things.', 'Harkens back to the value days of the Diamond Label—but the style has been updated to reflect more freshness and focus. Pineapple and melon notes display cool, citrusy overtones, picking up just a hint of caramel on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Mildly tropical on the nose and pleasant overall, with a touch of match stick to the bouquet. The palate is lemony and sheer, with flavors of Meyer lemon, white peach and apple. Pointed on the finish but clean. Good but normal in the scheme of things.', 'Harkens back to the value days of the Diamond Label—but the style has been updated to reflect more freshness and focus. Pineapple and melon notes display cool, citrusy overtones, picking up just a hint of caramel on the finish. Drink now.', "Complexity and varietal character come through in this concentrated, well-balanced and smoothly polished wine. It is full bodied and lightly tannic, but so oozing with flavors that it's still easy to sip. The array of black plum, light sage, and black olive flavors is accented with very light oak. END
START HERE Harkens back to the value days of the Diamond Label—but the style has been updated to reflect more freshness and focus. Pineapple and melon notes display cool, citrusy overtones, picking up just a hint of caramel on the finish. Drink now.', "Complexity and varietal character come through in this concentrated, well-balanced and smoothly polished wine. It is full bodied and lightly tannic, but so oozing with flavors that it's still easy to sip. The array of black plum, light sage, and black olive flavors is accented with very light oak.", "Aromas of lees and baked apple lead to lightly viscous feeling sweet fruit flavors that linger. It's a crowd pleaser. END
START HERE Complexity and varietal character come through in this concentrated, well-balanced and smoothly polished wine. It is full bodied and lightly tannic, but so oozing with flavors that it's still easy to sip. The array of black plum, light sage, and black olive flavors is accented with very light oak.", "Aromas of lees and baked apple lead to lightly viscous feeling sweet fruit flavors that linger. It's a crowd pleaser.", 'A simple Chardonnay, with a soapy mouthfeel, lemony fruit and a hint of almond in the finish. END
START HERE Aromas of lees and baked apple lead to lightly viscous feeling sweet fruit flavors that linger. It's a crowd pleaser.", 'A simple Chardonnay, with a soapy mouthfeel, lemony fruit and a hint of almond in the finish.', "A zesty, lean-boned wine, but give it credit for offering classic pepper and raspberry aromas mixed with a touch of pickle and green. The palate is properly sized and balanced, with tart plum flavors that are satisfying enough. Not a deep or sophisticated wine, but it's clean and pretty good for Argentine Pinot. END
START HERE A simple Chardonnay, with a soapy mouthfeel, lemony fruit and a hint of almond in the finish.', "A zesty, lean-boned wine, but give it credit for offering classic pepper and raspberry aromas mixed with a touch of pickle and green. The palate is properly sized and balanced, with tart plum flavors that are satisfying enough. Not a deep or sophisticated wine, but it's clean and pretty good for Argentine Pinot.", "While subdued on the nose, there's lots of lively lemon and tangerine flavor on the palate of this dainty Kabinett. It's zippy and spry but sharply penetrating with a lingering lime pith finish. END
START HERE A zesty, lean-boned wine, but give it credit for offering classic pepper and raspberry aromas mixed with a touch of pickle and green. The palate is properly sized and balanced, with tart plum flavors that are satisfying enough. Not a deep or sophisticated wine, but it's clean and pretty good for Argentine Pinot.", "While subdued on the nose, there's lots of lively lemon and tangerine flavor on the palate of this dainty Kabinett. It's zippy and spry but sharply penetrating with a lingering lime pith finish.", "Leather, raisin, cherry and mild green aromas feed into a full, chewy palate that's kind of blocky. Medicinal, herbal plum and berry flavors are standard and finish with herbal, spicy notes. END
START HERE While subdued on the nose, there's lots of lively lemon and tangerine flavor on the palate of this dainty Kabinett. It's zippy and spry but sharply penetrating with a lingering lime pith finish.", "Leather, raisin, cherry and mild green aromas feed into a full, chewy palate that's kind of blocky. Medicinal, herbal plum and berry flavors are standard and finish with herbal, spicy notes.", "Minty, herbal and slightly grassy on the nose, and of course there's berry fruit to boot. The palate has normal feel and balance, with regular red fruit flavors from the currant and cherry family. Lengthy on the finish, but overall it's as basic as they come. END
START HERE Leather, raisin, cherry and mild green aromas feed into a full, chewy palate that's kind of blocky. Medicinal, herbal plum and berry flavors are standard and finish with herbal, spicy notes.", "Minty, herbal and slightly grassy on the nose, and of course there's berry fruit to boot. The palate has normal feel and balance, with regular red fruit flavors from the currant and cherry family. Lengthy on the finish, but overall it's as basic as they come.", 'Lush tropical fruit and a zippy minerality give this wine both character and lift. Fresh, inviting, and not too complicated, this wine will make a fantastic summer sip at a very reasonable price. END
START HERE Minty, herbal and slightly grassy on the nose, and of course there's berry fruit to boot. The palate has normal feel and balance, with regular red fruit flavors from the currant and cherry family. Lengthy on the finish, but overall it's as basic as they come.", 'Lush tropical fruit and a zippy minerality give this wine both character and lift. Fresh, inviting, and not too complicated, this wine will make a fantastic summer sip at a very reasonable price.', 'Apple skin and generic berry aromas lead to a tangy, thin palate with little substance. Flavors include citrus and cranberry, with a green note. A finish of scouring acidity and residual tang makes this fresh but nothing more. END
START HERE Lush tropical fruit and a zippy minerality give this wine both character and lift. Fresh, inviting, and not too complicated, this wine will make a fantastic summer sip at a very reasonable price.', 'Apple skin and generic berry aromas lead to a tangy, thin palate with little substance. Flavors include citrus and cranberry, with a green note. A finish of scouring acidity and residual tang makes this fresh but nothing more.', 'The acidity and alcohol are a bit pronounced on the nose, but otherwise this is a drinkable and clean rosé with tart but lively notes of white cherry, rhubarb and cranberry. END
START HERE Apple skin and generic berry aromas lead to a tangy, thin palate with little substance. Flavors include citrus and cranberry, with a green note. A finish of scouring acidity and residual tang makes this fresh but nothing more.', 'The acidity and alcohol are a bit pronounced on the nose, but otherwise this is a drinkable and clean rosé with tart but lively notes of white cherry, rhubarb and cranberry.', 'A cool, alpine streak runs through this easygoing but refreshing Riesling, revealed through greenish glimmers of pine frond and fresh herb. Off dry in style, it calibrates sweet-tart green plum and apple notes against streaks of lime and lemon. Drink now. END
START HERE The acidity and alcohol are a bit pronounced on the nose, but otherwise this is a drinkable and clean rosé with tart but lively notes of white cherry, rhubarb and cranberry.', 'A cool, alpine streak runs through this easygoing but refreshing Riesling, revealed through greenish glimmers of pine frond and fresh herb. Off dry in style, it calibrates sweet-tart green plum and apple notes against streaks of lime and lemon. Drink now.', "A good value, this Chardonnay delivers plenty of mouthfilling flavor for the price. Pineapple and melon fruit is tinged with a touch of mint, and while the flavors may be somewhat simple, at least they're assertive. END
START HERE A cool, alpine streak runs through this easygoing but refreshing Riesling, revealed through greenish glimmers of pine frond and fresh herb. Off dry in style, it calibrates sweet-tart green plum and apple notes against streaks of lime and lemon. Drink now.', "A good value, this Chardonnay delivers plenty of mouthfilling flavor for the price. Pineapple and melon fruit is tinged with a touch of mint, and while the flavors may be somewhat simple, at least they're assertive.", 'Full bodied and rounded in texture, this wine has lots of ripe fruit and good balance, without the herbal character typical of Sauvignon Blanc. Mild melon and apple aromas lead to rich melon and fig flavors and a generous, mouthcoating texture. A great value. END
START HERE A good value, this Chardonnay delivers plenty of mouthfilling flavor for the price. Pineapple and melon fruit is tinged with a touch of mint, and while the flavors may be somewhat simple, at least they're assertive.", 'Full bodied and rounded in texture, this wine has lots of ripe fruit and good balance, without the herbal character typical of Sauvignon Blanc. Mild melon and apple aromas lead to rich melon and fig flavors and a generous, mouthcoating texture. A great value.', "A lightweight wine seemingly made for poolside sipping, with herbal-grassy tones accenting citrus notes. It's clean on the finish and as refreshing as a cool breeze. END
START HERE Full bodied and rounded in texture, this wine has lots of ripe fruit and good balance, without the herbal character typical of Sauvignon Blanc. Mild melon and apple aromas lead to rich melon and fig flavors and a generous, mouthcoating texture. A great value.', "A lightweight wine seemingly made for poolside sipping, with herbal-grassy tones accenting citrus notes. It's clean on the finish and as refreshing as a cool breeze.", 'Dusty white-fruit and vanilla aromas are leesy and sweet smelling. The palate on this unoaked Chardonnay is light, with modest acidity. Ripe honeydew melon and apple flavors finish soft and simple. END
START HERE A lightweight wine seemingly made for poolside sipping, with herbal-grassy tones accenting citrus notes. It's clean on the finish and as refreshing as a cool breeze.", 'Dusty white-fruit and vanilla aromas are leesy and sweet smelling. The palate on this unoaked Chardonnay is light, with modest acidity. Ripe honeydew melon and apple flavors finish soft and simple.', 'Sweet and simple, with flavors of apricot, pineapple, peach and pear juice. END
START HERE Dusty white-fruit and vanilla aromas are leesy and sweet smelling. The palate on this unoaked Chardonnay is light, with modest acidity. Ripe honeydew melon and apple flavors finish soft and simple.', 'Sweet and simple, with flavors of apricot, pineapple, peach and pear juice.', 'Plush and plump, this is an easygoing off-dry Riesling with wide appeal. Fresh white grapefruit, apple and lemon flavors are cushioned by soft acidity. The finish is brisk and clean. Drink now through 2018. END
START HERE Sweet and simple, with flavors of apricot, pineapple, peach and pear juice.', 'Plush and plump, this is an easygoing off-dry Riesling with wide appeal. Fresh white grapefruit, apple and lemon flavors are cushioned by soft acidity. The finish is brisk and clean. Drink now through 2018.', 'A simple but easy-to-drink Chardonnay with soft aromas and flavors of ripe red apple and pear. Medium weight with a solid, clean finish. END
START HERE Plush and plump, this is an easygoing off-dry Riesling with wide appeal. Fresh white grapefruit, apple and lemon flavors are cushioned by soft acidity. The finish is brisk and clean. Drink now through 2018.', 'A simple but easy-to-drink Chardonnay with soft aromas and flavors of ripe red apple and pear. Medium weight with a solid, clean finish.', "A touch of spritz adds extra zip to this vibrantly youthful Riesling. It's dancingly light on the palate, but sweet yellow-peach and mango flavors penetrate deeply. It's a thoroughly enjoyable sip for youthful consumption at a fantastic bargain price. END
START HERE A simple but easy-to-drink Chardonnay with soft aromas and flavors of ripe red apple and pear. Medium weight with a solid, clean finish.', "A touch of spritz adds extra zip to this vibrantly youthful Riesling. It's dancingly light on the palate, but sweet yellow-peach and mango flavors penetrate deeply. It's a thoroughly enjoyable sip for youthful consumption at a fantastic bargain price.", 'A wine that emphasizes the black currant acidity and firm tannins of Cabernet Sauvignon. The fruit layers acidity, wood and some herbs. Age for another year. END
START HERE A touch of spritz adds extra zip to this vibrantly youthful Riesling. It's dancingly light on the palate, but sweet yellow-peach and mango flavors penetrate deeply. It's a thoroughly enjoyable sip for youthful consumption at a fantastic bargain price.", 'A wine that emphasizes the black currant acidity and firm tannins of Cabernet Sauvignon. The fruit layers acidity, wood and some herbs. Age for another year.', 'Wilting apricot and nectarine aromas are pithy and lead to a dying palate. Flavors of citrus rind and papaya show some acidic kick, while the finish is tropical in flavor and fading. Wait for the 2013. END
START HERE A wine that emphasizes the black currant acidity and firm tannins of Cabernet Sauvignon. The fruit layers acidity, wood and some herbs. Age for another year.', 'Wilting apricot and nectarine aromas are pithy and lead to a dying palate. Flavors of citrus rind and papaya show some acidic kick, while the finish is tropical in flavor and fading. Wait for the 2013.', 'Air freshener and tropical aromas lead to a juice-like palate with green tannins. Lime, nettle and nopal flavors finish heavy. END
START HERE Wilting apricot and nectarine aromas are pithy and lead to a dying palate. Flavors of citrus rind and papaya show some acidic kick, while the finish is tropical in flavor and fading. Wait for the 2013.', 'Air freshener and tropical aromas lead to a juice-like palate with green tannins. Lime, nettle and nopal flavors finish heavy.', "This is light and fresh, with melony aromas. It's plump and waning on the palate, with a splash of citric acidity. Mealy nectarine flavors lead to a stalky finish that loses steam. END
START HERE Air freshener and tropical aromas lead to a juice-like palate with green tannins. Lime, nettle and nopal flavors finish heavy.', "This is light and fresh, with melony aromas. It's plump and waning on the palate, with a splash of citric acidity. Mealy nectarine flavors lead to a stalky finish that loses steam.", 'Tannic and chewy, this is simple, sturdy and solidly in the herbal camp. Flavors are short and the finish leans into veggies. END
START HERE This is light and fresh, with melony aromas. It's plump and waning on the palate, with a splash of citric acidity. Mealy nectarine flavors lead to a stalky finish that loses steam.", 'Tannic and chewy, this is simple, sturdy and solidly in the herbal camp. Flavors are short and the finish leans into veggies.', 'The nose is light and attractive, with peach and floral accents. The mouth is perfectly smooth, with apple, melon and a hint of flint or steel. On the finish, some cinnamon spice adds character to the baked-apple flavors. With no flaws, this is the epitome of affordable, drinkable Chardonnay. Best Buy. END
START HERE Tannic and chewy, this is simple, sturdy and solidly in the herbal camp. Flavors are short and the finish leans into veggies.', 'The nose is light and attractive, with peach and floral accents. The mouth is perfectly smooth, with apple, melon and a hint of flint or steel. On the finish, some cinnamon spice adds character to the baked-apple flavors. With no flaws, this is the epitome of affordable, drinkable Chardonnay. Best Buy.', 'Smells a lot like fresh celery and/or asparagus, with vibrant green fruit aromas and lettuce thrown in for good measure. Juicy in the mouth, with apple, citrus and green veggie flavors. Turns more vegetal the longer it goes, but freshness and acidity keep it on a solid plane. END
START HERE The nose is light and attractive, with peach and floral accents. The mouth is perfectly smooth, with apple, melon and a hint of flint or steel. On the finish, some cinnamon spice adds character to the baked-apple flavors. With no flaws, this is the epitome of affordable, drinkable Chardonnay. Best Buy.', 'Smells a lot like fresh celery and/or asparagus, with vibrant green fruit aromas and lettuce thrown in for good measure. Juicy in the mouth, with apple, citrus and green veggie flavors. Turns more vegetal the longer it goes, but freshness and acidity keep it on a solid plane.', 'Opening with a bouquet of dried apricot and almond paste, this is a full style of Sauvignon Blanc, with tons of lemon on the finish. Pair this with seafood. END
START HERE Smells a lot like fresh celery and/or asparagus, with vibrant green fruit aromas and lettuce thrown in for good measure. Juicy in the mouth, with apple, citrus and green veggie flavors. Turns more vegetal the longer it goes, but freshness and acidity keep it on a solid plane.', 'Opening with a bouquet of dried apricot and almond paste, this is a full style of Sauvignon Blanc, with tons of lemon on the finish. Pair this with seafood.', 'Big, powerful, dominated by dark tannins and dense fruit. The alcohol is apparent in the burnt rubber edge, although the richness of the fruit, with its bitter chocolate edge, does help to mask it. The acidity at the end gives freshness. END
START HERE Opening with a bouquet of dried apricot and almond paste, this is a full style of Sauvignon Blanc, with tons of lemon on the finish. Pair this with seafood.', 'Big, powerful, dominated by dark tannins and dense fruit. The alcohol is apparent in the burnt rubber edge, although the richness of the fruit, with its bitter chocolate edge, does help to mask it. The acidity at the end gives freshness.', 'Easy, slender and fresh, this bright Chianti (85% Sangiovese with Merlot) reveals green notes of olive and herb followed by wild berry and spice. END
START HERE Big, powerful, dominated by dark tannins and dense fruit. The alcohol is apparent in the burnt rubber edge, although the richness of the fruit, with its bitter chocolate edge, does help to mask it. The acidity at the end gives freshness.', 'Easy, slender and fresh, this bright Chianti (85% Sangiovese with Merlot) reveals green notes of olive and herb followed by wild berry and spice.', 'This is a dense, complete wine with good Garnacha character and generous berry, spice, char and minty aromas and flavors. Rubbery tannins are fair and just, while flavors of grilled meat and baked plum finish oaky, with a slightly raw feel. END
START HERE Easy, slender and fresh, this bright Chianti (85% Sangiovese with Merlot) reveals green notes of olive and herb followed by wild berry and spice.', 'This is a dense, complete wine with good Garnacha character and generous berry, spice, char and minty aromas and flavors. Rubbery tannins are fair and just, while flavors of grilled meat and baked plum finish oaky, with a slightly raw feel.', 'This is a wine with potential. It has weight and ripe berry fruits balanced with solid tannins and a dense texture. Behind the structure, the fruit and acidity promise good things. Drink from 2016. END
START HERE This is a dense, complete wine with good Garnacha character and generous berry, spice, char and minty aromas and flavors. Rubbery tannins are fair and just, while flavors of grilled meat and baked plum finish oaky, with a slightly raw feel.', 'This is a wine with potential. It has weight and ripe berry fruits balanced with solid tannins and a dense texture. Behind the structure, the fruit and acidity promise good things. Drink from 2016.', 'Clean, balanced and simply refreshing, this Sauvignon Blanc from Sebeka fits perfectly within their line of good, affordable wines. Crisp, clean, but flavorful with tropical fruit, it makes for a dependable summertime classic on the patio. END
START HERE This is a wine with potential. It has weight and ripe berry fruits balanced with solid tannins and a dense texture. Behind the structure, the fruit and acidity promise good things. Drink from 2016.', 'Clean, balanced and simply refreshing, this Sauvignon Blanc from Sebeka fits perfectly within their line of good, affordable wines. Crisp, clean, but flavorful with tropical fruit, it makes for a dependable summertime classic on the patio.', 'Pure and fruity, this medium-bodied wine is supersmooth in texture, quietly flavorful and well balanced. The light acidity and mild tannins are well integrated and support delicious black-cherry and blueberry flavors perfectly. END
START HERE Clean, balanced and simply refreshing, this Sauvignon Blanc from Sebeka fits perfectly within their line of good, affordable wines. Crisp, clean, but flavorful with tropical fruit, it makes for a dependable summertime classic on the patio.', 'Pure and fruity, this medium-bodied wine is supersmooth in texture, quietly flavorful and well balanced. The light acidity and mild tannins are well integrated and support delicious black-cherry and blueberry flavors perfectly.', 'Cherry red in the glass, this wine has a bouquet of cherry cola and vanilla. It is medium-bodied on the palate, with flavors of black cherry, pomegranate and a final burst of cranberry. END
START HERE Pure and fruity, this medium-bodied wine is supersmooth in texture, quietly flavorful and well balanced. The light acidity and mild tannins are well integrated and support delicious black-cherry and blueberry flavors perfectly.', 'Cherry red in the glass, this wine has a bouquet of cherry cola and vanilla. It is medium-bodied on the palate, with flavors of black cherry, pomegranate and a final burst of cranberry.', 'An easygoing, crisp and well-priced Chardonnay, this has swirls of smooth apple and pear. END
START HERE Cherry red in the glass, this wine has a bouquet of cherry cola and vanilla. It is medium-bodied on the palate, with flavors of black cherry, pomegranate and a final burst of cranberry.', 'An easygoing, crisp and well-priced Chardonnay, this has swirls of smooth apple and pear.', "This fluorescent pink rosé is fairly full on the nose, with a grape skins character. Lively, balanced and lightly oily in feel, this delivers plum and citrus flavors prior to a finish that's pithy and tastes like ripe pink grapefruit. END
START HERE An easygoing, crisp and well-priced Chardonnay, this has swirls of smooth apple and pear.', "This fluorescent pink rosé is fairly full on the nose, with a grape skins character. Lively, balanced and lightly oily in feel, this delivers plum and citrus flavors prior to a finish that's pithy and tastes like ripe pink grapefruit.", 'Named after the lightning bugs (bellugues means spark) that lived in the nearby woods, this wine is all fresh fruit and soft texture. There is a hint of caramel to go with the bright acidity and red currant fruits. The wine is a great apéritif style. END
START HERE This fluorescent pink rosé is fairly full on the nose, with a grape skins character. Lively, balanced and lightly oily in feel, this delivers plum and citrus flavors prior to a finish that's pithy and tastes like ripe pink grapefruit.", 'Named after the lightning bugs (bellugues means spark) that lived in the nearby woods, this wine is all fresh fruit and soft texture. There is a hint of caramel to go with the bright acidity and red currant fruits. The wine is a great apéritif style.', 'This is on its last legs. It smells maderized, flat and candied, then feels heavy and drying. It tastes and smells old, finishing bitter. END
START HERE Named after the lightning bugs (bellugues means spark) that lived in the nearby woods, this wine is all fresh fruit and soft texture. There is a hint of caramel to go with the bright acidity and red currant fruits. The wine is a great apéritif style.', 'This is on its last legs. It smells maderized, flat and candied, then feels heavy and drying. It tastes and smells old, finishing bitter.', "Lean and spicy in the nose, with a hint of pepper and some green vegetables. The palate is a continuation of the nose: there's mild red fruit but also some strong green-bean and bell-pepper flavors. The finish is dry and tannic, as it should be. END
START HERE This is on its last legs. It smells maderized, flat and candied, then feels heavy and drying. It tastes and smells old, finishing bitter.', "Lean and spicy in the nose, with a hint of pepper and some green vegetables. The palate is a continuation of the nose: there's mild red fruit but also some strong green-bean and bell-pepper flavors. The finish is dry and tannic, as it should be.", 'This opens with a blast of bell pepper and leafy berry aromas. The palate is juicy but scratchy, while flavors of plum, raspberry and herbs finish tart, with no evolution. END
START HERE Lean and spicy in the nose, with a hint of pepper and some green vegetables. The palate is a continuation of the nose: there's mild red fruit but also some strong green-bean and bell-pepper flavors. The finish is dry and tannic, as it should be.", 'This opens with a blast of bell pepper and leafy berry aromas. The palate is juicy but scratchy, while flavors of plum, raspberry and herbs finish tart, with no evolution.', 'Bland berry aromas precede a pasty feeling, cloying palate with lactic, creamy flavors of oak and generic berry fruits. This is drying on the finish. END
START HERE This opens with a blast of bell pepper and leafy berry aromas. The palate is juicy but scratchy, while flavors of plum, raspberry and herbs finish tart, with no evolution.', 'Bland berry aromas precede a pasty feeling, cloying palate with lactic, creamy flavors of oak and generic berry fruits. This is drying on the finish.', "Melon and pear notes provide the flesh, while a citrusy element provides the backbone of this medium-bodied Chardonnay. It's round without being flabby, ending on a refreshing, citrusy note. Drink now. END
START HERE Bland berry aromas precede a pasty feeling, cloying palate with lactic, creamy flavors of oak and generic berry fruits. This is drying on the finish.', "Melon and pear notes provide the flesh, while a citrusy element provides the backbone of this medium-bodied Chardonnay. It's round without being flabby, ending on a refreshing, citrusy note. Drink now.", 'Dry and structured, the wine has a way to go before the fruit shows. It is over-extracted giving a hard bitter edge. Give the fruit a chance and wait until mid 2018. END
START HERE Melon and pear notes provide the flesh, while a citrusy element provides the backbone of this medium-bodied Chardonnay. It's round without being flabby, ending on a refreshing, citrusy note. Drink now.", 'Dry and structured, the wine has a way to go before the fruit shows. It is over-extracted giving a hard bitter edge. Give the fruit a chance and wait until mid 2018.', 'Opens with straightforward aromas of strawberry and cotton candy, giving way to peach and apple on the (slightly watery) palate. The unobtrusive acidity and off-dry style of this wine make it a good partner for sweeter dishes, like calamari in a candied citrus sauce. Drink now. END
START HERE Dry and structured, the wine has a way to go before the fruit shows. It is over-extracted giving a hard bitter edge. Give the fruit a chance and wait until mid 2018.', 'Opens with straightforward aromas of strawberry and cotton candy, giving way to peach and apple on the (slightly watery) palate. The unobtrusive acidity and off-dry style of this wine make it a good partner for sweeter dishes, like calamari in a candied citrus sauce. Drink now.', "Subtle, fresh, green aromas like celery and cut grass are followed by light cucumber flavors, a soft texture and short finish. It's a delicate wine at a good price. END
START HERE Opens with straightforward aromas of strawberry and cotton candy, giving way to peach and apple on the (slightly watery) palate. The unobtrusive acidity and off-dry style of this wine make it a good partner for sweeter dishes, like calamari in a candied citrus sauce. Drink now.', "Subtle, fresh, green aromas like celery and cut grass are followed by light cucumber flavors, a soft texture and short finish. It's a delicate wine at a good price.", "Dusty and warm up front, this has baked apple and peachy aromas. It feels round with only mild acidity, while the flavors yield barrel resin, citrus and sweet melon. It's not too evolved on the finish. END
START HERE Subtle, fresh, green aromas like celery and cut grass are followed by light cucumber flavors, a soft texture and short finish. It's a delicate wine at a good price.", "Dusty and warm up front, this has baked apple and peachy aromas. It feels round with only mild acidity, while the flavors yield barrel resin, citrus and sweet melon. It's not too evolved on the finish.", "Although this San Juan SB offers almost nothing on the nose, it's fresh and popping with acidity on the palate. Flavors of briny citrus are entirely familiar, while this finishes with cleansing crispness. END
START HERE Dusty and warm up front, this has baked apple and peachy aromas. It feels round with only mild acidity, while the flavors yield barrel resin, citrus and sweet melon. It's not too evolved on the finish.", "Although this San Juan SB offers almost nothing on the nose, it's fresh and popping with acidity on the palate. Flavors of briny citrus are entirely familiar, while this finishes with cleansing crispness.", 'This spritzy rosé smells something like orange marmalade. The palate is full despite being bubbly, with orange-peel flavors that turn bitter. The color of this wine suggests skin contact, which is confirmed on a grabby finish. END
START HERE Although this San Juan SB offers almost nothing on the nose, it's fresh and popping with acidity on the palate. Flavors of briny citrus are entirely familiar, while this finishes with cleansing crispness.", 'This spritzy rosé smells something like orange marmalade. The palate is full despite being bubbly, with orange-peel flavors that turn bitter. The color of this wine suggests skin contact, which is confirmed on a grabby finish.', 'This has pleasant oak aromas suggesting buttered toast, and fairly rich, ripe fruit flavors that resemble peach, pear and a touch of fig. The texture is smooth, almost creamy, the body is medium and the flavors stay fresh through the finish. END
START HERE This spritzy rosé smells something like orange marmalade. The palate is full despite being bubbly, with orange-peel flavors that turn bitter. The color of this wine suggests skin contact, which is confirmed on a grabby finish.', 'This has pleasant oak aromas suggesting buttered toast, and fairly rich, ripe fruit flavors that resemble peach, pear and a touch of fig. The texture is smooth, almost creamy, the body is medium and the flavors stay fresh through the finish.', "This is a smooth, wood-aged wine. Ripe black fruits are soft, with a contrast of toast and spice. It's juicy, with just the right amount of tannin. Although it's almost ready to drink, the wine will also age because of its structure. Drink from 2016. END
START HERE This has pleasant oak aromas suggesting buttered toast, and fairly rich, ripe fruit flavors that resemble peach, pear and a touch of fig. The texture is smooth, almost creamy, the body is medium and the flavors stay fresh through the finish.', "This is a smooth, wood-aged wine. Ripe black fruits are soft, with a contrast of toast and spice. It's juicy, with just the right amount of tannin. Although it's almost ready to drink, the wine will also age because of its structure. Drink from 2016.", 'This is a perfumed wine, soft while also ripe, with great pear flavor protected with night harvesting. It is still young and with its richness, it will be much better from 2017. END
START HERE This is a smooth, wood-aged wine. Ripe black fruits are soft, with a contrast of toast and spice. It's juicy, with just the right amount of tannin. Although it's almost ready to drink, the wine will also age because of its structure. Drink from 2016.", 'This is a perfumed wine, soft while also ripe, with great pear flavor protected with night harvesting. It is still young and with its richness, it will be much better from 2017.', 'Pure Merlot, ripe and fruity, this wine has only the lightest of tannic structure. That makes for a soft rounded wine from the area close to Lussac Saint-Émilion. Black plum and berry flavors are laced with acidity and finish with a smooth aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE This is a perfumed wine, soft while also ripe, with great pear flavor protected with night harvesting. It is still young and with its richness, it will be much better from 2017.', 'Pure Merlot, ripe and fruity, this wine has only the lightest of tannic structure. That makes for a soft rounded wine from the area close to Lussac Saint-Émilion. Black plum and berry flavors are laced with acidity and finish with a smooth aftertaste. Drink now.', 'A sound, rather generic red wine, medium- to full-bodied, with sleek tannins framing jammy cherry and raspberry flavors. Pretty good for the price, and easy to find, with 42,000 cases produced. END
START HERE Pure Merlot, ripe and fruity, this wine has only the lightest of tannic structure. That makes for a soft rounded wine from the area close to Lussac Saint-Émilion. Black plum and berry flavors are laced with acidity and finish with a smooth aftertaste. Drink now.', 'A sound, rather generic red wine, medium- to full-bodied, with sleek tannins framing jammy cherry and raspberry flavors. Pretty good for the price, and easy to find, with 42,000 cases produced.', "Leather and earthy notes circle around core berry scents. This is medium bodied, with expansive but nonspecific berry and plum flavors. A wide, chunky finish is good but doesn't go beyond the basics. END
START HERE A sound, rather generic red wine, medium- to full-bodied, with sleek tannins framing jammy cherry and raspberry flavors. Pretty good for the price, and easy to find, with 42,000 cases produced.', "Leather and earthy notes circle around core berry scents. This is medium bodied, with expansive but nonspecific berry and plum flavors. A wide, chunky finish is good but doesn't go beyond the basics.", 'Light and unfocused, this simple wine has fruit but misses out on structure and much interest. END
START HERE Leather and earthy notes circle around core berry scents. This is medium bodied, with expansive but nonspecific berry and plum flavors. A wide, chunky finish is good but doesn't go beyond the basics.", 'Light and unfocused, this simple wine has fruit but misses out on structure and much interest.', "This wine is still settling into the bottle, with light spritzy scents of honeysuckle, pear and ripe peach. The off-dry stone-fruit flavors exhibit well-balanced acidity that carries through the finish. The concentration comes off as somewhat light but what's there is good. END
START HERE Light and unfocused, this simple wine has fruit but misses out on structure and much interest.', "This wine is still settling into the bottle, with light spritzy scents of honeysuckle, pear and ripe peach. The off-dry stone-fruit flavors exhibit well-balanced acidity that carries through the finish. The concentration comes off as somewhat light but what's there is good.", 'A light, bright-coral color and grapey, jammy aromas lead to cherry-jelly flavors and a soft texture for this off-dry wine-in-a-can. END
START HERE This wine is still settling into the bottle, with light spritzy scents of honeysuckle, pear and ripe peach. The off-dry stone-fruit flavors exhibit well-balanced acidity that carries through the finish. The concentration comes off as somewhat light but what's there is good.", 'A light, bright-coral color and grapey, jammy aromas lead to cherry-jelly flavors and a soft texture for this off-dry wine-in-a-can.', 'Fresh and inviting notes of pineapple and tropical fruit are balanced by orange oil citrus and medium acidity in the mouth. The palate is round with a nice weight and a medium-length finish. END
START HERE A light, bright-coral color and grapey, jammy aromas lead to cherry-jelly flavors and a soft texture for this off-dry wine-in-a-can.', 'Fresh and inviting notes of pineapple and tropical fruit are balanced by orange oil citrus and medium acidity in the mouth. The palate is round with a nice weight and a medium-length finish.', 'This lightly aromatic wine conveys ripe red apple, pear, and star fruit. The fruit flavors are centered in a ball in the middle, offering plenty of appeal if not much complexity. END
START HERE Fresh and inviting notes of pineapple and tropical fruit are balanced by orange oil citrus and medium acidity in the mouth. The palate is round with a nice weight and a medium-length finish.', 'This lightly aromatic wine conveys ripe red apple, pear, and star fruit. The fruit flavors are centered in a ball in the middle, offering plenty of appeal if not much complexity.', 'A fragrant wine with notes of lavender, pear and peach, this drinks medium-sweet, with a spritzy feel and peach flavors throughout. END
START HERE This lightly aromatic wine conveys ripe red apple, pear, and star fruit. The fruit flavors are centered in a ball in the middle, offering plenty of appeal if not much complexity.', 'A fragrant wine with notes of lavender, pear and peach, this drinks medium-sweet, with a spritzy feel and peach flavors throughout.', 'Floral white-fruit aromas are yeasty and lack intensity. This feels mildly citric, with basic lime and green-apple flavors. A tangy easy simple finish sends this quaffable SB on its way. END
START HERE A fragrant wine with notes of lavender, pear and peach, this drinks medium-sweet, with a spritzy feel and peach flavors throughout.', 'Floral white-fruit aromas are yeasty and lack intensity. This feels mildly citric, with basic lime and green-apple flavors. A tangy easy simple finish sends this quaffable SB on its way.', "Lots of fresh, fruity flavors of raspberries and cherries in this straightforward, dry wine. While it's pretty simple, it has good acidity and is a good example of Pinot Noir for this price. END
START HERE Floral white-fruit aromas are yeasty and lack intensity. This feels mildly citric, with basic lime and green-apple flavors. A tangy easy simple finish sends this quaffable SB on its way.', "Lots of fresh, fruity flavors of raspberries and cherries in this straightforward, dry wine. While it's pretty simple, it has good acidity and is a good example of Pinot Noir for this price.", 'A pale pink color, this pretty rosé offers ripe notes of strawberry, watermelon and banana on the nose and mouth. Easy-drinking and approachable, the fruit-forward palate is balanced by bright acidity, finishing clean and mouthwatering. Drink now. END
START HERE Lots of fresh, fruity flavors of raspberries and cherries in this straightforward, dry wine. While it's pretty simple, it has good acidity and is a good example of Pinot Noir for this price.", 'A pale pink color, this pretty rosé offers ripe notes of strawberry, watermelon and banana on the nose and mouth. Easy-drinking and approachable, the fruit-forward palate is balanced by bright acidity, finishing clean and mouthwatering. Drink now.', 'Sourced entirely from the Milbrandt vineyards, this is a riot of honey, tea and mint highlights, with excellent acidity and ripe tree fruits. The length and density are outstanding for this price point. END
START HERE A pale pink color, this pretty rosé offers ripe notes of strawberry, watermelon and banana on the nose and mouth. Easy-drinking and approachable, the fruit-forward palate is balanced by bright acidity, finishing clean and mouthwatering. Drink now.', 'Sourced entirely from the Milbrandt vineyards, this is a riot of honey, tea and mint highlights, with excellent acidity and ripe tree fruits. The length and density are outstanding for this price point.', 'This is a good value in a soft, easy-drinking wine. It has very ripe fruit flavors, hints of brown sugar, a relaxed texture and a seemingly sweet finish. END
START HERE Sourced entirely from the Milbrandt vineyards, this is a riot of honey, tea and mint highlights, with excellent acidity and ripe tree fruits. The length and density are outstanding for this price point.', 'This is a good value in a soft, easy-drinking wine. It has very ripe fruit flavors, hints of brown sugar, a relaxed texture and a seemingly sweet finish.', 'Tight and intense for a $10 varietal, with crusty, charred oak aromas on top of ripe berry fruit. The palate is thick and full, with clamping tannins and flavors of lemony oak, plum and blackberry. Vanilla and mocha work the woody finish. END
START HERE This is a good value in a soft, easy-drinking wine. It has very ripe fruit flavors, hints of brown sugar, a relaxed texture and a seemingly sweet finish.', 'Tight and intense for a $10 varietal, with crusty, charred oak aromas on top of ripe berry fruit. The palate is thick and full, with clamping tannins and flavors of lemony oak, plum and blackberry. Vanilla and mocha work the woody finish.', 'Raisin and berry aromas set up a medium-bodied palate. Herbal, lightly green-berry flavors revert to raisiny and leafy on a lively but middle of the road finish. END
START HERE Tight and intense for a $10 varietal, with crusty, charred oak aromas on top of ripe berry fruit. The palate is thick and full, with clamping tannins and flavors of lemony oak, plum and blackberry. Vanilla and mocha work the woody finish.', 'Raisin and berry aromas set up a medium-bodied palate. Herbal, lightly green-berry flavors revert to raisiny and leafy on a lively but middle of the road finish.', "This perfumed, spicy wine has crisp red fruit and acidity. Light and with a soft aftertaste, it's attractive and ready to drink. END
START HERE Raisin and berry aromas set up a medium-bodied palate. Herbal, lightly green-berry flavors revert to raisiny and leafy on a lively but middle of the road finish.', "This perfumed, spicy wine has crisp red fruit and acidity. Light and with a soft aftertaste, it's attractive and ready to drink.", 'Cedary, spicy aromas and flavors rather than a strong fruit character define this medium-bodied, soft-textured wine. It is heavy on the spice and light on acidity and tannins. END
START HERE This perfumed, spicy wine has crisp red fruit and acidity. Light and with a soft aftertaste, it's attractive and ready to drink.", 'Cedary, spicy aromas and flavors rather than a strong fruit character define this medium-bodied, soft-textured wine. It is heavy on the spice and light on acidity and tannins.', 'Fermented in 100% stainless steel, this priced-to-sell Syrah has some red fruit and violet character. On the finish it tastes slightly burnt. END
START HERE Cedary, spicy aromas and flavors rather than a strong fruit character define this medium-bodied, soft-textured wine. It is heavy on the spice and light on acidity and tannins.', 'Fermented in 100% stainless steel, this priced-to-sell Syrah has some red fruit and violet character. On the finish it tastes slightly burnt.', "Raw, earthy plum aromas are spicy and lightly herbal. This feels saucy yet monotone. Tomato, red-plum and herbal flavors end with a hint of brown sugar and a continuation of the wine's herbal plum character. END
START HERE Fermented in 100% stainless steel, this priced-to-sell Syrah has some red fruit and violet character. On the finish it tastes slightly burnt.', "Raw, earthy plum aromas are spicy and lightly herbal. This feels saucy yet monotone. Tomato, red-plum and herbal flavors end with a hint of brown sugar and a continuation of the wine's herbal plum character.", 'Dense and well structured, this is going to be an attractive wine. It has blackberry fruit, plenty of crisp acidity and a structured aftertaste. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE Raw, earthy plum aromas are spicy and lightly herbal. This feels saucy yet monotone. Tomato, red-plum and herbal flavors end with a hint of brown sugar and a continuation of the wine's herbal plum character.", 'Dense and well structured, this is going to be an attractive wine. It has blackberry fruit, plenty of crisp acidity and a structured aftertaste. Drink from 2018.', "A pleasantly balanced sweet Riesling at a bargain-basement price, the 2010 from Dr. Heidemanns-Bergweiler features typical Mosel notes of green apples and limes. There's also a hint of mint upfront and a dusting of crushed stone on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Dense and well structured, this is going to be an attractive wine. It has blackberry fruit, plenty of crisp acidity and a structured aftertaste. Drink from 2018.', "A pleasantly balanced sweet Riesling at a bargain-basement price, the 2010 from Dr. Heidemanns-Bergweiler features typical Mosel notes of green apples and limes. There's also a hint of mint upfront and a dusting of crushed stone on the finish. Drink now.", 'Minerally dark-berry aromas come with a touch of spice. In the mouth, this is lively with a bolt of acidity behind the mouthfeel. Black cherry and berry are the flavors, while a hint of cocoa arises on a short yet fresh finish. END
START HERE A pleasantly balanced sweet Riesling at a bargain-basement price, the 2010 from Dr. Heidemanns-Bergweiler features typical Mosel notes of green apples and limes. There's also a hint of mint upfront and a dusting of crushed stone on the finish. Drink now.", 'Minerally dark-berry aromas come with a touch of spice. In the mouth, this is lively with a bolt of acidity behind the mouthfeel. Black cherry and berry are the flavors, while a hint of cocoa arises on a short yet fresh finish.', "Attractive aromas of pear and coconut set the stage for clean, fruity pear and apple flavors. This wine is balanced, offering length on the palate and finish, but also defined flavors and freshness. By all indications it's well made, and best of all it tastes as it should. Best Buy. END
START HERE Minerally dark-berry aromas come with a touch of spice. In the mouth, this is lively with a bolt of acidity behind the mouthfeel. Black cherry and berry are the flavors, while a hint of cocoa arises on a short yet fresh finish.', "Attractive aromas of pear and coconut set the stage for clean, fruity pear and apple flavors. This wine is balanced, offering length on the palate and finish, but also defined flavors and freshness. By all indications it's well made, and best of all it tastes as it should. Best Buy.", "Rosy pink and good for warm-climate getaways this winter. Bright, candied aromas are controlled and don't veer into bubblegum land, while the palate is medium soft and has just enough acid to prop up nectarine and citrus flavors. Won't last long but showing well in its early days. END
START HERE Attractive aromas of pear and coconut set the stage for clean, fruity pear and apple flavors. This wine is balanced, offering length on the palate and finish, but also defined flavors and freshness. By all indications it's well made, and best of all it tastes as it should. Best Buy.", "Rosy pink and good for warm-climate getaways this winter. Bright, candied aromas are controlled and don't veer into bubblegum land, while the palate is medium soft and has just enough acid to prop up nectarine and citrus flavors. Won't last long but showing well in its early days.", 'This is a soft, rounded wine with floral aromas and a line of citrusy acidity. Its light tang gives it a crisp aftertaste. END
START HERE Rosy pink and good for warm-climate getaways this winter. Bright, candied aromas are controlled and don't veer into bubblegum land, while the palate is medium soft and has just enough acid to prop up nectarine and citrus flavors. Won't last long but showing well in its early days.", 'This is a soft, rounded wine with floral aromas and a line of citrusy acidity. Its light tang gives it a crisp aftertaste.', 'Simple and rather sweet, but balanced with zesty acidity and minerality. The flavors are of honey, pineapples and ripe nectarines. END
START HERE This is a soft, rounded wine with floral aromas and a line of citrusy acidity. Its light tang gives it a crisp aftertaste.', 'Simple and rather sweet, but balanced with zesty acidity and minerality. The flavors are of honey, pineapples and ripe nectarines.', 'This medium-bodied wine has bold aromas of black pepper, tobacco and clove that merge with straightforward cherry and herb flavors for a nicely complex profile. It has way more depth and interest than the price tag would suggest. END
START HERE Simple and rather sweet, but balanced with zesty acidity and minerality. The flavors are of honey, pineapples and ripe nectarines.', 'This medium-bodied wine has bold aromas of black pepper, tobacco and clove that merge with straightforward cherry and herb flavors for a nicely complex profile. It has way more depth and interest than the price tag would suggest.', 'Cortegaia is a thin, ruby-colored red wine with easy aromas of small berry and white cherry. The mouthfeel is compact and watery but its also refreshingly crisp. You could drink it chilled with appetizers. END
START HERE This medium-bodied wine has bold aromas of black pepper, tobacco and clove that merge with straightforward cherry and herb flavors for a nicely complex profile. It has way more depth and interest than the price tag would suggest.', 'Cortegaia is a thin, ruby-colored red wine with easy aromas of small berry and white cherry. The mouthfeel is compact and watery but its also refreshingly crisp. You could drink it chilled with appetizers.', 'This sweet rosé is light and crisply fruity. Strawberry flavors make it an immediately refreshing and enjoyable apéritif wine. END
START HERE Cortegaia is a thin, ruby-colored red wine with easy aromas of small berry and white cherry. The mouthfeel is compact and watery but its also refreshingly crisp. You could drink it chilled with appetizers.', 'This sweet rosé is light and crisply fruity. Strawberry flavors make it an immediately refreshing and enjoyable apéritif wine.', 'Red currant and dried-herb aromas lead into sweet cranberry and cherry flavors. It goes down easy. END
START HERE This sweet rosé is light and crisply fruity. Strawberry flavors make it an immediately refreshing and enjoyable apéritif wine.', 'Red currant and dried-herb aromas lead into sweet cranberry and cherry flavors. It goes down easy.', "Aromas and flavors of ripe stone fruit, mango and yellow apple abound on this ripe, rounded wine. It's full and weighty, and should be drunk now. END
START HERE Red currant and dried-herb aromas lead into sweet cranberry and cherry flavors. It goes down easy.', "Aromas and flavors of ripe stone fruit, mango and yellow apple abound on this ripe, rounded wine. It's full and weighty, and should be drunk now.", "Thin and light in clove and dark plum, this accessible red wine pour is priced appropriately. Not overly tannic or oaky, it's fruity and ready to go. END
START HERE Aromas and flavors of ripe stone fruit, mango and yellow apple abound on this ripe, rounded wine. It's full and weighty, and should be drunk now.", "Thin and light in clove and dark plum, this accessible red wine pour is priced appropriately. Not overly tannic or oaky, it's fruity and ready to go.", "This wine includes grapes from a wide region that extends beyond Bordeaux. It's a classic, light, herbal expression of Sauvignon Blanc with citrus flavors and a tangy texture. Drink now. END
START HERE Thin and light in clove and dark plum, this accessible red wine pour is priced appropriately. Not overly tannic or oaky, it's fruity and ready to go.", "This wine includes grapes from a wide region that extends beyond Bordeaux. It's a classic, light, herbal expression of Sauvignon Blanc with citrus flavors and a tangy texture. Drink now.", 'Mildly baked plum and berry aromas are big and solid, while the big-boned palate revolves around plum and rhubarb flavors. Straightforward and a touch herbal, with sticky, chewy fruit to ponder on the finish. END
START HERE This wine includes grapes from a wide region that extends beyond Bordeaux. It's a classic, light, herbal expression of Sauvignon Blanc with citrus flavors and a tangy texture. Drink now.", 'Mildly baked plum and berry aromas are big and solid, while the big-boned palate revolves around plum and rhubarb flavors. Straightforward and a touch herbal, with sticky, chewy fruit to ponder on the finish.', 'This is a concentrated, well-oaked Cabernet with blackberry, cassis, leather and woody aromas. The palate is fairly tight and tannic, with good structure, while flavors of toasty, spicy plum and berry finish woody and with elasticity. END
START HERE Mildly baked plum and berry aromas are big and solid, while the big-boned palate revolves around plum and rhubarb flavors. Straightforward and a touch herbal, with sticky, chewy fruit to ponder on the finish.', 'This is a concentrated, well-oaked Cabernet with blackberry, cassis, leather and woody aromas. The palate is fairly tight and tannic, with good structure, while flavors of toasty, spicy plum and berry finish woody and with elasticity.', 'A full, generic berry fruit opening is not such a bad thing for value-priced Chilean Merlot. Fresh and fruity in the mouth, with no hard edge or bite. A mild herbal layer settles in on the finish. Tight and solid overall. END
START HERE This is a concentrated, well-oaked Cabernet with blackberry, cassis, leather and woody aromas. The palate is fairly tight and tannic, with good structure, while flavors of toasty, spicy plum and berry finish woody and with elasticity.', 'A full, generic berry fruit opening is not such a bad thing for value-priced Chilean Merlot. Fresh and fruity in the mouth, with no hard edge or bite. A mild herbal layer settles in on the finish. Tight and solid overall.', "Waxy, slightly mealy white-fruit aromas set up a pulpy citrusy palate. This offers salty orange and yeasty flavors in front of a finish that's struggling to stay fresh. Drink immediately. END
START HERE A full, generic berry fruit opening is not such a bad thing for value-priced Chilean Merlot. Fresh and fruity in the mouth, with no hard edge or bite. A mild herbal layer settles in on the finish. Tight and solid overall.', "Waxy, slightly mealy white-fruit aromas set up a pulpy citrusy palate. This offers salty orange and yeasty flavors in front of a finish that's struggling to stay fresh. Drink immediately.", 'The aromas of herb, kiwi and citrus are quite light. The tropical flavors are elegant and spritely, tingling the palate with a light effervescence. END
START HERE Waxy, slightly mealy white-fruit aromas set up a pulpy citrusy palate. This offers salty orange and yeasty flavors in front of a finish that's struggling to stay fresh. Drink immediately.", 'The aromas of herb, kiwi and citrus are quite light. The tropical flavors are elegant and spritely, tingling the palate with a light effervescence.', 'A ripe and soft style of rosé with its full strawberry fruits and only light acidity. Fruity and smooth, this bend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah is ready to drink. END
START HERE The aromas of herb, kiwi and citrus are quite light. The tropical flavors are elegant and spritely, tingling the palate with a light effervescence.', 'A ripe and soft style of rosé with its full strawberry fruits and only light acidity. Fruity and smooth, this bend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah is ready to drink.', 'Hard, oily, prickly and not impressive by global Sauvignon Blanc standards. The palate deals semisour grapefruit and passion fruit flavors, and the finish is a monotone continuation of the primary flavors. END
START HERE A ripe and soft style of rosé with its full strawberry fruits and only light acidity. Fruity and smooth, this bend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah is ready to drink.', 'Hard, oily, prickly and not impressive by global Sauvignon Blanc standards. The palate deals semisour grapefruit and passion fruit flavors, and the finish is a monotone continuation of the primary flavors.', 'This value-priced Syrah is meaty, leathery and spicy smelling, which can be typical for the variety. The palate is a bit shrill and acidic, while narrow flavors of red berries, herbs and minty green settle on a lightly herbal finish. END
START HERE Hard, oily, prickly and not impressive by global Sauvignon Blanc standards. The palate deals semisour grapefruit and passion fruit flavors, and the finish is a monotone continuation of the primary flavors.', 'This value-priced Syrah is meaty, leathery and spicy smelling, which can be typical for the variety. The palate is a bit shrill and acidic, while narrow flavors of red berries, herbs and minty green settle on a lightly herbal finish.', 'With aromas like butter and custard, and flavors that suggest ripe apple and crisp lemon, this is both refreshing and multifaceted. It feels light bodied and has a bit of a sweet-tart balance going for it. END
START HERE This value-priced Syrah is meaty, leathery and spicy smelling, which can be typical for the variety. The palate is a bit shrill and acidic, while narrow flavors of red berries, herbs and minty green settle on a lightly herbal finish.', 'With aromas like butter and custard, and flavors that suggest ripe apple and crisp lemon, this is both refreshing and multifaceted. It feels light bodied and has a bit of a sweet-tart balance going for it.', 'Punchbowl sweetness and pineapple aromas come in front of a chunky palate with banana and oily green-fruit flavors. A short finish is heavy before it fades. END
START HERE With aromas like butter and custard, and flavors that suggest ripe apple and crisp lemon, this is both refreshing and multifaceted. It feels light bodied and has a bit of a sweet-tart balance going for it.', 'Punchbowl sweetness and pineapple aromas come in front of a chunky palate with banana and oily green-fruit flavors. A short finish is heavy before it fades.', "A big and heavy style of Cabernet, with earth, leather, oak, raisin and blackberry aromas. The palate is a touch flat and reduced, but the flavors are sweet and suggest black currant, black cherry, spice and herbs. No shortage of ripeness here; if anything, it's a bit overripe. END
START HERE Punchbowl sweetness and pineapple aromas come in front of a chunky palate with banana and oily green-fruit flavors. A short finish is heavy before it fades.', "A big and heavy style of Cabernet, with earth, leather, oak, raisin and blackberry aromas. The palate is a touch flat and reduced, but the flavors are sweet and suggest black currant, black cherry, spice and herbs. No shortage of ripeness here; if anything, it's a bit overripe.", 'Off-dry and fruity, this is a bright, lively rosé. It has a soft texture, aromatic from the Grolleau in the blend and with light acidity at the end. Drink now. END
START HERE A big and heavy style of Cabernet, with earth, leather, oak, raisin and blackberry aromas. The palate is a touch flat and reduced, but the flavors are sweet and suggest black currant, black cherry, spice and herbs. No shortage of ripeness here; if anything, it's a bit overripe.", 'Off-dry and fruity, this is a bright, lively rosé. It has a soft texture, aromatic from the Grolleau in the blend and with light acidity at the end. Drink now.', 'Very opulent in texture and somewhat sweet in flavor, this wine has black pepper and blackberry aromas, ripe and jammy fruit on the palate and enough grippy tannin to nicely counterbalance the sweetness. END
START HERE Off-dry and fruity, this is a bright, lively rosé. It has a soft texture, aromatic from the Grolleau in the blend and with light acidity at the end. Drink now.', 'Very opulent in texture and somewhat sweet in flavor, this wine has black pepper and blackberry aromas, ripe and jammy fruit on the palate and enough grippy tannin to nicely counterbalance the sweetness.', "Charred oak aromas settle on creamy, with a note of plastic to go with heavy spice and secondary berry scents. This feels raw, tannic and grabby. Flavors of plum and clove are woody, while this has the texture of grape-skin extract on the finish, meaning it's rough and grabby. END
START HERE Very opulent in texture and somewhat sweet in flavor, this wine has black pepper and blackberry aromas, ripe and jammy fruit on the palate and enough grippy tannin to nicely counterbalance the sweetness.', "Charred oak aromas settle on creamy, with a note of plastic to go with heavy spice and secondary berry scents. This feels raw, tannic and grabby. Flavors of plum and clove are woody, while this has the texture of grape-skin extract on the finish, meaning it's rough and grabby.", "This luminous Chardonnay from southern Italy imparts notes of spice, fresh herbs and little fruit. It is, however, rounded off by mineral notes and some citrus or pineapple-like aromas. It's an easy-drinking white with a chalky, almost sweet sensation in the mouth. END
START HERE Charred oak aromas settle on creamy, with a note of plastic to go with heavy spice and secondary berry scents. This feels raw, tannic and grabby. Flavors of plum and clove are woody, while this has the texture of grape-skin extract on the finish, meaning it's rough and grabby.", "This luminous Chardonnay from southern Italy imparts notes of spice, fresh herbs and little fruit. It is, however, rounded off by mineral notes and some citrus or pineapple-like aromas. It's an easy-drinking white with a chalky, almost sweet sensation in the mouth.", 'Plum and raspberry aromas are fresh, clean and simple. This is a solid, full-bodied Cabernet with currant and plum flavors accented by notes of herbs and spices. A minty, lightly herbal finish feels fresh and healthy. END
START HERE This luminous Chardonnay from southern Italy imparts notes of spice, fresh herbs and little fruit. It is, however, rounded off by mineral notes and some citrus or pineapple-like aromas. It's an easy-drinking white with a chalky, almost sweet sensation in the mouth.", 'Plum and raspberry aromas are fresh, clean and simple. This is a solid, full-bodied Cabernet with currant and plum flavors accented by notes of herbs and spices. A minty, lightly herbal finish feels fresh and healthy.', 'This 80-20 blend of Sangiovese and Syrah from coastal Tuscany opens with bright fruit, a somewhat lean texture and delivers lively berry notes of wild strawberry and white cherry. A good value, the wine would pair well with pizza or pasta. END
START HERE Plum and raspberry aromas are fresh, clean and simple. This is a solid, full-bodied Cabernet with currant and plum flavors accented by notes of herbs and spices. A minty, lightly herbal finish feels fresh and healthy.', 'This 80-20 blend of Sangiovese and Syrah from coastal Tuscany opens with bright fruit, a somewhat lean texture and delivers lively berry notes of wild strawberry and white cherry. A good value, the wine would pair well with pizza or pasta.', 'Interesting aromas of brick dust, mint, fall leaf and dried fruit seem traditional and familiar. The palate is tight, tannic and rubbery, with roasted, savory flavors of spiced berry and plum. Oak, prune and fig notes work the firm finish. END
START HERE This 80-20 blend of Sangiovese and Syrah from coastal Tuscany opens with bright fruit, a somewhat lean texture and delivers lively berry notes of wild strawberry and white cherry. A good value, the wine would pair well with pizza or pasta.', 'Interesting aromas of brick dust, mint, fall leaf and dried fruit seem traditional and familiar. The palate is tight, tannic and rubbery, with roasted, savory flavors of spiced berry and plum. Oak, prune and fig notes work the firm finish.', "This contends for the best $10 Riesling in the country. It's off dry, with 30g/L of residual sugar, but not too sweet for some Asian noodle entrées. The mouthfeel is thick and borders on syrupy, with penetrating flavors of mango, papaya and peaches. It could also be served after dinner with fruit and soft cheeses. END
START HERE Interesting aromas of brick dust, mint, fall leaf and dried fruit seem traditional and familiar. The palate is tight, tannic and rubbery, with roasted, savory flavors of spiced berry and plum. Oak, prune and fig notes work the firm finish.', "This contends for the best $10 Riesling in the country. It's off dry, with 30g/L of residual sugar, but not too sweet for some Asian noodle entrées. The mouthfeel is thick and borders on syrupy, with penetrating flavors of mango, papaya and peaches. It could also be served after dinner with fruit and soft cheeses.", 'Cheesy tomato-based aromas are rubbery and fiery. This feels lean and monotone. Stewed, salty flavors of earthy berry fruits are off base and dirty, while this is cheesy tasting on the finish. END
START HERE This contends for the best $10 Riesling in the country. It's off dry, with 30g/L of residual sugar, but not too sweet for some Asian noodle entrées. The mouthfeel is thick and borders on syrupy, with penetrating flavors of mango, papaya and peaches. It could also be served after dinner with fruit and soft cheeses.", 'Cheesy tomato-based aromas are rubbery and fiery. This feels lean and monotone. Stewed, salty flavors of earthy berry fruits are off base and dirty, while this is cheesy tasting on the finish.', 'This softly perfumed wine has red-fruit flavors and plenty of acidity. It is jammy and juicy with succulent red berries. Drink now. END
START HERE Cheesy tomato-based aromas are rubbery and fiery. This feels lean and monotone. Stewed, salty flavors of earthy berry fruits are off base and dirty, while this is cheesy tasting on the finish.', 'This softly perfumed wine has red-fruit flavors and plenty of acidity. It is jammy and juicy with succulent red berries. Drink now.', 'An interesting note of sweet smoke graces the nose of this Merlot, adding another layer to the otherwise traditional characteristics of rich black berry and dark plum guts. Round and satisfying in the mouth with approachable tannins and a medium finish. END
START HERE This softly perfumed wine has red-fruit flavors and plenty of acidity. It is jammy and juicy with succulent red berries. Drink now.', 'An interesting note of sweet smoke graces the nose of this Merlot, adding another layer to the otherwise traditional characteristics of rich black berry and dark plum guts. Round and satisfying in the mouth with approachable tannins and a medium finish.', 'Sort of nutty and oily on the nose, without a whole lot of fruit to speak of. Overoaked for what it is, with a resiny mouthfeel and finish. Too much oak, vanilla and cream for a wine of modest quality. END
START HERE An interesting note of sweet smoke graces the nose of this Merlot, adding another layer to the otherwise traditional characteristics of rich black berry and dark plum guts. Round and satisfying in the mouth with approachable tannins and a medium finish.', 'Sort of nutty and oily on the nose, without a whole lot of fruit to speak of. Overoaked for what it is, with a resiny mouthfeel and finish. Too much oak, vanilla and cream for a wine of modest quality.', "This value-priced offering starts off with slightly subdued notes of passion fruit, but gains a bit of intensity on the palate. It's a simple, tropically fruity Sauvignon Blanc with a soft, easygoing finish. END
START HERE Sort of nutty and oily on the nose, without a whole lot of fruit to speak of. Overoaked for what it is, with a resiny mouthfeel and finish. Too much oak, vanilla and cream for a wine of modest quality.', "This value-priced offering starts off with slightly subdued notes of passion fruit, but gains a bit of intensity on the palate. It's a simple, tropically fruity Sauvignon Blanc with a soft, easygoing finish.", 'Spice and pepper aromas come with hints of green herbs, olive and standard berry fruit. Feels stretched out and grating, with herbal, olive flavors along with green-infused berry and cassis. Herbal on the finish. END
START HERE This value-priced offering starts off with slightly subdued notes of passion fruit, but gains a bit of intensity on the palate. It's a simple, tropically fruity Sauvignon Blanc with a soft, easygoing finish.", 'Spice and pepper aromas come with hints of green herbs, olive and standard berry fruit. Feels stretched out and grating, with herbal, olive flavors along with green-infused berry and cassis. Herbal on the finish.', 'A pleasantly smooth texture, mellow fruit flavors and not-too-heavy body give easy drinkability to this very affordable wine. The fruit flavors are quiet but present and the balance is on the soft side. END
START HERE Spice and pepper aromas come with hints of green herbs, olive and standard berry fruit. Feels stretched out and grating, with herbal, olive flavors along with green-infused berry and cassis. Herbal on the finish.', 'A pleasantly smooth texture, mellow fruit flavors and not-too-heavy body give easy drinkability to this very affordable wine. The fruit flavors are quiet but present and the balance is on the soft side.', "Here's a well-priced Chardonny from Sicily that boasts golden apple, citrus and pineapple sensations, with a hint of yellow peach. It's easy drinking, with crisp acidity that gives it a refreshing, clean finish. END
START HERE A pleasantly smooth texture, mellow fruit flavors and not-too-heavy body give easy drinkability to this very affordable wine. The fruit flavors are quiet but present and the balance is on the soft side.', "Here's a well-priced Chardonny from Sicily that boasts golden apple, citrus and pineapple sensations, with a hint of yellow peach. It's easy drinking, with crisp acidity that gives it a refreshing, clean finish.", 'This is a ripe wine with generous black fruits and crisp acidity. It is balanced—fruity with a core of tannins. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE Here's a well-priced Chardonny from Sicily that boasts golden apple, citrus and pineapple sensations, with a hint of yellow peach. It's easy drinking, with crisp acidity that gives it a refreshing, clean finish.", 'This is a ripe wine with generous black fruits and crisp acidity. It is balanced—fruity with a core of tannins. Drink from 2018.', 'A blend of 37% Shiraz, 19% Gamay, 18% Mourvèdre, 14% Grenache and 12% Cinsault, this soft rosé has an herbaceous kick that lends depth to the red currant and cherry fruit core. The palate is ripe and fruity, but not overdone, with supporting acidity and subtle hints of pepper and blackberry leaf on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE This is a ripe wine with generous black fruits and crisp acidity. It is balanced—fruity with a core of tannins. Drink from 2018.', 'A blend of 37% Shiraz, 19% Gamay, 18% Mourvèdre, 14% Grenache and 12% Cinsault, this soft rosé has an herbaceous kick that lends depth to the red currant and cherry fruit core. The palate is ripe and fruity, but not overdone, with supporting acidity and subtle hints of pepper and blackberry leaf on the finish. Drink now.', 'This basic, inexpensive Pinot has Syrah and Viognier blended, but overall the wine is fairly generic, with a streak of smokiness in the background. END
START HERE A blend of 37% Shiraz, 19% Gamay, 18% Mourvèdre, 14% Grenache and 12% Cinsault, this soft rosé has an herbaceous kick that lends depth to the red currant and cherry fruit core. The palate is ripe and fruity, but not overdone, with supporting acidity and subtle hints of pepper and blackberry leaf on the finish. Drink now.', 'This basic, inexpensive Pinot has Syrah and Viognier blended, but overall the wine is fairly generic, with a streak of smokiness in the background.', 'This is an intensely perfumed wine, with typical Syrah earthiness and acidity. It is soft, fruity, full of black plum flavors. The wine is ready to drink. END
START HERE This basic, inexpensive Pinot has Syrah and Viognier blended, but overall the wine is fairly generic, with a streak of smokiness in the background.', 'This is an intensely perfumed wine, with typical Syrah earthiness and acidity. It is soft, fruity, full of black plum flavors. The wine is ready to drink.', 'A baked, sweet, candied Malbec with a gritty, sugary mouthfeel and sweet, zappy cherry and plum flavors. Hot and breaks down on the finish. Rudimentary. END
START HERE This is an intensely perfumed wine, with typical Syrah earthiness and acidity. It is soft, fruity, full of black plum flavors. The wine is ready to drink.', 'A baked, sweet, candied Malbec with a gritty, sugary mouthfeel and sweet, zappy cherry and plum flavors. Hot and breaks down on the finish. Rudimentary.', 'Pretty nice for a statewide appellation, with true Zin characteristics of wild, brambly berries. The alcohol is high and the wine is very dry, a full-throttle assault on the senses, with its maximum load of jammy fruit. Nothing subtle, just a bases-loaded, ripe wine that leaves little to the imagination. Best Buy. END
START HERE A baked, sweet, candied Malbec with a gritty, sugary mouthfeel and sweet, zappy cherry and plum flavors. Hot and breaks down on the finish. Rudimentary.', 'Pretty nice for a statewide appellation, with true Zin characteristics of wild, brambly berries. The alcohol is high and the wine is very dry, a full-throttle assault on the senses, with its maximum load of jammy fruit. Nothing subtle, just a bases-loaded, ripe wine that leaves little to the imagination. Best Buy.', 'This largely neutral-smelling SB shows minor aromatic hints of pool chlorine and lemon rind. The palate is citrusy and generally well cut, with flavors of grapefruit, tangerine and tart apple that finish with a note of bitterness and green herbs. END
START HERE Pretty nice for a statewide appellation, with true Zin characteristics of wild, brambly berries. The alcohol is high and the wine is very dry, a full-throttle assault on the senses, with its maximum load of jammy fruit. Nothing subtle, just a bases-loaded, ripe wine that leaves little to the imagination. Best Buy.', 'This largely neutral-smelling SB shows minor aromatic hints of pool chlorine and lemon rind. The palate is citrusy and generally well cut, with flavors of grapefruit, tangerine and tart apple that finish with a note of bitterness and green herbs.', 'The grapes come from the Chicken Dinner vineyard, which says it all. Pop this tart, tangy wine, with its Zin-like red berry flavors and hints of white pepper, and bring on the fried chicken. —P.G. END
START HERE This largely neutral-smelling SB shows minor aromatic hints of pool chlorine and lemon rind. The palate is citrusy and generally well cut, with flavors of grapefruit, tangerine and tart apple that finish with a note of bitterness and green herbs.', 'The grapes come from the Chicken Dinner vineyard, which says it all. Pop this tart, tangy wine, with its Zin-like red berry flavors and hints of white pepper, and bring on the fried chicken. —P.G.', 'Light in color, sketchy on the nose and dilute on the palate, all of which means this has discernible issues. Bland flavors suggest grape skins, while this is flat, wheaty and yeasty tasting on the finish. END
START HERE The grapes come from the Chicken Dinner vineyard, which says it all. Pop this tart, tangy wine, with its Zin-like red berry flavors and hints of white pepper, and bring on the fried chicken. —P.G.', 'Light in color, sketchy on the nose and dilute on the palate, all of which means this has discernible issues. Bland flavors suggest grape skins, while this is flat, wheaty and yeasty tasting on the finish.', 'This is a soft pretty wine with a light fruity character. It is gently fruity, finishing with a peppery edge and crisp acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE Light in color, sketchy on the nose and dilute on the palate, all of which means this has discernible issues. Bland flavors suggest grape skins, while this is flat, wheaty and yeasty tasting on the finish.', 'This is a soft pretty wine with a light fruity character. It is gently fruity, finishing with a peppery edge and crisp acidity. Drink now.', 'This crisp, clean Chardonnay offers aromas of apple, honey and tropical fruit, and the flavor profile is not terribly complex, but friendly. Fresh fruit is balanced by acid and the mouthfeel has an appeal creamy quality. Good for food pairing; think anything from lobster to spicy ethnic cuisine. END
START HERE This is a soft pretty wine with a light fruity character. It is gently fruity, finishing with a peppery edge and crisp acidity. Drink now.', 'This crisp, clean Chardonnay offers aromas of apple, honey and tropical fruit, and the flavor profile is not terribly complex, but friendly. Fresh fruit is balanced by acid and the mouthfeel has an appeal creamy quality. Good for food pairing; think anything from lobster to spicy ethnic cuisine.', 'Big and fruity, and for the most part holds together and exhibits more good qualities than its faults. The flavor profile drives full-bodied black fruit and a finish that cuts out quietly. Not over the top in any way. END
START HERE This crisp, clean Chardonnay offers aromas of apple, honey and tropical fruit, and the flavor profile is not terribly complex, but friendly. Fresh fruit is balanced by acid and the mouthfeel has an appeal creamy quality. Good for food pairing; think anything from lobster to spicy ethnic cuisine.', 'Big and fruity, and for the most part holds together and exhibits more good qualities than its faults. The flavor profile drives full-bodied black fruit and a finish that cuts out quietly. Not over the top in any way.', 'Produced by the largest Bordeaux cooperative, this is a freshly fruity wine, with simple red fruit flavors and soft tannins. There is a smoky edge and pink raspberry acidity. END
START HERE Big and fruity, and for the most part holds together and exhibits more good qualities than its faults. The flavor profile drives full-bodied black fruit and a finish that cuts out quietly. Not over the top in any way.', 'Produced by the largest Bordeaux cooperative, this is a freshly fruity wine, with simple red fruit flavors and soft tannins. There is a smoky edge and pink raspberry acidity.', 'Full-bodied, soft in texture and loaded with peach and melon fruit, this is a tasty everyday Chard. Hints of custard and lime give it additional interest, while the finish ends on a citrusy (orange?) note. Drink now. END
START HERE Produced by the largest Bordeaux cooperative, this is a freshly fruity wine, with simple red fruit flavors and soft tannins. There is a smoky edge and pink raspberry acidity.', 'Full-bodied, soft in texture and loaded with peach and melon fruit, this is a tasty everyday Chard. Hints of custard and lime give it additional interest, while the finish ends on a citrusy (orange?) note. Drink now.', "The Fairvalley Chardonnay begins with aromas of lemon, pear and spice, and on the palate, offers citrusy, spicy flavors that are both refreshing and appealing. Though not the most complex wine, it's a good go-to wine for everyday drinking. Solid and well made. END
START HERE Full-bodied, soft in texture and loaded with peach and melon fruit, this is a tasty everyday Chard. Hints of custard and lime give it additional interest, while the finish ends on a citrusy (orange?) note. Drink now.', "The Fairvalley Chardonnay begins with aromas of lemon, pear and spice, and on the palate, offers citrusy, spicy flavors that are both refreshing and appealing. Though not the most complex wine, it's a good go-to wine for everyday drinking. Solid and well made.", 'This is a lightly fruity wine with attractive acidity and citrus and apricot flavors. It is light and lively, fresh and crisp. There is a just a touch of spice and pepper at the end. Drink now. END
START HERE The Fairvalley Chardonnay begins with aromas of lemon, pear and spice, and on the palate, offers citrusy, spicy flavors that are both refreshing and appealing. Though not the most complex wine, it's a good go-to wine for everyday drinking. Solid and well made.", 'This is a lightly fruity wine with attractive acidity and citrus and apricot flavors. It is light and lively, fresh and crisp. There is a just a touch of spice and pepper at the end. Drink now.', 'This ripe and spicy wine has fine tannins and smoky wood flavors that balance its rich black fruit. That indicates it will age well—rich in both structure and fruit. Drink from 2020. END
START HERE This is a lightly fruity wine with attractive acidity and citrus and apricot flavors. It is light and lively, fresh and crisp. There is a just a touch of spice and pepper at the end. Drink now.', 'This ripe and spicy wine has fine tannins and smoky wood flavors that balance its rich black fruit. That indicates it will age well—rich in both structure and fruit. Drink from 2020.', 'Sweet and simple, with jellied blackberry and cherry flavors, harsh tannins and a sugary finish. END
START HERE This ripe and spicy wine has fine tannins and smoky wood flavors that balance its rich black fruit. That indicates it will age well—rich in both structure and fruit. Drink from 2020.', 'Sweet and simple, with jellied blackberry and cherry flavors, harsh tannins and a sugary finish.', 'Lightly candied cherry and raspberry aromas are fresh. This has a ripe, edgy mouthfeel with modest tannins. Cassis, raspberry and blackberry flavors finish soft and friendly, with enough grip to make this serious. END
START HERE Sweet and simple, with jellied blackberry and cherry flavors, harsh tannins and a sugary finish.', 'Lightly candied cherry and raspberry aromas are fresh. This has a ripe, edgy mouthfeel with modest tannins. Cassis, raspberry and blackberry flavors finish soft and friendly, with enough grip to make this serious.', 'Fairly neutral on the nose, but clean and easy to get into. The palate offers good acidity and vitality for Maule SB, with tropical fruit leading the flavor profile followed by pithy green notes. Overall this is a good value white. END
START HERE Lightly candied cherry and raspberry aromas are fresh. This has a ripe, edgy mouthfeel with modest tannins. Cassis, raspberry and blackberry flavors finish soft and friendly, with enough grip to make this serious.', 'Fairly neutral on the nose, but clean and easy to get into. The palate offers good acidity and vitality for Maule SB, with tropical fruit leading the flavor profile followed by pithy green notes. Overall this is a good value white.', 'Grapefruit aromas, bright kiwi and apple flavors and appetizing acidity make a lively, refreshing wine. This will be thirst-quenching on hot summer days and good with seafood, goat cheese and many other dishes any time of the year. END
START HERE Fairly neutral on the nose, but clean and easy to get into. The palate offers good acidity and vitality for Maule SB, with tropical fruit leading the flavor profile followed by pithy green notes. Overall this is a good value white.', 'Grapefruit aromas, bright kiwi and apple flavors and appetizing acidity make a lively, refreshing wine. This will be thirst-quenching on hot summer days and good with seafood, goat cheese and many other dishes any time of the year.', 'Good price for a dry summer blush wine for drinking with barbecue, sandwiches or just about anything easy. With berry and spice flavors, it has a nice bite of acidity. END
START HERE Grapefruit aromas, bright kiwi and apple flavors and appetizing acidity make a lively, refreshing wine. This will be thirst-quenching on hot summer days and good with seafood, goat cheese and many other dishes any time of the year.', 'Good price for a dry summer blush wine for drinking with barbecue, sandwiches or just about anything easy. With berry and spice flavors, it has a nice bite of acidity.', 'Penetrating aromas suggest lemon oil and citrus blossom, with a hint of terpene. This is the driest version of this wine to date, with residual sugar down around 0.5%. Pear skin, pear flesh and citrus carry it through a lengthy finish. END
START HERE Good price for a dry summer blush wine for drinking with barbecue, sandwiches or just about anything easy. With berry and spice flavors, it has a nice bite of acidity.', 'Penetrating aromas suggest lemon oil and citrus blossom, with a hint of terpene. This is the driest version of this wine to date, with residual sugar down around 0.5%. Pear skin, pear flesh and citrus carry it through a lengthy finish.', "Something seems off here, or perhaps it is just a young wine throwing off some bottling aromas. In any event, it's thin, simple and sugary, without the complexity of the excellent 2010. END
START HERE Penetrating aromas suggest lemon oil and citrus blossom, with a hint of terpene. This is the driest version of this wine to date, with residual sugar down around 0.5%. Pear skin, pear flesh and citrus carry it through a lengthy finish.', "Something seems off here, or perhaps it is just a young wine throwing off some bottling aromas. In any event, it's thin, simple and sugary, without the complexity of the excellent 2010.", 'Great value for the price, with blackberry marmalade, moo shu plum sauce, tobacco, leather and pepper flavors that turn richly tannic and spicy in the finish. Shows lots of elegance and finesse. END
START HERE Something seems off here, or perhaps it is just a young wine throwing off some bottling aromas. In any event, it's thin, simple and sugary, without the complexity of the excellent 2010.", 'Great value for the price, with blackberry marmalade, moo shu plum sauce, tobacco, leather and pepper flavors that turn richly tannic and spicy in the finish. Shows lots of elegance and finesse.', 'Expressive, not expensive, this has an appetizing mixture of spice, herb and smoke aromas, plenty of blackberry and raspberry flavors, and a soothing texture. It smells like black pepper, dried thyme and wood smoke, then turns more fruity in the mouth. It is medium bodied and slightly soft in balance. END
START HERE Great value for the price, with blackberry marmalade, moo shu plum sauce, tobacco, leather and pepper flavors that turn richly tannic and spicy in the finish. Shows lots of elegance and finesse.', 'Expressive, not expensive, this has an appetizing mixture of spice, herb and smoke aromas, plenty of blackberry and raspberry flavors, and a soothing texture. It smells like black pepper, dried thyme and wood smoke, then turns more fruity in the mouth. It is medium bodied and slightly soft in balance.', "Citrusy but also salinic, with mildly tart and lean lime and orange flavors. There's a touch of canned fruit character to the feel, with grapefruit on the finish. Juicy in the middle but limited. END
START HERE Expressive, not expensive, this has an appetizing mixture of spice, herb and smoke aromas, plenty of blackberry and raspberry flavors, and a soothing texture. It smells like black pepper, dried thyme and wood smoke, then turns more fruity in the mouth. It is medium bodied and slightly soft in balance.', "Citrusy but also salinic, with mildly tart and lean lime and orange flavors. There's a touch of canned fruit character to the feel, with grapefruit on the finish. Juicy in the middle but limited.", 'Dry and full-bodied, this clean Merlot has enough varietal character to satisfy. It offers blackberry and currant flavors that are touched by a bit of oak. END
START HERE Citrusy but also salinic, with mildly tart and lean lime and orange flavors. There's a touch of canned fruit character to the feel, with grapefruit on the finish. Juicy in the middle but limited.", 'Dry and full-bodied, this clean Merlot has enough varietal character to satisfy. It offers blackberry and currant flavors that are touched by a bit of oak.', 'Lemon-lime and bathroom cleanser aromas are tropical but a bit false. This feels medium to full but lacks character on the palate. Orange and persimmon flavors finish salty but not overly so. END
START HERE Dry and full-bodied, this clean Merlot has enough varietal character to satisfy. It offers blackberry and currant flavors that are touched by a bit of oak.', 'Lemon-lime and bathroom cleanser aromas are tropical but a bit false. This feels medium to full but lacks character on the palate. Orange and persimmon flavors finish salty but not overly so.', 'Dark in color, this rosé made from Grenache grapes is quite sour and a little off-balance, though the bottle it comes in is very pretty. END
START HERE Lemon-lime and bathroom cleanser aromas are tropical but a bit false. This feels medium to full but lacks character on the palate. Orange and persimmon flavors finish salty but not overly so.', 'Dark in color, this rosé made from Grenache grapes is quite sour and a little off-balance, though the bottle it comes in is very pretty.', "Slightly earthy and herbal smelling but with enough clean fruit on the nose to make the grade. The palate is fairly flush, with blackberry, baked notes and bitter chocolate flavors. Fleshy and warm overall, with a thick finish that's lightly peppery and toasty. END
START HERE Dark in color, this rosé made from Grenache grapes is quite sour and a little off-balance, though the bottle it comes in is very pretty.', "Slightly earthy and herbal smelling but with enough clean fruit on the nose to make the grade. The palate is fairly flush, with blackberry, baked notes and bitter chocolate flavors. Fleshy and warm overall, with a thick finish that's lightly peppery and toasty.", "The bouquet delivers moderate citrus and snap, while the palate offers midlevel varietal flavors of lime and generic citrus. There's a smattering of green-herb character, while the finish is peppery, light, a touch watery but fresh. Drink soon and it should elicit more smiles than frowns. END
START HERE Slightly earthy and herbal smelling but with enough clean fruit on the nose to make the grade. The palate is fairly flush, with blackberry, baked notes and bitter chocolate flavors. Fleshy and warm overall, with a thick finish that's lightly peppery and toasty.", "The bouquet delivers moderate citrus and snap, while the palate offers midlevel varietal flavors of lime and generic citrus. There's a smattering of green-herb character, while the finish is peppery, light, a touch watery but fresh. Drink soon and it should elicit more smiles than frowns.", 'Luscious peach and mango flavors with a hint of fresh green peas mark this wine. It has enough acidity to balance the ripeness. END
START HERE The bouquet delivers moderate citrus and snap, while the palate offers midlevel varietal flavors of lime and generic citrus. There's a smattering of green-herb character, while the finish is peppery, light, a touch watery but fresh. Drink soon and it should elicit more smiles than frowns.", 'Luscious peach and mango flavors with a hint of fresh green peas mark this wine. It has enough acidity to balance the ripeness.', 'The Chartrons is the neighborhood of Bordeaux where the wine merchants traditionally worked. This branded Bordeaux is softly ripe, with an attractive density along with a dry core of tannins. Ready to drink now. END
START HERE Luscious peach and mango flavors with a hint of fresh green peas mark this wine. It has enough acidity to balance the ripeness.', 'The Chartrons is the neighborhood of Bordeaux where the wine merchants traditionally worked. This branded Bordeaux is softly ripe, with an attractive density along with a dry core of tannins. Ready to drink now.', "This straightforward, very varietal wine has aromas of grass, kiwi, herb, citrus peel and pineapple. It's medium bodied, with tart, lively flavors that put a focus on elegance and acid expression. END
START HERE The Chartrons is the neighborhood of Bordeaux where the wine merchants traditionally worked. This branded Bordeaux is softly ripe, with an attractive density along with a dry core of tannins. Ready to drink now.', "This straightforward, very varietal wine has aromas of grass, kiwi, herb, citrus peel and pineapple. It's medium bodied, with tart, lively flavors that put a focus on elegance and acid expression.", 'Hints of overripe peach and mealy apple indicate a rich, ripe style of rosé, but are immediately followed by accents of green melon, plum and menthol, adding balance and tension. Medium weight, with ample acidity that keeps the ripe fruit flavors balanced and refreshing through the finish. END
START HERE This straightforward, very varietal wine has aromas of grass, kiwi, herb, citrus peel and pineapple. It's medium bodied, with tart, lively flavors that put a focus on elegance and acid expression.", 'Hints of overripe peach and mealy apple indicate a rich, ripe style of rosé, but are immediately followed by accents of green melon, plum and menthol, adding balance and tension. Medium weight, with ample acidity that keeps the ripe fruit flavors balanced and refreshing through the finish.', "The meaty, spicy aromas of this medium-bodied wine are quickly followed by a flood of ripe, grapy fruit flavors that seem lightly sweet as they coat the sides of the mouth. It's big in flavor and rather soft and easy in texture. END
START HERE Hints of overripe peach and mealy apple indicate a rich, ripe style of rosé, but are immediately followed by accents of green melon, plum and menthol, adding balance and tension. Medium weight, with ample acidity that keeps the ripe fruit flavors balanced and refreshing through the finish.', "The meaty, spicy aromas of this medium-bodied wine are quickly followed by a flood of ripe, grapy fruit flavors that seem lightly sweet as they coat the sides of the mouth. It's big in flavor and rather soft and easy in texture.", 'A maderized gold color and oxidized aromas are not inviting. This feel heavy and clunky, with oily, nutty tasting white-fruit flavors. An almondy bitterness drives the finish. END
START HERE The meaty, spicy aromas of this medium-bodied wine are quickly followed by a flood of ripe, grapy fruit flavors that seem lightly sweet as they coat the sides of the mouth. It's big in flavor and rather soft and easy in texture.", 'A maderized gold color and oxidized aromas are not inviting. This feel heavy and clunky, with oily, nutty tasting white-fruit flavors. An almondy bitterness drives the finish.', 'The chalky limestone soil of Pic St. Loup allows the fruit to shine without being overpowering, translating into lively aromas and flavors of fresh red berries, nectarine, banana and ripe pineapple chunks supported by nuances of talcum and sweet pea. The creamy texture and medium weight are somewhat surprising for this aesthetically light rosé, and with the lingering finish and well-balanced acidity. END
START HERE A maderized gold color and oxidized aromas are not inviting. This feel heavy and clunky, with oily, nutty tasting white-fruit flavors. An almondy bitterness drives the finish.', 'The chalky limestone soil of Pic St. Loup allows the fruit to shine without being overpowering, translating into lively aromas and flavors of fresh red berries, nectarine, banana and ripe pineapple chunks supported by nuances of talcum and sweet pea. The creamy texture and medium weight are somewhat surprising for this aesthetically light rosé, and with the lingering finish and well-balanced acidity.', "This wine would be a great value even for more money. It's bone dry, soft and extremely balanced, with cherry, black currant, plum and carob flavors that are grounded with a nice, sweet edge of fresh herbs and tobacco. END
START HERE The chalky limestone soil of Pic St. Loup allows the fruit to shine without being overpowering, translating into lively aromas and flavors of fresh red berries, nectarine, banana and ripe pineapple chunks supported by nuances of talcum and sweet pea. The creamy texture and medium weight are somewhat surprising for this aesthetically light rosé, and with the lingering finish and well-balanced acidity.', "This wine would be a great value even for more money. It's bone dry, soft and extremely balanced, with cherry, black currant, plum and carob flavors that are grounded with a nice, sweet edge of fresh herbs and tobacco.", "It's well-suited for supplying a big party where there are lots of different tastes to please. A soft texture and almost sweet butter and apple flavors make this a light confection. END
START HERE This wine would be a great value even for more money. It's bone dry, soft and extremely balanced, with cherry, black currant, plum and carob flavors that are grounded with a nice, sweet edge of fresh herbs and tobacco.", "It's well-suited for supplying a big party where there are lots of different tastes to please. A soft texture and almost sweet butter and apple flavors make this a light confection.", 'Red in color, with fresh aromas of nectarine, orange peel and red currant. For a 2010 this is still fresh and sturdy, with cleansing acidity and focused flavors of citrus and red berry fruit. Eminently drinkable, with a long finish for basic rosé. Drink immediately. END
START HERE It's well-suited for supplying a big party where there are lots of different tastes to please. A soft texture and almost sweet butter and apple flavors make this a light confection.", 'Red in color, with fresh aromas of nectarine, orange peel and red currant. For a 2010 this is still fresh and sturdy, with cleansing acidity and focused flavors of citrus and red berry fruit. Eminently drinkable, with a long finish for basic rosé. Drink immediately.', 'Flat and somewhat disjointed, this wine offers a strong taste of eucalyptus in a light-bodied, simply structured frame. END
START HERE Red in color, with fresh aromas of nectarine, orange peel and red currant. For a 2010 this is still fresh and sturdy, with cleansing acidity and focused flavors of citrus and red berry fruit. Eminently drinkable, with a long finish for basic rosé. Drink immediately.', 'Flat and somewhat disjointed, this wine offers a strong taste of eucalyptus in a light-bodied, simply structured frame.', 'A plain jane nose of woods and garrigue adds some juicy, surprisingly dense fruit in the mouth along with plush tannins. The moderate finish is cassis-infused. Try with spare ribs. END
START HERE Flat and somewhat disjointed, this wine offers a strong taste of eucalyptus in a light-bodied, simply structured frame.', 'A plain jane nose of woods and garrigue adds some juicy, surprisingly dense fruit in the mouth along with plush tannins. The moderate finish is cassis-infused. Try with spare ribs.', 'A nicely balanced red blend, this is high toned with smooth tannins and dark cherry and plum flavors amid a twist of black licorice. A fine wine for a crowd or easy mid-week drinking. END
START HERE A plain jane nose of woods and garrigue adds some juicy, surprisingly dense fruit in the mouth along with plush tannins. The moderate finish is cassis-infused. Try with spare ribs.', 'A nicely balanced red blend, this is high toned with smooth tannins and dark cherry and plum flavors amid a twist of black licorice. A fine wine for a crowd or easy mid-week drinking.', "Fresh grass, gooseberry, lime leaf and a touch of melon rind appear on the nose and mouth of this straightforward wine. It's lightweight and easygoing, with brisk acidity and a crisp, refreshing finish. Drink now. END
START HERE A nicely balanced red blend, this is high toned with smooth tannins and dark cherry and plum flavors amid a twist of black licorice. A fine wine for a crowd or easy mid-week drinking.', "Fresh grass, gooseberry, lime leaf and a touch of melon rind appear on the nose and mouth of this straightforward wine. It's lightweight and easygoing, with brisk acidity and a crisp, refreshing finish. Drink now.", "Blossomy and fresh, this off-dry, light-footed Riesling offers a palate full of sweet-tart white-grapefruit flavor. Zesty and spry, it's a refreshing apéritif best enjoyed young. END
START HERE Fresh grass, gooseberry, lime leaf and a touch of melon rind appear on the nose and mouth of this straightforward wine. It's lightweight and easygoing, with brisk acidity and a crisp, refreshing finish. Drink now.", "Blossomy and fresh, this off-dry, light-footed Riesling offers a palate full of sweet-tart white-grapefruit flavor. Zesty and spry, it's a refreshing apéritif best enjoyed young.", 'Too sweet by far for a table wine, with simple, medicinal cherry and blackberry flavors and a harshly tannic mouthfeel. END
START HERE Blossomy and fresh, this off-dry, light-footed Riesling offers a palate full of sweet-tart white-grapefruit flavor. Zesty and spry, it's a refreshing apéritif best enjoyed young.", 'Too sweet by far for a table wine, with simple, medicinal cherry and blackberry flavors and a harshly tannic mouthfeel.', 'An herbal cherry aroma comes with notes of leather and mulchy earth. It feels and tastes dried out, with tart, grating acidity and medicinal, herbal flavors on the finish. END
START HERE Too sweet by far for a table wine, with simple, medicinal cherry and blackberry flavors and a harshly tannic mouthfeel.', 'An herbal cherry aroma comes with notes of leather and mulchy earth. It feels and tastes dried out, with tart, grating acidity and medicinal, herbal flavors on the finish.', 'This red blend offers aromas of black cherry, dried plum and dried cherry. Flavors of red and black plums come with a touch of dark chocolate in the finish. END
START HERE An herbal cherry aroma comes with notes of leather and mulchy earth. It feels and tastes dried out, with tart, grating acidity and medicinal, herbal flavors on the finish.', 'This red blend offers aromas of black cherry, dried plum and dried cherry. Flavors of red and black plums come with a touch of dark chocolate in the finish.', "This is soft and lightly scented with citrus. Aromas of lemon peel precede light flavors of citrus and green apple. It's a simple, quaffable white wine, with a bit of Riesling and Viognier in the blend. END
START HERE This red blend offers aromas of black cherry, dried plum and dried cherry. Flavors of red and black plums come with a touch of dark chocolate in the finish.', "This is soft and lightly scented with citrus. Aromas of lemon peel precede light flavors of citrus and green apple. It's a simple, quaffable white wine, with a bit of Riesling and Viognier in the blend.", "Stalky aromas suggest hay and green herbs, with raspberry in the backdrop. It's hot and short in terms of mouthfeel, with herbal flavors leading the way and berry fruit running behind. Dry red fruit and herbal notes dominate the finish. END
START HERE This is soft and lightly scented with citrus. Aromas of lemon peel precede light flavors of citrus and green apple. It's a simple, quaffable white wine, with a bit of Riesling and Viognier in the blend.", "Stalky aromas suggest hay and green herbs, with raspberry in the backdrop. It's hot and short in terms of mouthfeel, with herbal flavors leading the way and berry fruit running behind. Dry red fruit and herbal notes dominate the finish.", 'Smoky, pungent and earthy, with cola and plum notes that fill the mouth, then turn crisp on the finish. END
START HERE Stalky aromas suggest hay and green herbs, with raspberry in the backdrop. It's hot and short in terms of mouthfeel, with herbal flavors leading the way and berry fruit running behind. Dry red fruit and herbal notes dominate the finish.", 'Smoky, pungent and earthy, with cola and plum notes that fill the mouth, then turn crisp on the finish.', "Opens with oily, hard aromas of peanut brittle and resin. After it airs out, it's lively in the mouth and grabby, with resiny, bitter notes mixing with core citrus flavors. Zesty but pithy on the finish. END
START HERE Smoky, pungent and earthy, with cola and plum notes that fill the mouth, then turn crisp on the finish.', "Opens with oily, hard aromas of peanut brittle and resin. After it airs out, it's lively in the mouth and grabby, with resiny, bitter notes mixing with core citrus flavors. Zesty but pithy on the finish.", 'This generous, fruity and lightly sweet wine should please a crowd with its butter and vanilla aromas, rich apple, pear and baking-spice flavors and rounded mouth-filling texture. END
START HERE Opens with oily, hard aromas of peanut brittle and resin. After it airs out, it's lively in the mouth and grabby, with resiny, bitter notes mixing with core citrus flavors. Zesty but pithy on the finish.", 'This generous, fruity and lightly sweet wine should please a crowd with its butter and vanilla aromas, rich apple, pear and baking-spice flavors and rounded mouth-filling texture.', "This has ripe blackberry and oak flavors. It's dry, full bodied and tannic enough to cut through a rich, ketchup-strewn cheeseburger. END
START HERE This generous, fruity and lightly sweet wine should please a crowd with its butter and vanilla aromas, rich apple, pear and baking-spice flavors and rounded mouth-filling texture.', "This has ripe blackberry and oak flavors. It's dry, full bodied and tannic enough to cut through a rich, ketchup-strewn cheeseburger.", "The aromas bring to mind buttered cashews and pears poached in vanilla syrup. The flavors follow suit, in a medium-bodied wine that's soft and easy to drink but tails off a bit on the finish. END
START HERE This has ripe blackberry and oak flavors. It's dry, full bodied and tannic enough to cut through a rich, ketchup-strewn cheeseburger.", "The aromas bring to mind buttered cashews and pears poached in vanilla syrup. The flavors follow suit, in a medium-bodied wine that's soft and easy to drink but tails off a bit on the finish.", 'This New Mexico Cab offers exotic spice and tobacco on the nose and cigarbox, smoked meat and red berry on the palate. Robust and masculine, it will pair well with grilled steaks, barbecue chicken and spicy cuisine. END
START HERE The aromas bring to mind buttered cashews and pears poached in vanilla syrup. The flavors follow suit, in a medium-bodied wine that's soft and easy to drink but tails off a bit on the finish.", 'This New Mexico Cab offers exotic spice and tobacco on the nose and cigarbox, smoked meat and red berry on the palate. Robust and masculine, it will pair well with grilled steaks, barbecue chicken and spicy cuisine.', 'This is a soft simple wine, full of ripe red fruit. It has a lightly structured edge from the Syrah in the blend while keeping plenty of bright acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE This New Mexico Cab offers exotic spice and tobacco on the nose and cigarbox, smoked meat and red berry on the palate. Robust and masculine, it will pair well with grilled steaks, barbecue chicken and spicy cuisine.', 'This is a soft simple wine, full of ripe red fruit. It has a lightly structured edge from the Syrah in the blend while keeping plenty of bright acidity. Drink now.', 'The Burgundy-based producer has made a fresh, cherry-flavored wine that is identifiably Pinot Noir. It has soft tannins and a dry core, yet is dominated by red fruit and acidity on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE This is a soft simple wine, full of ripe red fruit. It has a lightly structured edge from the Syrah in the blend while keeping plenty of bright acidity. Drink now.', 'The Burgundy-based producer has made a fresh, cherry-flavored wine that is identifiably Pinot Noir. It has soft tannins and a dry core, yet is dominated by red fruit and acidity on the finish. Drink now.', 'Scratchy, raw, spicy aromas of saucy fruit and spearmint lead to a palate with minty green, herb and plum flavors. This is herbal tasting on the finish, which is creamy and jammy in feel. END
START HERE The Burgundy-based producer has made a fresh, cherry-flavored wine that is identifiably Pinot Noir. It has soft tannins and a dry core, yet is dominated by red fruit and acidity on the finish. Drink now.', 'Scratchy, raw, spicy aromas of saucy fruit and spearmint lead to a palate with minty green, herb and plum flavors. This is herbal tasting on the finish, which is creamy and jammy in feel.', 'This is a warm, fruity wine with a flavor profile that fluctuates between citrus and pear qualities. It has vanilla, almond and attractive spice accents, finishing balanced and ready to drink. END
START HERE Scratchy, raw, spicy aromas of saucy fruit and spearmint lead to a palate with minty green, herb and plum flavors. This is herbal tasting on the finish, which is creamy and jammy in feel.', 'This is a warm, fruity wine with a flavor profile that fluctuates between citrus and pear qualities. It has vanilla, almond and attractive spice accents, finishing balanced and ready to drink.', "What a delicious Sauvignon Blanc, and look at that everyday price. It's so easy to like the creamy, yet tart flavors of peaches, with a slight touch of sour lees for complexity. From Mason Cellars, with a case production of 48,000. END
START HERE This is a warm, fruity wine with a flavor profile that fluctuates between citrus and pear qualities. It has vanilla, almond and attractive spice accents, finishing balanced and ready to drink.', "What a delicious Sauvignon Blanc, and look at that everyday price. It's so easy to like the creamy, yet tart flavors of peaches, with a slight touch of sour lees for complexity. From Mason Cellars, with a case production of 48,000.", "Easygoing on the nose, with light melon and green-fruit aromas. Yet it's crisp in the mouth, but sort of choppy and tart as well. The wine is refreshing but short and linear, as if some of the pulp and power were siphoned off. What's left is fresh and lasting, but a little weak in flavor. END
START HERE What a delicious Sauvignon Blanc, and look at that everyday price. It's so easy to like the creamy, yet tart flavors of peaches, with a slight touch of sour lees for complexity. From Mason Cellars, with a case production of 48,000.", "Easygoing on the nose, with light melon and green-fruit aromas. Yet it's crisp in the mouth, but sort of choppy and tart as well. The wine is refreshing but short and linear, as if some of the pulp and power were siphoned off. What's left is fresh and lasting, but a little weak in flavor.", "Slightly sweet and powdery smelling, with simple creaminess to the orange-influenced nose. The palate is solid and plump, with basic citrus flavors that shouldn't steer you wrong. Nice feel and a good but regular finish seal the deal. END
START HERE Easygoing on the nose, with light melon and green-fruit aromas. Yet it's crisp in the mouth, but sort of choppy and tart as well. The wine is refreshing but short and linear, as if some of the pulp and power were siphoned off. What's left is fresh and lasting, but a little weak in flavor.", "Slightly sweet and powdery smelling, with simple creaminess to the orange-influenced nose. The palate is solid and plump, with basic citrus flavors that shouldn't steer you wrong. Nice feel and a good but regular finish seal the deal.", 'Simple, sharp and spicy, this is a generic, all-purpose red wine with some cherry fruit and chewy tannins. END
START HERE Slightly sweet and powdery smelling, with simple creaminess to the orange-influenced nose. The palate is solid and plump, with basic citrus flavors that shouldn't steer you wrong. Nice feel and a good but regular finish seal the deal.", 'Simple, sharp and spicy, this is a generic, all-purpose red wine with some cherry fruit and chewy tannins.', 'A little funky and pickled on the nose, with vanilla and oak aromas. The palate has an average feel and tangy acidity to push citrus, green banana and vanilla flavors. About as regular as Chardonnay gets. END
START HERE Simple, sharp and spicy, this is a generic, all-purpose red wine with some cherry fruit and chewy tannins.', 'A little funky and pickled on the nose, with vanilla and oak aromas. The palate has an average feel and tangy acidity to push citrus, green banana and vanilla flavors. About as regular as Chardonnay gets.', 'Once the sulfur note blows off this young wine, the tart berry and cherry aromas and flavors wear cocoa and tobacco accents. On the tongue an even palate-feel and smooth texture please, and decent acidity supports the fruit. END
START HERE A little funky and pickled on the nose, with vanilla and oak aromas. The palate has an average feel and tangy acidity to push citrus, green banana and vanilla flavors. About as regular as Chardonnay gets.', 'Once the sulfur note blows off this young wine, the tart berry and cherry aromas and flavors wear cocoa and tobacco accents. On the tongue an even palate-feel and smooth texture please, and decent acidity supports the fruit.', 'Inky, punchy blueberry aromas have a leafy, green element going on. This blend of Garnacha Tintorera, Syrah and Monastrell is tannic and round on the palate, with black plum, black currant and salty, herbal flavors. A briny, firm finish with toast, pepper and licorice notes ranks as generous. END
START HERE Once the sulfur note blows off this young wine, the tart berry and cherry aromas and flavors wear cocoa and tobacco accents. On the tongue an even palate-feel and smooth texture please, and decent acidity supports the fruit.', 'Inky, punchy blueberry aromas have a leafy, green element going on. This blend of Garnacha Tintorera, Syrah and Monastrell is tannic and round on the palate, with black plum, black currant and salty, herbal flavors. A briny, firm finish with toast, pepper and licorice notes ranks as generous.', 'This fruit-forward wine offers plenty of ripe plum, cherry and berry aromas and flavors, with accents of black-forest cake and chocolate sauce on the palate. The mouthfeel is easy and refreshing, while the finish is short but clean and refreshing. END
START HERE Inky, punchy blueberry aromas have a leafy, green element going on. This blend of Garnacha Tintorera, Syrah and Monastrell is tannic and round on the palate, with black plum, black currant and salty, herbal flavors. A briny, firm finish with toast, pepper and licorice notes ranks as generous.', 'This fruit-forward wine offers plenty of ripe plum, cherry and berry aromas and flavors, with accents of black-forest cake and chocolate sauce on the palate. The mouthfeel is easy and refreshing, while the finish is short but clean and refreshing.', "Strange smelling, with aromas of exotic spices, blueberry and some other notes that don't come across that well. Feels solid and chunky, with herbal, sweet flavors that culminate in a dry, rubbery, herbal-tasting finish. END
START HERE This fruit-forward wine offers plenty of ripe plum, cherry and berry aromas and flavors, with accents of black-forest cake and chocolate sauce on the palate. The mouthfeel is easy and refreshing, while the finish is short but clean and refreshing.', "Strange smelling, with aromas of exotic spices, blueberry and some other notes that don't come across that well. Feels solid and chunky, with herbal, sweet flavors that culminate in a dry, rubbery, herbal-tasting finish.", 'Owner Daniel Barcelo produces a wine that is soft, fruity and with a forward crispness and red fruit flavor that is generous and fresh. It is a bright, lively and refreshing wine. END
START HERE Strange smelling, with aromas of exotic spices, blueberry and some other notes that don't come across that well. Feels solid and chunky, with herbal, sweet flavors that culminate in a dry, rubbery, herbal-tasting finish.", 'Owner Daniel Barcelo produces a wine that is soft, fruity and with a forward crispness and red fruit flavor that is generous and fresh. It is a bright, lively and refreshing wine.', 'This is a crisp fruity wine with delicious red currants. It has fine acidity as well, with a burst of freshness in the midst of the spicy, ripe wine. Drink this attractive wine now. END
START HERE Owner Daniel Barcelo produces a wine that is soft, fruity and with a forward crispness and red fruit flavor that is generous and fresh. It is a bright, lively and refreshing wine.', 'This is a crisp fruity wine with delicious red currants. It has fine acidity as well, with a burst of freshness in the midst of the spicy, ripe wine. Drink this attractive wine now.', "A red blend from the eastern end of the Entre deux Mers region, this is a smooth and already accessible wine. Attractive black fruits and soft tannins accompany touches of vanilla. It's ready to drink. END
START HERE This is a crisp fruity wine with delicious red currants. It has fine acidity as well, with a burst of freshness in the midst of the spicy, ripe wine. Drink this attractive wine now.', "A red blend from the eastern end of the Entre deux Mers region, this is a smooth and already accessible wine. Attractive black fruits and soft tannins accompany touches of vanilla. It's ready to drink.", "Here's an easy, well-valued red blend of Refosco, Raboso and other indigenous grapes from the Verona area with an approachable, no-fuss disposition and aromas of blueberry, forest floor and lingering sweet spice. It has plush berry flavors and a gritty, raw texture. END
START HERE A red blend from the eastern end of the Entre deux Mers region, this is a smooth and already accessible wine. Attractive black fruits and soft tannins accompany touches of vanilla. It's ready to drink.", "Here's an easy, well-valued red blend of Refosco, Raboso and other indigenous grapes from the Verona area with an approachable, no-fuss disposition and aromas of blueberry, forest floor and lingering sweet spice. It has plush berry flavors and a gritty, raw texture.", 'Muddled notes of ripe berry on the nose come into sharper view on the citrus-focused palate. There is a vestige of tannin and pleasant dryness. Drink soon. END
START HERE Here's an easy, well-valued red blend of Refosco, Raboso and other indigenous grapes from the Verona area with an approachable, no-fuss disposition and aromas of blueberry, forest floor and lingering sweet spice. It has plush berry flavors and a gritty, raw texture.", 'Muddled notes of ripe berry on the nose come into sharper view on the citrus-focused palate. There is a vestige of tannin and pleasant dryness. Drink soon.', 'An attractively balanced, fruity wine that shows to advantage the crisp lightness of 2007. There are red fruits, berries, raspberries, given structure by a core of dry tannins. The acidity and spice roll together in the final taste, with just an edge of green. END
START HERE Muddled notes of ripe berry on the nose come into sharper view on the citrus-focused palate. There is a vestige of tannin and pleasant dryness. Drink soon.', 'An attractively balanced, fruity wine that shows to advantage the crisp lightness of 2007. There are red fruits, berries, raspberries, given structure by a core of dry tannins. The acidity and spice roll together in the final taste, with just an edge of green.', 'Aromas of blue flowers and dark berry lead the nose of this informal blend of Sangiovese and Canaiolo Rosso. The easygoing palate delivers tart red cherry, crushed strawberry and a hint of orange peel alongside bright acidity. END
START HERE An attractively balanced, fruity wine that shows to advantage the crisp lightness of 2007. There are red fruits, berries, raspberries, given structure by a core of dry tannins. The acidity and spice roll together in the final taste, with just an edge of green.', 'Aromas of blue flowers and dark berry lead the nose of this informal blend of Sangiovese and Canaiolo Rosso. The easygoing palate delivers tart red cherry, crushed strawberry and a hint of orange peel alongside bright acidity.', 'The aromas are quite faint here but the apricot flavors are in abundance on this off-dry, medium-bodied easy drinker. END
START HERE Aromas of blue flowers and dark berry lead the nose of this informal blend of Sangiovese and Canaiolo Rosso. The easygoing palate delivers tart red cherry, crushed strawberry and a hint of orange peel alongside bright acidity.', 'The aromas are quite faint here but the apricot flavors are in abundance on this off-dry, medium-bodied easy drinker.', "Modest cherry and strawberry notes appear on the nose and the palate, with some slightly herbal flavors as well. It's light in body, with soft acids and a relatively quick finish. END
START HERE The aromas are quite faint here but the apricot flavors are in abundance on this off-dry, medium-bodied easy drinker.', "Modest cherry and strawberry notes appear on the nose and the palate, with some slightly herbal flavors as well. It's light in body, with soft acids and a relatively quick finish.", 'Looking more like a light red wine than a supposedly pink one, this smells like ripe cherries and boysenberries, has a luscious, smooth texture and a soft, almost sweet finish. END
START HERE Modest cherry and strawberry notes appear on the nose and the palate, with some slightly herbal flavors as well. It's light in body, with soft acids and a relatively quick finish.", 'Looking more like a light red wine than a supposedly pink one, this smells like ripe cherries and boysenberries, has a luscious, smooth texture and a soft, almost sweet finish.', "The name and packaging scream “concept wine,” but what's in the bottle will win you over. It's full and rubbery, with pleasant yet generic berry aromas. The palate is racy and fairly hefty and tannic, with black raspberry, plum and mild herbal flavors. Grabby, with good acidity on the finish. END
START HERE Looking more like a light red wine than a supposedly pink one, this smells like ripe cherries and boysenberries, has a luscious, smooth texture and a soft, almost sweet finish.', "The name and packaging scream “concept wine,” but what's in the bottle will win you over. It's full and rubbery, with pleasant yet generic berry aromas. The palate is racy and fairly hefty and tannic, with black raspberry, plum and mild herbal flavors. Grabby, with good acidity on the finish.", 'Aromas of generic red-berry fruits, leather and a drop of vinegar feed into a grabby palate with medicinal red-berry flavors. This tastes a touch herbal on a standard finish. END
START HERE The name and packaging scream “concept wine,” but what's in the bottle will win you over. It's full and rubbery, with pleasant yet generic berry aromas. The palate is racy and fairly hefty and tannic, with black raspberry, plum and mild herbal flavors. Grabby, with good acidity on the finish.", 'Aromas of generic red-berry fruits, leather and a drop of vinegar feed into a grabby palate with medicinal red-berry flavors. This tastes a touch herbal on a standard finish.', 'Real Syrah character pervades this dry, full-bodied red wine. It has flavors of blackberries, mulberries, charred meat and black pepper, wrapped into firm tannins. This is a great price for such a versatile, food-friendly wine. END
START HERE Aromas of generic red-berry fruits, leather and a drop of vinegar feed into a grabby palate with medicinal red-berry flavors. This tastes a touch herbal on a standard finish.', 'Real Syrah character pervades this dry, full-bodied red wine. It has flavors of blackberries, mulberries, charred meat and black pepper, wrapped into firm tannins. This is a great price for such a versatile, food-friendly wine.', "This great-value SB from Lake County hits it out of the park on all sorts of fronts, including price. It's got subtle aromatics of pear and lemon, and is a little generic and simple, but at $10 it's so perfectly drinkable who cares? All in a colorful package. Best Buy. END
START HERE Real Syrah character pervades this dry, full-bodied red wine. It has flavors of blackberries, mulberries, charred meat and black pepper, wrapped into firm tannins. This is a great price for such a versatile, food-friendly wine.', "This great-value SB from Lake County hits it out of the park on all sorts of fronts, including price. It's got subtle aromatics of pear and lemon, and is a little generic and simple, but at $10 it's so perfectly drinkable who cares? All in a colorful package. Best Buy.", "This is a coppery-tinged, pale-flamingo pink blend of Grenache, Syrah and Merlot that's dry and taut. Crisp flavors of underripe stone fruit and melon provide ample summer refreshment. Drink now. END
START HERE This great-value SB from Lake County hits it out of the park on all sorts of fronts, including price. It's got subtle aromatics of pear and lemon, and is a little generic and simple, but at $10 it's so perfectly drinkable who cares? All in a colorful package. Best Buy.", "This is a coppery-tinged, pale-flamingo pink blend of Grenache, Syrah and Merlot that's dry and taut. Crisp flavors of underripe stone fruit and melon provide ample summer refreshment. Drink now.", 'With a nice opening of plum, black cherry, floral notes and mocha, this captures the essence of quality Mendoza Malbec. The palate is generous and round, if a bit warm, and the flavors of blackberry, prune, spice and coffee are what we want from this type of wine. Drink throughout the winter and into 2010. END
START HERE This is a coppery-tinged, pale-flamingo pink blend of Grenache, Syrah and Merlot that's dry and taut. Crisp flavors of underripe stone fruit and melon provide ample summer refreshment. Drink now.", 'With a nice opening of plum, black cherry, floral notes and mocha, this captures the essence of quality Mendoza Malbec. The palate is generous and round, if a bit warm, and the flavors of blackberry, prune, spice and coffee are what we want from this type of wine. Drink throughout the winter and into 2010.', "You get lots of Zinny character for the money in this wine. It's dry and full-bodied, with currant, raisin, prune, smoked-meat and black-pepper flavors that make it ideal for pairing with barbecued meats slathered in sauce. END
START HERE With a nice opening of plum, black cherry, floral notes and mocha, this captures the essence of quality Mendoza Malbec. The palate is generous and round, if a bit warm, and the flavors of blackberry, prune, spice and coffee are what we want from this type of wine. Drink throughout the winter and into 2010.', "You get lots of Zinny character for the money in this wine. It's dry and full-bodied, with currant, raisin, prune, smoked-meat and black-pepper flavors that make it ideal for pairing with barbecued meats slathered in sauce.", 'A deep pink hue, this boasts aromas of chalk and mineral that accent the red berry and melon core. Flavors of red plum and cherry flesh unfold on the palate, but turn crisp and lifted on the close. END
START HERE You get lots of Zinny character for the money in this wine. It's dry and full-bodied, with currant, raisin, prune, smoked-meat and black-pepper flavors that make it ideal for pairing with barbecued meats slathered in sauce.", 'A deep pink hue, this boasts aromas of chalk and mineral that accent the red berry and melon core. Flavors of red plum and cherry flesh unfold on the palate, but turn crisp and lifted on the close.', 'Wiry and volatile aromas of vinegar and saucy berry fruits fail to impress. This Monastrell-Tempranillo blend is hard and tannic, with murky berry flavors that are also a bit weedy. Heat and a lack of ripeness mar the finish. END
START HERE A deep pink hue, this boasts aromas of chalk and mineral that accent the red berry and melon core. Flavors of red plum and cherry flesh unfold on the palate, but turn crisp and lifted on the close.', 'Wiry and volatile aromas of vinegar and saucy berry fruits fail to impress. This Monastrell-Tempranillo blend is hard and tannic, with murky berry flavors that are also a bit weedy. Heat and a lack of ripeness mar the finish.', 'Foxy plum and other jumpy aromas set up a raw, choppy palate. This Merlot tastes of salty, herbal plum and cherry, while the finish is lasting, which might not be a benefit. END
START HERE Wiry and volatile aromas of vinegar and saucy berry fruits fail to impress. This Monastrell-Tempranillo blend is hard and tannic, with murky berry flavors that are also a bit weedy. Heat and a lack of ripeness mar the finish.', 'Foxy plum and other jumpy aromas set up a raw, choppy palate. This Merlot tastes of salty, herbal plum and cherry, while the finish is lasting, which might not be a benefit.', "This appealing, easy drinker offers notes of vanilla and pear. It's ripe and sweet, fleshy in feel with flavors that lean toward the tropical. END
START HERE Foxy plum and other jumpy aromas set up a raw, choppy palate. This Merlot tastes of salty, herbal plum and cherry, while the finish is lasting, which might not be a benefit.', "This appealing, easy drinker offers notes of vanilla and pear. It's ripe and sweet, fleshy in feel with flavors that lean toward the tropical.", "A very bright, citrusy Sierra Foothills Sauvignon Blanc, very fairly priced, that tastes of cool lemonade on a summer's day. END
START HERE This appealing, easy drinker offers notes of vanilla and pear. It's ripe and sweet, fleshy in feel with flavors that lean toward the tropical.", "A very bright, citrusy Sierra Foothills Sauvignon Blanc, very fairly priced, that tastes of cool lemonade on a summer's day.", "It's easy to like this vibrant Chardonnay for its generous fruit flavors, subtle oak influence  and creamy texture. It smells like a fruit tart and tastes fresh and rich at the same time. The ripe fruit flavors grow on the finish. END
START HERE A very bright, citrusy Sierra Foothills Sauvignon Blanc, very fairly priced, that tastes of cool lemonade on a summer's day.", "It's easy to like this vibrant Chardonnay for its generous fruit flavors, subtle oak influence  and creamy texture. It smells like a fruit tart and tastes fresh and rich at the same time. The ripe fruit flavors grow on the finish.", 'Lightly tannic and packed with raspberry flavors, this delicious wine has just the right balance between the ripe fruits and bright acidity. The wine is totally ready to drink. END
START HERE It's easy to like this vibrant Chardonnay for its generous fruit flavors, subtle oak influence  and creamy texture. It smells like a fruit tart and tastes fresh and rich at the same time. The ripe fruit flavors grow on the finish.", 'Lightly tannic and packed with raspberry flavors, this delicious wine has just the right balance between the ripe fruits and bright acidity. The wine is totally ready to drink.', 'A big, bold, fruity wine, this has great tannins, ripe black-currant fruit and an attractive sense of structure. It has all the juiciness and freshness of 2010, but is a wine for aging over 3–4 years. END
START HERE Lightly tannic and packed with raspberry flavors, this delicious wine has just the right balance between the ripe fruits and bright acidity. The wine is totally ready to drink.', 'A big, bold, fruity wine, this has great tannins, ripe black-currant fruit and an attractive sense of structure. It has all the juiciness and freshness of 2010, but is a wine for aging over 3–4 years.', "Smoke, rubber and spice aromas mix with ripe berry scents to form a solid and impressive bouquet. It's thick and saturated but balanced, with harmonious, easy to like flavors of blackberry and cassis. Long and solid on the finish; captures the essence of value-priced Malbec. END
START HERE A big, bold, fruity wine, this has great tannins, ripe black-currant fruit and an attractive sense of structure. It has all the juiciness and freshness of 2010, but is a wine for aging over 3–4 years.', "Smoke, rubber and spice aromas mix with ripe berry scents to form a solid and impressive bouquet. It's thick and saturated but balanced, with harmonious, easy to like flavors of blackberry and cassis. Long and solid on the finish; captures the essence of value-priced Malbec.", "Although this is heavily oaked, with minty, dark aromas of shoe polish, char and black licorice, it's solid and generous as a whole. Grabby and tannic in feel, but not to an extreme level, this tastes of herbs, charred oak and black fruits. A mild green note works its way onto a woody finish. END
START HERE Smoke, rubber and spice aromas mix with ripe berry scents to form a solid and impressive bouquet. It's thick and saturated but balanced, with harmonious, easy to like flavors of blackberry and cassis. Long and solid on the finish; captures the essence of value-priced Malbec.", "Although this is heavily oaked, with minty, dark aromas of shoe polish, char and black licorice, it's solid and generous as a whole. Grabby and tannic in feel, but not to an extreme level, this tastes of herbs, charred oak and black fruits. A mild green note works its way onto a woody finish.", 'With grapefruit and orange aromas, this is on the ripe side, but the feel is fresh and flavors of citrus, white pepper, arugula and briny melon get the job done. Drink this quaffer soon and it will satisfy; hold it too long and it will lose its fresh character. END
START HERE Although this is heavily oaked, with minty, dark aromas of shoe polish, char and black licorice, it's solid and generous as a whole. Grabby and tannic in feel, but not to an extreme level, this tastes of herbs, charred oak and black fruits. A mild green note works its way onto a woody finish.", 'With grapefruit and orange aromas, this is on the ripe side, but the feel is fresh and flavors of citrus, white pepper, arugula and briny melon get the job done. Drink this quaffer soon and it will satisfy; hold it too long and it will lose its fresh character.', 'Chunky aromas of hay and mealy stone fruits are acceptable. This Sauvignon Blanc has a melony, creamy palate and mealy flavors of melon and papaya that match the bouquet. A yeasty, undefined finish indicates this is past its prime. END
START HERE With grapefruit and orange aromas, this is on the ripe side, but the feel is fresh and flavors of citrus, white pepper, arugula and briny melon get the job done. Drink this quaffer soon and it will satisfy; hold it too long and it will lose its fresh character.', 'Chunky aromas of hay and mealy stone fruits are acceptable. This Sauvignon Blanc has a melony, creamy palate and mealy flavors of melon and papaya that match the bouquet. A yeasty, undefined finish indicates this is past its prime.', "Bright and bold to the eye, this has generous, powerful berry aromas that come with a note of spice. It feels stacked and only slightly tangy, with black fruit and some of Syrah's more textbook flavors of leather and animal. It holds form on the finish. END
START HERE Chunky aromas of hay and mealy stone fruits are acceptable. This Sauvignon Blanc has a melony, creamy palate and mealy flavors of melon and papaya that match the bouquet. A yeasty, undefined finish indicates this is past its prime.', "Bright and bold to the eye, this has generous, powerful berry aromas that come with a note of spice. It feels stacked and only slightly tangy, with black fruit and some of Syrah's more textbook flavors of leather and animal. It holds form on the finish.", "Nothing more than cherry soda aromas to get it going. It's highly confected, with decent acidity its only saving grace. END
START HERE Bright and bold to the eye, this has generous, powerful berry aromas that come with a note of spice. It feels stacked and only slightly tangy, with black fruit and some of Syrah's more textbook flavors of leather and animal. It holds form on the finish.", "Nothing more than cherry soda aromas to get it going. It's highly confected, with decent acidity its only saving grace.", 'Dusty dark-fruit aromas are lusty and full of oaky notes including sawdust and chocolate. This value-priced winner is full, round, saturated and generous on the palate, where savory, resiny black-fruit flavors finish woody in flavor and firm in feel. END
START HERE Nothing more than cherry soda aromas to get it going. It's highly confected, with decent acidity its only saving grace.", 'Dusty dark-fruit aromas are lusty and full of oaky notes including sawdust and chocolate. This value-priced winner is full, round, saturated and generous on the palate, where savory, resiny black-fruit flavors finish woody in flavor and firm in feel.', 'On the nose this is earthy, with grassy aromas touched by flint. The palate offers herbal flavors and fleshy green plums, still with an earthy edge. Ready to drink, the structure just gives finishing weight. END
START HERE Dusty dark-fruit aromas are lusty and full of oaky notes including sawdust and chocolate. This value-priced winner is full, round, saturated and generous on the palate, where savory, resiny black-fruit flavors finish woody in flavor and firm in feel.', 'On the nose this is earthy, with grassy aromas touched by flint. The palate offers herbal flavors and fleshy green plums, still with an earthy edge. Ready to drink, the structure just gives finishing weight.', "Soft and easy-drinking, this plum and cherry Merlot drinks like an older wine, as if it's been gently oxidized. It's probably at its peak, the fruit generous and round, the finish tailing off gently into a Milky Way sort of confection. END
START HERE On the nose this is earthy, with grassy aromas touched by flint. The palate offers herbal flavors and fleshy green plums, still with an earthy edge. Ready to drink, the structure just gives finishing weight.', "Soft and easy-drinking, this plum and cherry Merlot drinks like an older wine, as if it's been gently oxidized. It's probably at its peak, the fruit generous and round, the finish tailing off gently into a Milky Way sort of confection.", "Standard value-priced Chilean Syrah in that it's herbal and leafy on the nose, with a mix of olive, earth, spice and dried red fruit aromas. The palate is a bit stretched out and tannic, while the flavor profile is pure olive, herbs and dried cherry. Finishes solid but herbal. END
START HERE Soft and easy-drinking, this plum and cherry Merlot drinks like an older wine, as if it's been gently oxidized. It's probably at its peak, the fruit generous and round, the finish tailing off gently into a Milky Way sort of confection.", "Standard value-priced Chilean Syrah in that it's herbal and leafy on the nose, with a mix of olive, earth, spice and dried red fruit aromas. The palate is a bit stretched out and tannic, while the flavor profile is pure olive, herbs and dried cherry. Finishes solid but herbal.", 'This medium-sweet rosé is a familiar style of local Portuguese wine. Fruity with raspberry flavor, it gives a slight a prickle on the tongue and has lively acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE Standard value-priced Chilean Syrah in that it's herbal and leafy on the nose, with a mix of olive, earth, spice and dried red fruit aromas. The palate is a bit stretched out and tannic, while the flavor profile is pure olive, herbs and dried cherry. Finishes solid but herbal.", 'This medium-sweet rosé is a familiar style of local Portuguese wine. Fruity with raspberry flavor, it gives a slight a prickle on the tongue and has lively acidity. Drink now.', 'Fruit-bowl aromas, fresh but neutral flavors and a fairly soft texture make this light-bodied wine pleasant and easy to drink. END
START HERE This medium-sweet rosé is a familiar style of local Portuguese wine. Fruity with raspberry flavor, it gives a slight a prickle on the tongue and has lively acidity. Drink now.', 'Fruit-bowl aromas, fresh but neutral flavors and a fairly soft texture make this light-bodied wine pleasant and easy to drink.', "Candied white-fruit aromas are generic and rudimentary. This feels flat and doesn't show much life on the palate. Flavors of canned pear, oak and related spice finish bland. END
START HERE Fruit-bowl aromas, fresh but neutral flavors and a fairly soft texture make this light-bodied wine pleasant and easy to drink.', "Candied white-fruit aromas are generic and rudimentary. This feels flat and doesn't show much life on the palate. Flavors of canned pear, oak and related spice finish bland.", 'Tight, snappy aromas of citric red fruit and lemon peel set up a driving, tight palate with brambly berry, spice and herbal flavors. This shows chocolaty oak on the finish and juicy acidity that ensures freshness and long-lasting flavor. END
START HERE Candied white-fruit aromas are generic and rudimentary. This feels flat and doesn't show much life on the palate. Flavors of canned pear, oak and related spice finish bland.", 'Tight, snappy aromas of citric red fruit and lemon peel set up a driving, tight palate with brambly berry, spice and herbal flavors. This shows chocolaty oak on the finish and juicy acidity that ensures freshness and long-lasting flavor.', "Cecchetti Wine Company makes a lot of Line 39 Sauvignon Blanc, but does it well, offering an affordable wine that tastes great. Grassy and tropical, it's true to Lake County, with just a touch of New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc character. Crisp and easy to drink. END
START HERE Tight, snappy aromas of citric red fruit and lemon peel set up a driving, tight palate with brambly berry, spice and herbal flavors. This shows chocolaty oak on the finish and juicy acidity that ensures freshness and long-lasting flavor.', "Cecchetti Wine Company makes a lot of Line 39 Sauvignon Blanc, but does it well, offering an affordable wine that tastes great. Grassy and tropical, it's true to Lake County, with just a touch of New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc character. Crisp and easy to drink.", 'Get passed the name and label and this is a typical fresh and fruity wine from Gascogne. It is light, herbaceous and immediately drinkable with its lemon and green fruits. Screwcap. END
START HERE Cecchetti Wine Company makes a lot of Line 39 Sauvignon Blanc, but does it well, offering an affordable wine that tastes great. Grassy and tropical, it's true to Lake County, with just a touch of New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc character. Crisp and easy to drink.", 'Get passed the name and label and this is a typical fresh and fruity wine from Gascogne. It is light, herbaceous and immediately drinkable with its lemon and green fruits. Screwcap.', "This luminous wine has a smooth, creamy quality that is reinforced by generous aromas of pineapple, citrus, peach and a dot of vanilla. It tastes fruity and fresh, but doesn't lack in structure, and would pair well with mushroom risotto. END
START HERE Get passed the name and label and this is a typical fresh and fruity wine from Gascogne. It is light, herbaceous and immediately drinkable with its lemon and green fruits. Screwcap.', "This luminous wine has a smooth, creamy quality that is reinforced by generous aromas of pineapple, citrus, peach and a dot of vanilla. It tastes fruity and fresh, but doesn't lack in structure, and would pair well with mushroom risotto.", 'A wine that is well balanced with attractive ripe berry fruits and generous tannins. It has weight and richness, allowing room for the development of both the structure and the fruits. Drink from 2017. END
START HERE This luminous wine has a smooth, creamy quality that is reinforced by generous aromas of pineapple, citrus, peach and a dot of vanilla. It tastes fruity and fresh, but doesn't lack in structure, and would pair well with mushroom risotto.", 'A wine that is well balanced with attractive ripe berry fruits and generous tannins. It has weight and richness, allowing room for the development of both the structure and the fruits. Drink from 2017.', 'Bell pepper and citrus aromas are limited in scope. The palate feels acidic, with quick-hitting flavors of green herbs, bell pepper and tropical fruits. Pyrazine-based flavors of bell pepper and bitter herbs push the finish. END
START HERE A wine that is well balanced with attractive ripe berry fruits and generous tannins. It has weight and richness, allowing room for the development of both the structure and the fruits. Drink from 2017.', 'Bell pepper and citrus aromas are limited in scope. The palate feels acidic, with quick-hitting flavors of green herbs, bell pepper and tropical fruits. Pyrazine-based flavors of bell pepper and bitter herbs push the finish.', 'Pretty aromas of crushed blue flower and red berry lead the nose on this easygoing red. The fresh palate offers up juicy black cherry and savory herb alongside supple tannins and bright acidity. END
START HERE Bell pepper and citrus aromas are limited in scope. The palate feels acidic, with quick-hitting flavors of green herbs, bell pepper and tropical fruits. Pyrazine-based flavors of bell pepper and bitter herbs push the finish.', 'Pretty aromas of crushed blue flower and red berry lead the nose on this easygoing red. The fresh palate offers up juicy black cherry and savory herb alongside supple tannins and bright acidity.', 'Always a consistent rosé from Rioja. The nose is candied but fresh and nice, while the palate is full but standard, with plump melon, citrus and raspberry flavors. Finishes short but sturdy, with balance and good acidity. END
START HERE Pretty aromas of crushed blue flower and red berry lead the nose on this easygoing red. The fresh palate offers up juicy black cherry and savory herb alongside supple tannins and bright acidity.', 'Always a consistent rosé from Rioja. The nose is candied but fresh and nice, while the palate is full but standard, with plump melon, citrus and raspberry flavors. Finishes short but sturdy, with balance and good acidity.', 'Juicy red fruit dominates this wine. It has some firm tannins underneath—just enough to support the delicious raspberry and red-currant flavors. It is maturing well and will be ready to drink from 2017. END
START HERE Always a consistent rosé from Rioja. The nose is candied but fresh and nice, while the palate is full but standard, with plump melon, citrus and raspberry flavors. Finishes short but sturdy, with balance and good acidity.', 'Juicy red fruit dominates this wine. It has some firm tannins underneath—just enough to support the delicious raspberry and red-currant flavors. It is maturing well and will be ready to drink from 2017.', "Like the label says, this red is sweet. It's also full-bodied and fruity. The winery doesn't tell us what the grape mix is, but who cares. Drink and be happy. END
START HERE Juicy red fruit dominates this wine. It has some firm tannins underneath—just enough to support the delicious raspberry and red-currant flavors. It is maturing well and will be ready to drink from 2017.', "Like the label says, this red is sweet. It's also full-bodied and fruity. The winery doesn't tell us what the grape mix is, but who cares. Drink and be happy.", 'Consistently a good value selection, this showcases ripe black-fruit characteristics of cherry, berry and plum, alongside nuances of savory herbs and fresh menthol leaves. Medium weight, with a mouth-filling texture and a slightly chewy finish. END
START HERE Like the label says, this red is sweet. It's also full-bodied and fruity. The winery doesn't tell us what the grape mix is, but who cares. Drink and be happy.", 'Consistently a good value selection, this showcases ripe black-fruit characteristics of cherry, berry and plum, alongside nuances of savory herbs and fresh menthol leaves. Medium weight, with a mouth-filling texture and a slightly chewy finish.', 'Cassis and plum aromas come with a whiff of rubber. This is clean and ripe in feel, with good body and a bit of structure. Flavors of cassis and black cherry show a chocolaty edge in front of a juicy, pure, direct finish. END
START HERE Consistently a good value selection, this showcases ripe black-fruit characteristics of cherry, berry and plum, alongside nuances of savory herbs and fresh menthol leaves. Medium weight, with a mouth-filling texture and a slightly chewy finish.', 'Cassis and plum aromas come with a whiff of rubber. This is clean and ripe in feel, with good body and a bit of structure. Flavors of cassis and black cherry show a chocolaty edge in front of a juicy, pure, direct finish.', 'Calina usually makes a nice value Chardonnay, and this vintage is no different. The wine has a chunky dry-peach opening, which is backed by a round, smooth palate and flavors of sweet pear, baked apple and roasted corn. Honey and orange notes make cameo appearances. Good for the price. END
START HERE Cassis and plum aromas come with a whiff of rubber. This is clean and ripe in feel, with good body and a bit of structure. Flavors of cassis and black cherry show a chocolaty edge in front of a juicy, pure, direct finish.', 'Calina usually makes a nice value Chardonnay, and this vintage is no different. The wine has a chunky dry-peach opening, which is backed by a round, smooth palate and flavors of sweet pear, baked apple and roasted corn. Honey and orange notes make cameo appearances. Good for the price.', 'Made from certified organic grapes, this is a medium-bodied blend of Syrah, Grenache, Mourvèdre and Merlot. Bay leaf and black olive aromas add earthy notes on the palate, giving this ripe, chocolaty wine an anchor in the south of France. Drink now. END
START HERE Calina usually makes a nice value Chardonnay, and this vintage is no different. The wine has a chunky dry-peach opening, which is backed by a round, smooth palate and flavors of sweet pear, baked apple and roasted corn. Honey and orange notes make cameo appearances. Good for the price.', 'Made from certified organic grapes, this is a medium-bodied blend of Syrah, Grenache, Mourvèdre and Merlot. Bay leaf and black olive aromas add earthy notes on the palate, giving this ripe, chocolaty wine an anchor in the south of France. Drink now.', 'Modest citrus, earth and almond notes come up from the glass, and continue in the flavors of this smooth, rounded, and straightforward wine. The balance is on the soft side, and the body is quite light. END
START HERE Made from certified organic grapes, this is a medium-bodied blend of Syrah, Grenache, Mourvèdre and Merlot. Bay leaf and black olive aromas add earthy notes on the palate, giving this ripe, chocolaty wine an anchor in the south of France. Drink now.', 'Modest citrus, earth and almond notes come up from the glass, and continue in the flavors of this smooth, rounded, and straightforward wine. The balance is on the soft side, and the body is quite light.', "There's residual sugar in this wine, to judge by the sweet cherry cola flavors with a hit of alcohol. END
START HERE Modest citrus, earth and almond notes come up from the glass, and continue in the flavors of this smooth, rounded, and straightforward wine. The balance is on the soft side, and the body is quite light.', "There's residual sugar in this wine, to judge by the sweet cherry cola flavors with a hit of alcohol.", 'Fruity like grape jam and blackberry syrup, this is a rich, almost-sweet wine. It has a very dark color, impressive fruit concentration and a smooth texture. END
START HERE There's residual sugar in this wine, to judge by the sweet cherry cola flavors with a hit of alcohol.", 'Fruity like grape jam and blackberry syrup, this is a rich, almost-sweet wine. It has a very dark color, impressive fruit concentration and a smooth texture.', 'The fragrance of black cherries and violet lay the groundwork for flavors of cherry, Fuji apple, eucalyptus, violet and a touch of iodine. Although labeled medium-dry, this blend of two grapes native to Georgia—one red, one white—is truly on the dry side. It is very soft in the mouth, with a nice touch of menthol on the finish. END
START HERE Fruity like grape jam and blackberry syrup, this is a rich, almost-sweet wine. It has a very dark color, impressive fruit concentration and a smooth texture.', 'The fragrance of black cherries and violet lay the groundwork for flavors of cherry, Fuji apple, eucalyptus, violet and a touch of iodine. Although labeled medium-dry, this blend of two grapes native to Georgia—one red, one white—is truly on the dry side. It is very soft in the mouth, with a nice touch of menthol on the finish.', 'A fragrance of crushed violet adds interest to the jammy blackberry, plum and cherry fruit core of this wine. Hints of licorice root, bramble and peppery spice unfold on the creamy palate, with ripe yet gripping tannins that remain on the finish. END
START HERE The fragrance of black cherries and violet lay the groundwork for flavors of cherry, Fuji apple, eucalyptus, violet and a touch of iodine. Although labeled medium-dry, this blend of two grapes native to Georgia—one red, one white—is truly on the dry side. It is very soft in the mouth, with a nice touch of menthol on the finish.', 'A fragrance of crushed violet adds interest to the jammy blackberry, plum and cherry fruit core of this wine. Hints of licorice root, bramble and peppery spice unfold on the creamy palate, with ripe yet gripping tannins that remain on the finish.', "The blue bottle with the banana-colored cork is almost iconic in Oregon. The wine, as always, is far less flashy but perfectly serviceable. It gives fair flavor for your 10 bucks, keeping it simple, sweet and slightly tropical. Don't look for complexity, but if you want a decent, tasting room Riesling, this does the job nicely. END
START HERE A fragrance of crushed violet adds interest to the jammy blackberry, plum and cherry fruit core of this wine. Hints of licorice root, bramble and peppery spice unfold on the creamy palate, with ripe yet gripping tannins that remain on the finish.', "The blue bottle with the banana-colored cork is almost iconic in Oregon. The wine, as always, is far less flashy but perfectly serviceable. It gives fair flavor for your 10 bucks, keeping it simple, sweet and slightly tropical. Don't look for complexity, but if you want a decent, tasting room Riesling, this does the job nicely.", "A solid effort, in the mainstream style that you'll find on many restaurant-chain wine lists. Apricot jelly—not jam—flavors carry through all the way, with a clean, crisp, well-balanced finish. The residual sugar is just under 30 g/L. END
START HERE The blue bottle with the banana-colored cork is almost iconic in Oregon. The wine, as always, is far less flashy but perfectly serviceable. It gives fair flavor for your 10 bucks, keeping it simple, sweet and slightly tropical. Don't look for complexity, but if you want a decent, tasting room Riesling, this does the job nicely.", "A solid effort, in the mainstream style that you'll find on many restaurant-chain wine lists. Apricot jelly—not jam—flavors carry through all the way, with a clean, crisp, well-balanced finish. The residual sugar is just under 30 g/L.", 'Ripe and soft, with a caramelized raspberry flavor. The wine tastes full, spicy and rich, despite its lower alcohol. With its texture, it is for food. END
START HERE A solid effort, in the mainstream style that you'll find on many restaurant-chain wine lists. Apricot jelly—not jam—flavors carry through all the way, with a clean, crisp, well-balanced finish. The residual sugar is just under 30 g/L.", 'Ripe and soft, with a caramelized raspberry flavor. The wine tastes full, spicy and rich, despite its lower alcohol. With its texture, it is for food.', "Recommended with caution. The sample this note is based on was weighty and smooth, with apple and floral notes and then an almosty buttery palate with baked apple and citrus flavors. Oddly, it's a soft, ripe wine that's fading and not showing much Sauvignon Blanc typicity. END
START HERE Ripe and soft, with a caramelized raspberry flavor. The wine tastes full, spicy and rich, despite its lower alcohol. With its texture, it is for food.', "Recommended with caution. The sample this note is based on was weighty and smooth, with apple and floral notes and then an almosty buttery palate with baked apple and citrus flavors. Oddly, it's a soft, ripe wine that's fading and not showing much Sauvignon Blanc typicity.", 'Vegetal, with an asparagus edge to the citrus fruit flavors. That mars this otherwise clean, dry and zesty Chardonnay. END
START HERE Recommended with caution. The sample this note is based on was weighty and smooth, with apple and floral notes and then an almosty buttery palate with baked apple and citrus flavors. Oddly, it's a soft, ripe wine that's fading and not showing much Sauvignon Blanc typicity.", 'Vegetal, with an asparagus edge to the citrus fruit flavors. That mars this otherwise clean, dry and zesty Chardonnay.', "Stemmy and fiery on the nose, with light raspberry aromas. The palate is lightweight and acidic, while the generic palate shows cherry and plum fruit and heat. Plows on through but doesn't register more than the basics. END
START HERE Vegetal, with an asparagus edge to the citrus fruit flavors. That mars this otherwise clean, dry and zesty Chardonnay.', "Stemmy and fiery on the nose, with light raspberry aromas. The palate is lightweight and acidic, while the generic palate shows cherry and plum fruit and heat. Plows on through but doesn't register more than the basics.", "This lovely blend of Sauvignon Blanc, and 14% Roussanne, is as crisp and fresh as its name implies. Bright fruit flavors of lemon, lime, orange and pineapple speak to the success of this unusual blend. It's a bracing, palate-cleansing white wine that will be appealing all year round. END
START HERE Stemmy and fiery on the nose, with light raspberry aromas. The palate is lightweight and acidic, while the generic palate shows cherry and plum fruit and heat. Plows on through but doesn't register more than the basics.", "This lovely blend of Sauvignon Blanc, and 14% Roussanne, is as crisp and fresh as its name implies. Bright fruit flavors of lemon, lime, orange and pineapple speak to the success of this unusual blend. It's a bracing, palate-cleansing white wine that will be appealing all year round.", "Creamier and richer than you'd expect at such a low price, this easy-drinking Chardonnay offers aromas of peach, vanilla, pineapple and coconut butter. Indian or Vietnamese food would make a good match. END
START HERE This lovely blend of Sauvignon Blanc, and 14% Roussanne, is as crisp and fresh as its name implies. Bright fruit flavors of lemon, lime, orange and pineapple speak to the success of this unusual blend. It's a bracing, palate-cleansing white wine that will be appealing all year round.", "Creamier and richer than you'd expect at such a low price, this easy-drinking Chardonnay offers aromas of peach, vanilla, pineapple and coconut butter. Indian or Vietnamese food would make a good match.", 'Aromas of pear and tropical fruit precede lighter-styled flavors that taper toward the finish. END
START HERE Creamier and richer than you'd expect at such a low price, this easy-drinking Chardonnay offers aromas of peach, vanilla, pineapple and coconut butter. Indian or Vietnamese food would make a good match.", 'Aromas of pear and tropical fruit precede lighter-styled flavors that taper toward the finish.', 'For the price, this Chardonnay will do nicely, tasting of very ripe mango and Nilla wafer, an all-around crisp, medium-bodied white with good balance between fruit, and acidity and light alcohol. Will pair deliciously with crab. END
START HERE Aromas of pear and tropical fruit precede lighter-styled flavors that taper toward the finish.', 'For the price, this Chardonnay will do nicely, tasting of very ripe mango and Nilla wafer, an all-around crisp, medium-bodied white with good balance between fruit, and acidity and light alcohol. Will pair deliciously with crab.', "A soft but pretty wine, with notes of yellow florals, orange supremes, sweet grass and a touch of peony. It's balanced and lifted with a good acidic cut to the palate, leading through to a mouthwatering finish laced with white strawberry flavors. END
START HERE For the price, this Chardonnay will do nicely, tasting of very ripe mango and Nilla wafer, an all-around crisp, medium-bodied white with good balance between fruit, and acidity and light alcohol. Will pair deliciously with crab.', "A soft but pretty wine, with notes of yellow florals, orange supremes, sweet grass and a touch of peony. It's balanced and lifted with a good acidic cut to the palate, leading through to a mouthwatering finish laced with white strawberry flavors.", 'Cherry and berry aromas are a bit hot and saucy. This feels chunky and borderline sticky, with hard raspberry and plum flavors. This is marginal, even for basic commercial Cabernet. END
START HERE A soft but pretty wine, with notes of yellow florals, orange supremes, sweet grass and a touch of peony. It's balanced and lifted with a good acidic cut to the palate, leading through to a mouthwatering finish laced with white strawberry flavors.", 'Cherry and berry aromas are a bit hot and saucy. This feels chunky and borderline sticky, with hard raspberry and plum flavors. This is marginal, even for basic commercial Cabernet.', 'Vanilla cookies and sulfuric match stick are about all you can draw from the bouquet. This is flat in feel, with candied, flabby flavors of green fruits. The finish is bland. END
START HERE Cherry and berry aromas are a bit hot and saucy. This feels chunky and borderline sticky, with hard raspberry and plum flavors. This is marginal, even for basic commercial Cabernet.', 'Vanilla cookies and sulfuric match stick are about all you can draw from the bouquet. This is flat in feel, with candied, flabby flavors of green fruits. The finish is bland.', "There's a raw cut of acidity that gives this simple wine a sour taste. On the plus side, it's nice and dry, with some cherry fruit. For the price, it's a helpful introduction to the charms of Pinot Noir. END
START HERE Vanilla cookies and sulfuric match stick are about all you can draw from the bouquet. This is flat in feel, with candied, flabby flavors of green fruits. The finish is bland.', "There's a raw cut of acidity that gives this simple wine a sour taste. On the plus side, it's nice and dry, with some cherry fruit. For the price, it's a helpful introduction to the charms of Pinot Noir.", 'Aromas of white peach, honeysuckle and butterscotch are clean but quite plump on the nose of this widely available bottling. Tons of ripe stone fruit show on the palate, along with juicy apples and warm melons, cut by only the slightest acidity. END
START HERE There's a raw cut of acidity that gives this simple wine a sour taste. On the plus side, it's nice and dry, with some cherry fruit. For the price, it's a helpful introduction to the charms of Pinot Noir.", 'Aromas of white peach, honeysuckle and butterscotch are clean but quite plump on the nose of this widely available bottling. Tons of ripe stone fruit show on the palate, along with juicy apples and warm melons, cut by only the slightest acidity.', 'The wine is unexpectedly perfumed by the addition of Muscat. That gives the wine a full character, including touches of spice and acidity. The wine is unbalanced, the fruit and the spice at odds. END
START HERE Aromas of white peach, honeysuckle and butterscotch are clean but quite plump on the nose of this widely available bottling. Tons of ripe stone fruit show on the palate, along with juicy apples and warm melons, cut by only the slightest acidity.', 'The wine is unexpectedly perfumed by the addition of Muscat. That gives the wine a full character, including touches of spice and acidity. The wine is unbalanced, the fruit and the spice at odds.', 'Darker in color than normal rosé, Bordeaux Clairet also has more richness. This wine is concentrated with vanilla and sweet strawberry flavors, although with a lack of freshness. Treat this as a red wine. END
START HERE The wine is unexpectedly perfumed by the addition of Muscat. That gives the wine a full character, including touches of spice and acidity. The wine is unbalanced, the fruit and the spice at odds.', 'Darker in color than normal rosé, Bordeaux Clairet also has more richness. This wine is concentrated with vanilla and sweet strawberry flavors, although with a lack of freshness. Treat this as a red wine.', 'Citrus and apricot aromas are basic. This feels dilute but fresh. Peppery, slightly bitter and stalky white-fruit flavors finish similarly. END
START HERE Darker in color than normal rosé, Bordeaux Clairet also has more richness. This wine is concentrated with vanilla and sweet strawberry flavors, although with a lack of freshness. Treat this as a red wine.', 'Citrus and apricot aromas are basic. This feels dilute but fresh. Peppery, slightly bitter and stalky white-fruit flavors finish similarly.', "Bitter extraction hinders this wine. It does have some attractive fruitiness in the background, but it's lost amidst all the toughness. The rigid edge will soften, although the wine's fruitiness may well never materialize. END
START HERE Citrus and apricot aromas are basic. This feels dilute but fresh. Peppery, slightly bitter and stalky white-fruit flavors finish similarly.', "Bitter extraction hinders this wine. It does have some attractive fruitiness in the background, but it's lost amidst all the toughness. The rigid edge will soften, although the wine's fruitiness may well never materialize.", "Hard to like this Pinot. It has flavors of beets, cola and asparagus, but it's drinkable. END
START HERE Bitter extraction hinders this wine. It does have some attractive fruitiness in the background, but it's lost amidst all the toughness. The rigid edge will soften, although the wine's fruitiness may well never materialize.", "Hard to like this Pinot. It has flavors of beets, cola and asparagus, but it's drinkable.", 'This light-bodied wine smells fresh and tastes refreshing. It has lemon and herb aromas, delicate citrus flavors, good acidity and a lively mouth-feel. END
START HERE Hard to like this Pinot. It has flavors of beets, cola and asparagus, but it's drinkable.", 'This light-bodied wine smells fresh and tastes refreshing. It has lemon and herb aromas, delicate citrus flavors, good acidity and a lively mouth-feel.', 'Light and sweet, with raspberry jelly flavors and lots of acidity. END
START HERE This light-bodied wine smells fresh and tastes refreshing. It has lemon and herb aromas, delicate citrus flavors, good acidity and a lively mouth-feel.', 'Light and sweet, with raspberry jelly flavors and lots of acidity.', 'Wet earth, pine needle and floral aromas and assertive menthol and lanolin flavors lend a bold, unorthodox personality to this full-bodied wine-in-a-can. END
START HERE Light and sweet, with raspberry jelly flavors and lots of acidity.', 'Wet earth, pine needle and floral aromas and assertive menthol and lanolin flavors lend a bold, unorthodox personality to this full-bodied wine-in-a-can.', "A very soft, fruity wine, with a gentle, creamy texture and light acidity. It's fresh with vanilla and pear flavors, and ready to drink. END
START HERE Wet earth, pine needle and floral aromas and assertive menthol and lanolin flavors lend a bold, unorthodox personality to this full-bodied wine-in-a-can.', "A very soft, fruity wine, with a gentle, creamy texture and light acidity. It's fresh with vanilla and pear flavors, and ready to drink.", "A nosing reveals pineapple juice; it's a bit too forward and sharp. In the mouth, lemony flavors mix with buttery oak. It finishes heavier than it should, but still it's pretty clean. In total, it's simple, juicy, properly acidic white wine, but nothing more. END
START HERE A very soft, fruity wine, with a gentle, creamy texture and light acidity. It's fresh with vanilla and pear flavors, and ready to drink.", "A nosing reveals pineapple juice; it's a bit too forward and sharp. In the mouth, lemony flavors mix with buttery oak. It finishes heavier than it should, but still it's pretty clean. In total, it's simple, juicy, properly acidic white wine, but nothing more.", 'Black and charred at first, with licorice, asphalt and a touch of bacon on the bouquet. The palate is soft, soupy and round, with ripe, saturated berry and fig flavors. Finishes spicy and full, with chewy tannins and ample extract. END
START HERE A nosing reveals pineapple juice; it's a bit too forward and sharp. In the mouth, lemony flavors mix with buttery oak. It finishes heavier than it should, but still it's pretty clean. In total, it's simple, juicy, properly acidic white wine, but nothing more.", 'Black and charred at first, with licorice, asphalt and a touch of bacon on the bouquet. The palate is soft, soupy and round, with ripe, saturated berry and fig flavors. Finishes spicy and full, with chewy tannins and ample extract.', 'This opens with prickly herbal-plum and red-fruit aromas. The palate feels blocky, with thick tannins, and the flavor profile offers black fruit in front of a resiny, dry finish that comes with overt oak influence. END
START HERE Black and charred at first, with licorice, asphalt and a touch of bacon on the bouquet. The palate is soft, soupy and round, with ripe, saturated berry and fig flavors. Finishes spicy and full, with chewy tannins and ample extract.', 'This opens with prickly herbal-plum and red-fruit aromas. The palate feels blocky, with thick tannins, and the flavor profile offers black fruit in front of a resiny, dry finish that comes with overt oak influence.', "A little rough all the way along, with olive, black cherry and blackberry aromas yielding to mildly tart berry flavors. Acidity is jumpy and twangy, making the wine a little hot and streaky. But that intensity will serve it well if you're drinking it with a burger or skirt steak. Imported by Excelsior Wine & Spirits. END
START HERE This opens with prickly herbal-plum and red-fruit aromas. The palate feels blocky, with thick tannins, and the flavor profile offers black fruit in front of a resiny, dry finish that comes with overt oak influence.', "A little rough all the way along, with olive, black cherry and blackberry aromas yielding to mildly tart berry flavors. Acidity is jumpy and twangy, making the wine a little hot and streaky. But that intensity will serve it well if you're drinking it with a burger or skirt steak. Imported by Excelsior Wine & Spirits.", "Warm, earthy and stewed smelling, but then sharp and tangy and acidic in the mouth. Red fruits are dominant, but there's a persistent scour to the wine that doesn't allow it to get to the next level of quality or ripeness. END
START HERE A little rough all the way along, with olive, black cherry and blackberry aromas yielding to mildly tart berry flavors. Acidity is jumpy and twangy, making the wine a little hot and streaky. But that intensity will serve it well if you're drinking it with a burger or skirt steak. Imported by Excelsior Wine & Spirits.", "Warm, earthy and stewed smelling, but then sharp and tangy and acidic in the mouth. Red fruits are dominant, but there's a persistent scour to the wine that doesn't allow it to get to the next level of quality or ripeness.", "Here's a basic, Santa Barbara Chardonnay that shows off the region's cool-climate friendliness to the variety. It's dry and crisp and creamy, with pineapple, lime and oak flavors. END
START HERE Warm, earthy and stewed smelling, but then sharp and tangy and acidic in the mouth. Red fruits are dominant, but there's a persistent scour to the wine that doesn't allow it to get to the next level of quality or ripeness.", "Here's a basic, Santa Barbara Chardonnay that shows off the region's cool-climate friendliness to the variety. It's dry and crisp and creamy, with pineapple, lime and oak flavors.", 'This has light, pretty cherry and raspberry fruit flavors, forward and slightly sweet. The acids are chewy and puckery—acidification?—and therefore the finish is rather citric and sharp. The addition of 25% Cabernet Sauvignon may have also contributed. END
START HERE Here's a basic, Santa Barbara Chardonnay that shows off the region's cool-climate friendliness to the variety. It's dry and crisp and creamy, with pineapple, lime and oak flavors.", 'This has light, pretty cherry and raspberry fruit flavors, forward and slightly sweet. The acids are chewy and puckery—acidification?—and therefore the finish is rather citric and sharp. The addition of 25% Cabernet Sauvignon may have also contributed.', 'Simple and sweet, like a mango, pineapple and peach fruit juice blend. Not much going on, but will appeal to lots of Chard lovers at this price. Production was half a million cases. END
START HERE This has light, pretty cherry and raspberry fruit flavors, forward and slightly sweet. The acids are chewy and puckery—acidification?—and therefore the finish is rather citric and sharp. The addition of 25% Cabernet Sauvignon may have also contributed.', 'Simple and sweet, like a mango, pineapple and peach fruit juice blend. Not much going on, but will appeal to lots of Chard lovers at this price. Production was half a million cases.', 'Quite viscous, with creamy peach, melon and pear flavors at its core. An odd mineral note sticks out, though, while the finish could use a touch more acidity. END
START HERE Simple and sweet, like a mango, pineapple and peach fruit juice blend. Not much going on, but will appeal to lots of Chard lovers at this price. Production was half a million cases.', 'Quite viscous, with creamy peach, melon and pear flavors at its core. An odd mineral note sticks out, though, while the finish could use a touch more acidity.', 'This overall good, refreshing Chard is a go-to white for everyday sipping. On the nose, citrus, apples, and fresh Chardonnay fruit leads, and on the palate, straightforward fruit is both elegant and approachable. The finish is substantial. Pair with poultry, seafood, or sip alone. END
START HERE Quite viscous, with creamy peach, melon and pear flavors at its core. An odd mineral note sticks out, though, while the finish could use a touch more acidity.', 'This overall good, refreshing Chard is a go-to white for everyday sipping. On the nose, citrus, apples, and fresh Chardonnay fruit leads, and on the palate, straightforward fruit is both elegant and approachable. The finish is substantial. Pair with poultry, seafood, or sip alone.', "Offers cracker and wheat aromas, and light white stone-fruit flavors that seem coated in confectioner's sugar, or talc. Perhaps it's the “unwooded” designation talking, but this wine seems a little light, and not much like Chardonnay. END
START HERE This overall good, refreshing Chard is a go-to white for everyday sipping. On the nose, citrus, apples, and fresh Chardonnay fruit leads, and on the palate, straightforward fruit is both elegant and approachable. The finish is substantial. Pair with poultry, seafood, or sip alone.', "Offers cracker and wheat aromas, and light white stone-fruit flavors that seem coated in confectioner's sugar, or talc. Perhaps it's the “unwooded” designation talking, but this wine seems a little light, and not much like Chardonnay.", "While the nose is pungent and true to the variety, there isn't much else positive to say about this cypher of a Sauvignon Blanc. The palate is plump yet fizzy, while the flavor profile offers citrus, bitterness and nothing more. END
START HERE Offers cracker and wheat aromas, and light white stone-fruit flavors that seem coated in confectioner's sugar, or talc. Perhaps it's the “unwooded” designation talking, but this wine seems a little light, and not much like Chardonnay.", "While the nose is pungent and true to the variety, there isn't much else positive to say about this cypher of a Sauvignon Blanc. The palate is plump yet fizzy, while the flavor profile offers citrus, bitterness and nothing more.", "Dense and syrupy like black cherry juice, this semisweet Romanian Pinot Noir is not a wine with much finesse, but if you're looking for a sugary red wine low in tannins and acidity, this is right up your alley. END
START HERE While the nose is pungent and true to the variety, there isn't much else positive to say about this cypher of a Sauvignon Blanc. The palate is plump yet fizzy, while the flavor profile offers citrus, bitterness and nothing more.", "Dense and syrupy like black cherry juice, this semisweet Romanian Pinot Noir is not a wine with much finesse, but if you're looking for a sugary red wine low in tannins and acidity, this is right up your alley.", 'Vibrant and expressive, this offers initial aromas of blackberry, cassis and boysenberry that are matched with spicy hints of licorice root, black pepepr and cigar-box spice. The palate is round and slightly creamy, but framed by medium tannins and a long, toasty finish. END
START HERE Dense and syrupy like black cherry juice, this semisweet Romanian Pinot Noir is not a wine with much finesse, but if you're looking for a sugary red wine low in tannins and acidity, this is right up your alley.", 'Vibrant and expressive, this offers initial aromas of blackberry, cassis and boysenberry that are matched with spicy hints of licorice root, black pepepr and cigar-box spice. The palate is round and slightly creamy, but framed by medium tannins and a long, toasty finish.', 'The fruit is apricot through and through, concentrated and thick. This is softer and less acidic than most Washington Rieslings, with suggestions of butter and caramel. It should be chilled a bit to firm it up. END
START HERE Vibrant and expressive, this offers initial aromas of blackberry, cassis and boysenberry that are matched with spicy hints of licorice root, black pepepr and cigar-box spice. The palate is round and slightly creamy, but framed by medium tannins and a long, toasty finish.', 'The fruit is apricot through and through, concentrated and thick. This is softer and less acidic than most Washington Rieslings, with suggestions of butter and caramel. It should be chilled a bit to firm it up.', "There's a sea of basic Cabernet that comes out of Chile every year. This is very much one of the generic, forgettable ones. Expect light cherry and cassis aromas and flavors, and a mouthfeel that's mildly acidic and scratchy. END
START HERE The fruit is apricot through and through, concentrated and thick. This is softer and less acidic than most Washington Rieslings, with suggestions of butter and caramel. It should be chilled a bit to firm it up.', "There's a sea of basic Cabernet that comes out of Chile every year. This is very much one of the generic, forgettable ones. Expect light cherry and cassis aromas and flavors, and a mouthfeel that's mildly acidic and scratchy.", "Warm while also fresh, this rounded wine is full of red fruits, lit up by a touch of spice and freshened with acidity. Clean and crisp, it's just bursting with fruit at the end. END
START HERE There's a sea of basic Cabernet that comes out of Chile every year. This is very much one of the generic, forgettable ones. Expect light cherry and cassis aromas and flavors, and a mouthfeel that's mildly acidic and scratchy.", "Warm while also fresh, this rounded wine is full of red fruits, lit up by a touch of spice and freshened with acidity. Clean and crisp, it's just bursting with fruit at the end.", 'This is a dry wine, ruled by tannins. It is firm, the juicy fruit underneath needs time. It will have a juicy future, so wait until late 2018. END
START HERE Warm while also fresh, this rounded wine is full of red fruits, lit up by a touch of spice and freshened with acidity. Clean and crisp, it's just bursting with fruit at the end.", 'This is a dry wine, ruled by tannins. It is firm, the juicy fruit underneath needs time. It will have a juicy future, so wait until late 2018.', 'Oaky and smoky, this Cab is perfumed and intensely tannic with a bitter coffee-like finish. END
START HERE This is a dry wine, ruled by tannins. It is firm, the juicy fruit underneath needs time. It will have a juicy future, so wait until late 2018.', 'Oaky and smoky, this Cab is perfumed and intensely tannic with a bitter coffee-like finish.', 'This has a white pepper flavor, plus acids and green tannins that join forces to make the palate feel jagged. With its berry and currant flavors, this needs to be paired with rich meats and cheeses for balance. END
START HERE Oaky and smoky, this Cab is perfumed and intensely tannic with a bitter coffee-like finish.', 'This has a white pepper flavor, plus acids and green tannins that join forces to make the palate feel jagged. With its berry and currant flavors, this needs to be paired with rich meats and cheeses for balance.', 'The wine is all about fruit with only a passing reference to tannins. Red berry flavors come with just a dash of minerality and a firmer, wood-aged core. Drink from 2016. END
START HERE This has a white pepper flavor, plus acids and green tannins that join forces to make the palate feel jagged. With its berry and currant flavors, this needs to be paired with rich meats and cheeses for balance.', 'The wine is all about fruit with only a passing reference to tannins. Red berry flavors come with just a dash of minerality and a firmer, wood-aged core. Drink from 2016.', 'Rubbery, tarry, herbal berry aromas lead to a fresh, lean, somewhat acidic palate. Flavors of plum, red currant and green herbs finish with zest and juicy acidity. END
START HERE The wine is all about fruit with only a passing reference to tannins. Red berry flavors come with just a dash of minerality and a firmer, wood-aged core. Drink from 2016.', 'Rubbery, tarry, herbal berry aromas lead to a fresh, lean, somewhat acidic palate. Flavors of plum, red currant and green herbs finish with zest and juicy acidity.', 'Aromas of jalapeno peppers, thistle and pine needles raise questions about ripeness while not exactly rolling out the welcome mat. That said, the wine is surprisingly sweet, with orange and lemon flavors. Finally, a thick texture runs in contrast to the lean nose, ultimately leaving one confused and asking: Is this really Sauvignon Blanc?. END
START HERE Rubbery, tarry, herbal berry aromas lead to a fresh, lean, somewhat acidic palate. Flavors of plum, red currant and green herbs finish with zest and juicy acidity.', 'Aromas of jalapeno peppers, thistle and pine needles raise questions about ripeness while not exactly rolling out the welcome mat. That said, the wine is surprisingly sweet, with orange and lemon flavors. Finally, a thick texture runs in contrast to the lean nose, ultimately leaving one confused and asking: Is this really Sauvignon Blanc?', 'Pretty generic-tasting but basically good, a dry red wine with considerable tannins and acids that frame herbal cherry flavors. END
START HERE Aromas of jalapeno peppers, thistle and pine needles raise questions about ripeness while not exactly rolling out the welcome mat. That said, the wine is surprisingly sweet, with orange and lemon flavors. Finally, a thick texture runs in contrast to the lean nose, ultimately leaving one confused and asking: Is this really Sauvignon Blanc?', 'Pretty generic-tasting but basically good, a dry red wine with considerable tannins and acids that frame herbal cherry flavors.', 'Light and tropical on the nose, this is flabby on the palate and tastes dull and sweet, with a creamy aftertaste and low acidity. END
START HERE Pretty generic-tasting but basically good, a dry red wine with considerable tannins and acids that frame herbal cherry flavors.', 'Light and tropical on the nose, this is flabby on the palate and tastes dull and sweet, with a creamy aftertaste and low acidity.', "Notes of sour apple and lemon accompany this wine's dialed-high acidity. Priced to sell, it'll suffice in certain settings as an apéritif or quaffer with snacks. END
START HERE Light and tropical on the nose, this is flabby on the palate and tastes dull and sweet, with a creamy aftertaste and low acidity.', "Notes of sour apple and lemon accompany this wine's dialed-high acidity. Priced to sell, it'll suffice in certain settings as an apéritif or quaffer with snacks.", "Although it's not very aromatic, the nose on this wine is easygoing, with mild peach and apple aromas. It feels fresh and medium bodied, with apple, peach and melony flavors, the latter perhaps due to the blend's 14% white Carmenère. It shows mellow oak notes and latent acidity on the finish. END
START HERE Notes of sour apple and lemon accompany this wine's dialed-high acidity. Priced to sell, it'll suffice in certain settings as an apéritif or quaffer with snacks.", "Although it's not very aromatic, the nose on this wine is easygoing, with mild peach and apple aromas. It feels fresh and medium bodied, with apple, peach and melony flavors, the latter perhaps due to the blend's 14% white Carmenère. It shows mellow oak notes and latent acidity on the finish.", 'Blackberry aromas are oaky, with accents of mocha, sweet plastic and vanilla. A medium-bodied palate is slightly scratchy, while flavors of herbal plum and berry fruits show sweet, resiny oak and mint on the finish. END
START HERE Although it's not very aromatic, the nose on this wine is easygoing, with mild peach and apple aromas. It feels fresh and medium bodied, with apple, peach and melony flavors, the latter perhaps due to the blend's 14% white Carmenère. It shows mellow oak notes and latent acidity on the finish.", 'Blackberry aromas are oaky, with accents of mocha, sweet plastic and vanilla. A medium-bodied palate is slightly scratchy, while flavors of herbal plum and berry fruits show sweet, resiny oak and mint on the finish.', "An inexpensive, large-production Pinot that's overly earthy and a little thin on the finish with a smidgen of residual sugar thrown in too, but reasonably priced and decently quaffable with food. END
START HERE Blackberry aromas are oaky, with accents of mocha, sweet plastic and vanilla. A medium-bodied palate is slightly scratchy, while flavors of herbal plum and berry fruits show sweet, resiny oak and mint on the finish.', "An inexpensive, large-production Pinot that's overly earthy and a little thin on the finish with a smidgen of residual sugar thrown in too, but reasonably priced and decently quaffable with food.", 'Light and mostly neutral smelling, with a hint of pear and apple. The palate is zesty, lean and well cut, however the flavors are more pithy and bitter, with orange and nectarine notes. Finishes hot and peppery. END
START HERE An inexpensive, large-production Pinot that's overly earthy and a little thin on the finish with a smidgen of residual sugar thrown in too, but reasonably priced and decently quaffable with food.", 'Light and mostly neutral smelling, with a hint of pear and apple. The palate is zesty, lean and well cut, however the flavors are more pithy and bitter, with orange and nectarine notes. Finishes hot and peppery.', 'Vibrant aromas of red berry, vanilla and spice gives this Cabernet from Bulgaria an energetic start. A soft, mouthfilling style of dry red with flavors of pepper, leather and vanilla, the wine has style and substance, but is not overly complicated. A good go-to red for heartier dishes. END
START HERE Light and mostly neutral smelling, with a hint of pear and apple. The palate is zesty, lean and well cut, however the flavors are more pithy and bitter, with orange and nectarine notes. Finishes hot and peppery.', 'Vibrant aromas of red berry, vanilla and spice gives this Cabernet from Bulgaria an energetic start. A soft, mouthfilling style of dry red with flavors of pepper, leather and vanilla, the wine has style and substance, but is not overly complicated. A good go-to red for heartier dishes.', 'Mild aromas of red fruits are pleasant but somewhat neutral. Flavors of black fruits come with herbal notes, and on the finish, this blend of several grapes has a good feel and solid flavors of minty berry and oak. END
START HERE Vibrant aromas of red berry, vanilla and spice gives this Cabernet from Bulgaria an energetic start. A soft, mouthfilling style of dry red with flavors of pepper, leather and vanilla, the wine has style and substance, but is not overly complicated. A good go-to red for heartier dishes.', 'Mild aromas of red fruits are pleasant but somewhat neutral. Flavors of black fruits come with herbal notes, and on the finish, this blend of several grapes has a good feel and solid flavors of minty berry and oak.', 'Classic aromas of cassis and black cherries dominate this impressive effort from the south of France. Sinewy tannins and good concentration make for a fine balance in the mouth while notes of earth and mineral persist on the finish. Drink up. END
START HERE Mild aromas of red fruits are pleasant but somewhat neutral. Flavors of black fruits come with herbal notes, and on the finish, this blend of several grapes has a good feel and solid flavors of minty berry and oak.', 'Classic aromas of cassis and black cherries dominate this impressive effort from the south of France. Sinewy tannins and good concentration make for a fine balance in the mouth while notes of earth and mineral persist on the finish. Drink up.', 'Jammy berry aromas are pleasant and only slightly rubbery. This baby Monastrell (with 15% Syrah) is fresh but choppy and gritty in feel. Pure plum and cherry flavors finish with a medicinal note and lasting acidity. END
START HERE Classic aromas of cassis and black cherries dominate this impressive effort from the south of France. Sinewy tannins and good concentration make for a fine balance in the mouth while notes of earth and mineral persist on the finish. Drink up.', 'Jammy berry aromas are pleasant and only slightly rubbery. This baby Monastrell (with 15% Syrah) is fresh but choppy and gritty in feel. Pure plum and cherry flavors finish with a medicinal note and lasting acidity.', "With no vintage or appellation other than Italy, this cheerful blend of Primitivo, Montepulciano, Nero d'Avola and Merlot represents a blend that's sourced from sites across southern Italy. The nose shows jammy raspberry aromas while the close is soft and chewy. END
START HERE Jammy berry aromas are pleasant and only slightly rubbery. This baby Monastrell (with 15% Syrah) is fresh but choppy and gritty in feel. Pure plum and cherry flavors finish with a medicinal note and lasting acidity.', "With no vintage or appellation other than Italy, this cheerful blend of Primitivo, Montepulciano, Nero d'Avola and Merlot represents a blend that's sourced from sites across southern Italy. The nose shows jammy raspberry aromas while the close is soft and chewy.", 'Very young, juicy, loaded with boysenberry and black cherry fruit. There is a strong streak of licorice, hints of tobacco and vanilla, but plenty of muscle and stiff tannins. A substantial effort, this ranks at the top of the list of Washington Cabernet Sauvignon priced under $10. END
START HERE With no vintage or appellation other than Italy, this cheerful blend of Primitivo, Montepulciano, Nero d'Avola and Merlot represents a blend that's sourced from sites across southern Italy. The nose shows jammy raspberry aromas while the close is soft and chewy.", 'Very young, juicy, loaded with boysenberry and black cherry fruit. There is a strong streak of licorice, hints of tobacco and vanilla, but plenty of muscle and stiff tannins. A substantial effort, this ranks at the top of the list of Washington Cabernet Sauvignon priced under $10.', "Textured and mineral, this crisp wine has some lively acidity as well as raspberry fruitiness. It's totally ready for the summer. END
START HERE Very young, juicy, loaded with boysenberry and black cherry fruit. There is a strong streak of licorice, hints of tobacco and vanilla, but plenty of muscle and stiff tannins. A substantial effort, this ranks at the top of the list of Washington Cabernet Sauvignon priced under $10.', "Textured and mineral, this crisp wine has some lively acidity as well as raspberry fruitiness. It's totally ready for the summer.", 'Frankly sweet, this Riesling, made only from cool coastal grapes, benefits from crisp acidity. The tartness balances the sugary peach, citrus and honeysuckle flavors. END
START HERE Textured and mineral, this crisp wine has some lively acidity as well as raspberry fruitiness. It's totally ready for the summer.", 'Frankly sweet, this Riesling, made only from cool coastal grapes, benefits from crisp acidity. The tartness balances the sugary peach, citrus and honeysuckle flavors.', 'Interesting scents of spice, herb and pine mix with tropical pineapple fruit. It all leads into a buttery finish, delivering a lot of flavor for the price. Barrel fermented, malolactic and sur lie aging—the full Monty. END
START HERE Frankly sweet, this Riesling, made only from cool coastal grapes, benefits from crisp acidity. The tartness balances the sugary peach, citrus and honeysuckle flavors.', 'Interesting scents of spice, herb and pine mix with tropical pineapple fruit. It all leads into a buttery finish, delivering a lot of flavor for the price. Barrel fermented, malolactic and sur lie aging—the full Monty.', "Get a case of this and make it your house wine for easy drinking. It's dry and spicy, and has enough cherry, berry and cola flavors to satisfy your tastebuds. END
START HERE Interesting scents of spice, herb and pine mix with tropical pineapple fruit. It all leads into a buttery finish, delivering a lot of flavor for the price. Barrel fermented, malolactic and sur lie aging—the full Monty.', "Get a case of this and make it your house wine for easy drinking. It's dry and spicy, and has enough cherry, berry and cola flavors to satisfy your tastebuds.", 'With fairly muted fruit flavors and a hint of green pepper, this lighter-bodied and easy-drinking wine will pair well with most meat or chicken entrées. Flash-pasteurized and mevushal, this is a blend of 50% Cab, 30% Merlot and 20% Shiraz. END
START HERE Get a case of this and make it your house wine for easy drinking. It's dry and spicy, and has enough cherry, berry and cola flavors to satisfy your tastebuds.", 'With fairly muted fruit flavors and a hint of green pepper, this lighter-bodied and easy-drinking wine will pair well with most meat or chicken entrées. Flash-pasteurized and mevushal, this is a blend of 50% Cab, 30% Merlot and 20% Shiraz.', 'A blend of Pinot Noir and Touriga Nacional, this is a smoothly ripe wine. Its cherry and spice flavors are given just a hint of structure built by a tannic edge. This soft juicy wine is ready to drink. END
START HERE With fairly muted fruit flavors and a hint of green pepper, this lighter-bodied and easy-drinking wine will pair well with most meat or chicken entrées. Flash-pasteurized and mevushal, this is a blend of 50% Cab, 30% Merlot and 20% Shiraz.', 'A blend of Pinot Noir and Touriga Nacional, this is a smoothly ripe wine. Its cherry and spice flavors are given just a hint of structure built by a tannic edge. This soft juicy wine is ready to drink.', 'Ripe, loamy berry aromas are soft at heart but are picked up by lemony oak scents in this wine. Flavors of raisin, baked berry, herbs and oak finish on the woody, resiny side. END
START HERE A blend of Pinot Noir and Touriga Nacional, this is a smoothly ripe wine. Its cherry and spice flavors are given just a hint of structure built by a tannic edge. This soft juicy wine is ready to drink.', 'Ripe, loamy berry aromas are soft at heart but are picked up by lemony oak scents in this wine. Flavors of raisin, baked berry, herbs and oak finish on the woody, resiny side.', "Good price for a nice, dry Cabernet with so much fruit. It's forward in ripe blackberry, blueberry and cherry jam flavors, with a rich coat of smoky oak. END
START HERE Ripe, loamy berry aromas are soft at heart but are picked up by lemony oak scents in this wine. Flavors of raisin, baked berry, herbs and oak finish on the woody, resiny side.', "Good price for a nice, dry Cabernet with so much fruit. It's forward in ripe blackberry, blueberry and cherry jam flavors, with a rich coat of smoky oak.", "Citrus and peach aromas are basic but clean. The palate starts out fresh and easy before losing some steam, but along the way there's peach, green apple and dry melon flavors. Good for a simple, tropical-style white wine. END
START HERE Good price for a nice, dry Cabernet with so much fruit. It's forward in ripe blackberry, blueberry and cherry jam flavors, with a rich coat of smoky oak.", "Citrus and peach aromas are basic but clean. The palate starts out fresh and easy before losing some steam, but along the way there's peach, green apple and dry melon flavors. Good for a simple, tropical-style white wine.", "This is dry, silky and easy, with pleasant berry, tobacco and spice flavors. It's not complicated—just a fine, affordable sipper. END
START HERE Citrus and peach aromas are basic but clean. The palate starts out fresh and easy before losing some steam, but along the way there's peach, green apple and dry melon flavors. Good for a simple, tropical-style white wine.", "This is dry, silky and easy, with pleasant berry, tobacco and spice flavors. It's not complicated—just a fine, affordable sipper.", 'This easy-to-drink blend of 50% Shiraz, 35% Cabernet Sauvignon and 15% Petit Verdot starts off jammy, with black cherry liqueur and clove notes before settling down and developing some interesting peach and mocha nuances. The persistent finish, lined with velvety tannins, makes it stand out from the crowd. Best Buy. —J.C. END
START HERE This is dry, silky and easy, with pleasant berry, tobacco and spice flavors. It's not complicated—just a fine, affordable sipper.", 'This easy-to-drink blend of 50% Shiraz, 35% Cabernet Sauvignon and 15% Petit Verdot starts off jammy, with black cherry liqueur and clove notes before settling down and developing some interesting peach and mocha nuances. The persistent finish, lined with velvety tannins, makes it stand out from the crowd. Best Buy. —J.C.', 'This wine starts with a soft, harmonious nose of cherry, cinnamon and pepper, and the flavors, though a touch tart and thin, offer a good spicy midpalate and elegant overall character. END
START HERE This easy-to-drink blend of 50% Shiraz, 35% Cabernet Sauvignon and 15% Petit Verdot starts off jammy, with black cherry liqueur and clove notes before settling down and developing some interesting peach and mocha nuances. The persistent finish, lined with velvety tannins, makes it stand out from the crowd. Best Buy. —J.C.', 'This wine starts with a soft, harmonious nose of cherry, cinnamon and pepper, and the flavors, though a touch tart and thin, offer a good spicy midpalate and elegant overall character.', 'Sweet orange and ripe melon notes fill the nose and plump mouth, while additional accents of apple skin and soft toast carry through to the clean finish. Drink now. END
START HERE This wine starts with a soft, harmonious nose of cherry, cinnamon and pepper, and the flavors, though a touch tart and thin, offer a good spicy midpalate and elegant overall character.', 'Sweet orange and ripe melon notes fill the nose and plump mouth, while additional accents of apple skin and soft toast carry through to the clean finish. Drink now.', 'This friendly, likeable wine offers approachable, slightly sweet flavors—fruity and fresh—that are not complex but will pair well with food. END
START HERE Sweet orange and ripe melon notes fill the nose and plump mouth, while additional accents of apple skin and soft toast carry through to the clean finish. Drink now.', 'This friendly, likeable wine offers approachable, slightly sweet flavors—fruity and fresh—that are not complex but will pair well with food.', "Here's your basic Sierra Zin, slightly sweet and rustic, with edgy tannins and minty, green pepper flavors. Riper notes of blackberries, cherries and raspberries help the score. END
START HERE This friendly, likeable wine offers approachable, slightly sweet flavors—fruity and fresh—that are not complex but will pair well with food.', "Here's your basic Sierra Zin, slightly sweet and rustic, with edgy tannins and minty, green pepper flavors. Riper notes of blackberries, cherries and raspberries help the score.", 'Burnt rubber, roasted generic berry and rooty tobacco aromas define the nose, which sets up a tangy, sharp, angular palate that shows little more than tart, quick cherry and raspberry flavors. Short and light on the finish. END
START HERE Here's your basic Sierra Zin, slightly sweet and rustic, with edgy tannins and minty, green pepper flavors. Riper notes of blackberries, cherries and raspberries help the score.", 'Burnt rubber, roasted generic berry and rooty tobacco aromas define the nose, which sets up a tangy, sharp, angular palate that shows little more than tart, quick cherry and raspberry flavors. Short and light on the finish.', 'Thoroughly oaky and spicy, this full-bodied wine smells toasty and smoky. Flavors suggest nutmeg, cinnamon and smoked meat, followed by tangy and fresh black cherry. END
START HERE Burnt rubber, roasted generic berry and rooty tobacco aromas define the nose, which sets up a tangy, sharp, angular palate that shows little more than tart, quick cherry and raspberry flavors. Short and light on the finish.', 'Thoroughly oaky and spicy, this full-bodied wine smells toasty and smoky. Flavors suggest nutmeg, cinnamon and smoked meat, followed by tangy and fresh black cherry.', 'Full bodied and viscous on the palate, the wine is balanced by bright acidity that gives it good focus. Peach, grapefruit, apple and spice notes are at the core here, followed by a lemony fresh finish. Quite fruity in style and fairly sweet. Try it as an aperitif or with duck and sweet sauces. END
START HERE Thoroughly oaky and spicy, this full-bodied wine smells toasty and smoky. Flavors suggest nutmeg, cinnamon and smoked meat, followed by tangy and fresh black cherry.', 'Full bodied and viscous on the palate, the wine is balanced by bright acidity that gives it good focus. Peach, grapefruit, apple and spice notes are at the core here, followed by a lemony fresh finish. Quite fruity in style and fairly sweet. Try it as an aperitif or with duck and sweet sauces.', "Easy to drink for its ripe, jammy blackberry and cherry flavors. It's a simple wine, with brisk acidity for balance. The price is right for what you get. END
START HERE Full bodied and viscous on the palate, the wine is balanced by bright acidity that gives it good focus. Peach, grapefruit, apple and spice notes are at the core here, followed by a lemony fresh finish. Quite fruity in style and fairly sweet. Try it as an aperitif or with duck and sweet sauces.', "Easy to drink for its ripe, jammy blackberry and cherry flavors. It's a simple wine, with brisk acidity for balance. The price is right for what you get.", 'An elegant white with a nose that combines zippy citrus, minerals and a touch of guava. The palate offers clean and spritzy character with a wave of rounding tropical fruit and a spin of spice. Pair with spicy food—think Indian or Thai. END
START HERE Easy to drink for its ripe, jammy blackberry and cherry flavors. It's a simple wine, with brisk acidity for balance. The price is right for what you get.", 'An elegant white with a nose that combines zippy citrus, minerals and a touch of guava. The palate offers clean and spritzy character with a wave of rounding tropical fruit and a spin of spice. Pair with spicy food—think Indian or Thai.', 'Notes of cedar, paper and leather carry to the cassis laden palate, with meat juices and a hint of plum. Light in weight, with talcy tannins, this wine is straightforward and an easy drinking entertainer. END
START HERE An elegant white with a nose that combines zippy citrus, minerals and a touch of guava. The palate offers clean and spritzy character with a wave of rounding tropical fruit and a spin of spice. Pair with spicy food—think Indian or Thai.', 'Notes of cedar, paper and leather carry to the cassis laden palate, with meat juices and a hint of plum. Light in weight, with talcy tannins, this wine is straightforward and an easy drinking entertainer.', 'Soft, fruity and simple, a somewhat bitter wine marked by cherry, cola and herb flavors. Turns supple and silky on the finish. END
START HERE Notes of cedar, paper and leather carry to the cassis laden palate, with meat juices and a hint of plum. Light in weight, with talcy tannins, this wine is straightforward and an easy drinking entertainer.', 'Soft, fruity and simple, a somewhat bitter wine marked by cherry, cola and herb flavors. Turns supple and silky on the finish.', 'Green aromas of oregano and basil blend with tomato and red plum. It feels grabby and thick, with heavy flavors of carob and herb-accented red berry. END
START HERE Soft, fruity and simple, a somewhat bitter wine marked by cherry, cola and herb flavors. Turns supple and silky on the finish.', 'Green aromas of oregano and basil blend with tomato and red plum. It feels grabby and thick, with heavy flavors of carob and herb-accented red berry.', 'Light, minty, savory aromas of Middle Eastern spices accent basic berry aromas. In the mouth, this is a touch flat. Flavors of herbal, peppery plum and berry fruits finish dry but hollow. The blend is 70% Malbec with 15% each of Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
START HERE Green aromas of oregano and basil blend with tomato and red plum. It feels grabby and thick, with heavy flavors of carob and herb-accented red berry.', 'Light, minty, savory aromas of Middle Eastern spices accent basic berry aromas. In the mouth, this is a touch flat. Flavors of herbal, peppery plum and berry fruits finish dry but hollow. The blend is 70% Malbec with 15% each of Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon.', 'Made “without the influence of oak maturation,” and it shows.  A very good, clean, interesting wine with fresh peach and citrus flavors, medium body and pretty floral aromas. Not complicated, but pleasant. Finishes with chalk and a little sweetness. END
START HERE Light, minty, savory aromas of Middle Eastern spices accent basic berry aromas. In the mouth, this is a touch flat. Flavors of herbal, peppery plum and berry fruits finish dry but hollow. The blend is 70% Malbec with 15% each of Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon.', 'Made “without the influence of oak maturation,” and it shows.  A very good, clean, interesting wine with fresh peach and citrus flavors, medium body and pretty floral aromas. Not complicated, but pleasant. Finishes with chalk and a little sweetness.', 'Subtle minerality lends surprising elegance to this otherwise buoyantly fruity wine. Succulent, soft yellow peach and apricot flavors are brightened by streaks of lemony acidity on the midpalate. The finish is refreshingly brisk. Drink now through 2018. END
START HERE Made “without the influence of oak maturation,” and it shows.  A very good, clean, interesting wine with fresh peach and citrus flavors, medium body and pretty floral aromas. Not complicated, but pleasant. Finishes with chalk and a little sweetness.', 'Subtle minerality lends surprising elegance to this otherwise buoyantly fruity wine. Succulent, soft yellow peach and apricot flavors are brightened by streaks of lemony acidity on the midpalate. The finish is refreshingly brisk. Drink now through 2018.', 'The nose is murky and overdone, seemingly a victim of the rainy 2002 harvest. The palate is heavy and dark, with sweet plum and berry fruit, but not the pulsating, pure type normally sought. END
START HERE Subtle minerality lends surprising elegance to this otherwise buoyantly fruity wine. Succulent, soft yellow peach and apricot flavors are brightened by streaks of lemony acidity on the midpalate. The finish is refreshingly brisk. Drink now through 2018.', 'The nose is murky and overdone, seemingly a victim of the rainy 2002 harvest. The palate is heavy and dark, with sweet plum and berry fruit, but not the pulsating, pure type normally sought.', 'Hailing from the cool 2010 vintage, the notes of coffee, olive and cherry here are light and sweet, backed by dry, chalky tannins. END
START HERE The nose is murky and overdone, seemingly a victim of the rainy 2002 harvest. The palate is heavy and dark, with sweet plum and berry fruit, but not the pulsating, pure type normally sought.', 'Hailing from the cool 2010 vintage, the notes of coffee, olive and cherry here are light and sweet, backed by dry, chalky tannins.', 'Incongruous but with good intentions. The nose features cherry LifeSaver aromas but also hints of cheese and leather. The palate is modest and fairly acute as it delivers tangy, stretched-out plum and raspberry flavors. END
START HERE Hailing from the cool 2010 vintage, the notes of coffee, olive and cherry here are light and sweet, backed by dry, chalky tannins.', 'Incongruous but with good intentions. The nose features cherry LifeSaver aromas but also hints of cheese and leather. The palate is modest and fairly acute as it delivers tangy, stretched-out plum and raspberry flavors.', "Despite its modest alcohol level, this doesn't come across as lean or undernourished. Instead, it delivers a fair bit of weight (is there some residual sugar?), green fruit flavors of apples, figs and limes, and a lime-zest finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Incongruous but with good intentions. The nose features cherry LifeSaver aromas but also hints of cheese and leather. The palate is modest and fairly acute as it delivers tangy, stretched-out plum and raspberry flavors.', "Despite its modest alcohol level, this doesn't come across as lean or undernourished. Instead, it delivers a fair bit of weight (is there some residual sugar?), green fruit flavors of apples, figs and limes, and a lime-zest finish. Drink now.", 'The spark of freshly cut lime and lemon is met by riper notions of yellow Mirabelle and Reine Claude plums. There is delicacy and slenderness but above all a bracing clean, sprightly character. Utterly refreshing. END
START HERE Despite its modest alcohol level, this doesn't come across as lean or undernourished. Instead, it delivers a fair bit of weight (is there some residual sugar?), green fruit flavors of apples, figs and limes, and a lime-zest finish. Drink now.", 'The spark of freshly cut lime and lemon is met by riper notions of yellow Mirabelle and Reine Claude plums. There is delicacy and slenderness but above all a bracing clean, sprightly character. Utterly refreshing.', 'This a bit sweet, with flavors of pineapple, orange and buttered that are brightened by brisk Central Coast acidity. END
START HERE The spark of freshly cut lime and lemon is met by riper notions of yellow Mirabelle and Reine Claude plums. There is delicacy and slenderness but above all a bracing clean, sprightly character. Utterly refreshing.', 'This a bit sweet, with flavors of pineapple, orange and buttered that are brightened by brisk Central Coast acidity.', 'Sweet and soft, this has pineapple, orange and vanilla flavors. The firm acidity helps to maintain some balance. END
START HERE This a bit sweet, with flavors of pineapple, orange and buttered that are brightened by brisk Central Coast acidity.', 'Sweet and soft, this has pineapple, orange and vanilla flavors. The firm acidity helps to maintain some balance.', 'This is a simple, rustic wine, with flavors of raspberry and cherry. END
START HERE Sweet and soft, this has pineapple, orange and vanilla flavors. The firm acidity helps to maintain some balance.', 'This is a simple, rustic wine, with flavors of raspberry and cherry.', 'A lot of Chilean Cabernets seem to have a distinct weediness to them; this is a perfect example of the style, boasting green hay and herb aromas over subdued—almost stewed—cassis fruit. Some tart acidity keeps things lively on the finish. END
START HERE This is a simple, rustic wine, with flavors of raspberry and cherry.', 'A lot of Chilean Cabernets seem to have a distinct weediness to them; this is a perfect example of the style, boasting green hay and herb aromas over subdued—almost stewed—cassis fruit. Some tart acidity keeps things lively on the finish.', "This easy-drinking, value-minded wine offers notes of plum, tobacco, bell pepper and green herbs, with a vanilla top note. It's straightforward in style, with clunky tannins. END
START HERE A lot of Chilean Cabernets seem to have a distinct weediness to them; this is a perfect example of the style, boasting green hay and herb aromas over subdued—almost stewed—cassis fruit. Some tart acidity keeps things lively on the finish.', "This easy-drinking, value-minded wine offers notes of plum, tobacco, bell pepper and green herbs, with a vanilla top note. It's straightforward in style, with clunky tannins.", "There's absolutely nothing wrong with this very affordable, concentrated and trimly built wine. Earth and sage aromas lead to bright black cherry and plum flavors, with a typically firm texture for the varietal. END
START HERE This easy-drinking, value-minded wine offers notes of plum, tobacco, bell pepper and green herbs, with a vanilla top note. It's straightforward in style, with clunky tannins.", "There's absolutely nothing wrong with this very affordable, concentrated and trimly built wine. Earth and sage aromas lead to bright black cherry and plum flavors, with a typically firm texture for the varietal.", 'On the nose, the red berry aromas are rough and scratchy. The palate feels acidic and clipped, with tart flavors of red plum, cranberry and pie cherry. The finish is long and acidic. END
START HERE There's absolutely nothing wrong with this very affordable, concentrated and trimly built wine. Earth and sage aromas lead to bright black cherry and plum flavors, with a typically firm texture for the varietal.", 'On the nose, the red berry aromas are rough and scratchy. The palate feels acidic and clipped, with tart flavors of red plum, cranberry and pie cherry. The finish is long and acidic.', 'Neutral on the nose except for a spot of peach and citrus. The palate is soft and chunky, with generic citrus flavors that suggest passion fruit and grapefruit. Turns a little mealy on the finish, so drink ASAP. END
START HERE On the nose, the red berry aromas are rough and scratchy. The palate feels acidic and clipped, with tart flavors of red plum, cranberry and pie cherry. The finish is long and acidic.', 'Neutral on the nose except for a spot of peach and citrus. The palate is soft and chunky, with generic citrus flavors that suggest passion fruit and grapefruit. Turns a little mealy on the finish, so drink ASAP.', "A bit narrow and medicinal, but overall this Cab delivers reasonably good cherry and herbal berry aromas and flavors along with some oak, coconut, citric acid and earth. It's a touch muddled and all over the map, but for $10 it's a pretty good wine. END
START HERE Neutral on the nose except for a spot of peach and citrus. The palate is soft and chunky, with generic citrus flavors that suggest passion fruit and grapefruit. Turns a little mealy on the finish, so drink ASAP.', "A bit narrow and medicinal, but overall this Cab delivers reasonably good cherry and herbal berry aromas and flavors along with some oak, coconut, citric acid and earth. It's a touch muddled and all over the map, but for $10 it's a pretty good wine.", "This aromatic wine suggests candied red apple, jasmine and ale. It's medium sweet with a lightly spritzy feel and ale notes throughout. END
START HERE A bit narrow and medicinal, but overall this Cab delivers reasonably good cherry and herbal berry aromas and flavors along with some oak, coconut, citric acid and earth. It's a touch muddled and all over the map, but for $10 it's a pretty good wine.", "This aromatic wine suggests candied red apple, jasmine and ale. It's medium sweet with a lightly spritzy feel and ale notes throughout.", "This wine starts slowly, but a little bit of air really loosens it up, yielding aromas of vegetable oil, apples, and spring flowers. In the mouth, it's light in body yet crisply flavored, with Granny Smiths dominating. Enough floral elements persist on the palate to provide moderate complexity. END
START HERE This aromatic wine suggests candied red apple, jasmine and ale. It's medium sweet with a lightly spritzy feel and ale notes throughout.", "This wine starts slowly, but a little bit of air really loosens it up, yielding aromas of vegetable oil, apples, and spring flowers. In the mouth, it's light in body yet crisply flavored, with Granny Smiths dominating. Enough floral elements persist on the palate to provide moderate complexity.", 'This confusing SB is bold in color, with aromas of petrol and apple juice. Dry, bitter melon, papaya and white pepper flavors control a dull finish. END
START HERE This wine starts slowly, but a little bit of air really loosens it up, yielding aromas of vegetable oil, apples, and spring flowers. In the mouth, it's light in body yet crisply flavored, with Granny Smiths dominating. Enough floral elements persist on the palate to provide moderate complexity.", 'This confusing SB is bold in color, with aromas of petrol and apple juice. Dry, bitter melon, papaya and white pepper flavors control a dull finish.', 'Perfumed and bright, this is an attractive blend that includes Pinot Noir and Syrah. With its ripe creamy texture and exuberant red fruits, the wine is ready to drink. END
START HERE This confusing SB is bold in color, with aromas of petrol and apple juice. Dry, bitter melon, papaya and white pepper flavors control a dull finish.', 'Perfumed and bright, this is an attractive blend that includes Pinot Noir and Syrah. With its ripe creamy texture and exuberant red fruits, the wine is ready to drink.', 'Ripe and fruity, this is a wine that will develop quickly. With black currant and red-berry fruits it is perfumed, crisp as well as allowing plenty of room for juicy acidity. The tannins are firm and well balanced. Drink from 2017. END
START HERE Perfumed and bright, this is an attractive blend that includes Pinot Noir and Syrah. With its ripe creamy texture and exuberant red fruits, the wine is ready to drink.', 'Ripe and fruity, this is a wine that will develop quickly. With black currant and red-berry fruits it is perfumed, crisp as well as allowing plenty of room for juicy acidity. The tannins are firm and well balanced. Drink from 2017.', 'This pale pink rosé is light in body and lacking much texture. Delicate melon aromas and flavors are pleasant, but marked by persistent notes of struck match. END
START HERE Ripe and fruity, this is a wine that will develop quickly. With black currant and red-berry fruits it is perfumed, crisp as well as allowing plenty of room for juicy acidity. The tannins are firm and well balanced. Drink from 2017.', 'This pale pink rosé is light in body and lacking much texture. Delicate melon aromas and flavors are pleasant, but marked by persistent notes of struck match.', 'Compact dark-fruit aromas turn more jammy with airing. This is gripping in feel, with firm tannins. Flavors of spice, herbs and  black fruits finish with pronounced acidity, leftover tannins and a leathery accent. END
START HERE This pale pink rosé is light in body and lacking much texture. Delicate melon aromas and flavors are pleasant, but marked by persistent notes of struck match.', 'Compact dark-fruit aromas turn more jammy with airing. This is gripping in feel, with firm tannins. Flavors of spice, herbs and  black fruits finish with pronounced acidity, leftover tannins and a leathery accent.', 'Hot and leathery up front, with stewy notes and candied red fruit aromas. The palate features smacking tannic bite along with foxy-tasting red fruit. Turns medicinal on the finish. END
START HERE Compact dark-fruit aromas turn more jammy with airing. This is gripping in feel, with firm tannins. Flavors of spice, herbs and  black fruits finish with pronounced acidity, leftover tannins and a leathery accent.', 'Hot and leathery up front, with stewy notes and candied red fruit aromas. The palate features smacking tannic bite along with foxy-tasting red fruit. Turns medicinal on the finish.', 'A low-price, high-production Merlot from Mendocino County grapes that smells musky and tastes a bit bland. END
START HERE Hot and leathery up front, with stewy notes and candied red fruit aromas. The palate features smacking tannic bite along with foxy-tasting red fruit. Turns medicinal on the finish.', 'A low-price, high-production Merlot from Mendocino County grapes that smells musky and tastes a bit bland.', "For the price, this is a good investment in an everyday red wine. It's medium-bodied and dry, with cherry, tobacco and cedar flavors. END
START HERE A low-price, high-production Merlot from Mendocino County grapes that smells musky and tastes a bit bland.', "For the price, this is a good investment in an everyday red wine. It's medium-bodied and dry, with cherry, tobacco and cedar flavors.", 'Hot and crusty smelling at first blush and then the nose turns to mocha and smoky berry. Good mouthfeel, rich and balanced, with a fresh quality as well. Solid, complete red wine with a nice berry-packed Merlot character. END
START HERE For the price, this is a good investment in an everyday red wine. It's medium-bodied and dry, with cherry, tobacco and cedar flavors.", 'Hot and crusty smelling at first blush and then the nose turns to mocha and smoky berry. Good mouthfeel, rich and balanced, with a fresh quality as well. Solid, complete red wine with a nice berry-packed Merlot character.', 'This wood-laden wine has light berry fruit and burnt toast flavors. The acidity cuts through, offering a glimpse of stalky black currant flavors. END
START HERE Hot and crusty smelling at first blush and then the nose turns to mocha and smoky berry. Good mouthfeel, rich and balanced, with a fresh quality as well. Solid, complete red wine with a nice berry-packed Merlot character.', 'This wood-laden wine has light berry fruit and burnt toast flavors. The acidity cuts through, offering a glimpse of stalky black currant flavors.', 'Soft, waxy apple skin, verbena and lime leaf aromas unfold on the nose and carry through to the medium-minus-weight palate. This is well-balanced and easy to enjoy, with medium acidity and a hay accent on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE This wood-laden wine has light berry fruit and burnt toast flavors. The acidity cuts through, offering a glimpse of stalky black currant flavors.', 'Soft, waxy apple skin, verbena and lime leaf aromas unfold on the nose and carry through to the medium-minus-weight palate. This is well-balanced and easy to enjoy, with medium acidity and a hay accent on the finish. Drink now.', 'Spicy, heady aromas are dark and draw you in. This value CS is solid and ripe, with good mouthfeel. Loamy, oaky flavors of black fruits are standard but tasty, while blatant oak and related chocolate and peppery notes drive the finish. END
START HERE Soft, waxy apple skin, verbena and lime leaf aromas unfold on the nose and carry through to the medium-minus-weight palate. This is well-balanced and easy to enjoy, with medium acidity and a hay accent on the finish. Drink now.', 'Spicy, heady aromas are dark and draw you in. This value CS is solid and ripe, with good mouthfeel. Loamy, oaky flavors of black fruits are standard but tasty, while blatant oak and related chocolate and peppery notes drive the finish.', 'Soft and sweet, this is a light and fruity wine. Touches of raspberry are balanced by acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE Spicy, heady aromas are dark and draw you in. This value CS is solid and ripe, with good mouthfeel. Loamy, oaky flavors of black fruits are standard but tasty, while blatant oak and related chocolate and peppery notes drive the finish.', 'Soft and sweet, this is a light and fruity wine. Touches of raspberry are balanced by acidity. Drink now.', 'While this wine is labeled "dry," it\'s technically not. There\'s some sugar left in it, it just seems dry if you compare it to the winery\'s regular, semi-dry version. Aromas of spiced pears and musky, evening flowers blend with flavors of pears, peaches and dried spices. END
START HERE Soft and sweet, this is a light and fruity wine. Touches of raspberry are balanced by acidity. Drink now.', 'While this wine is labeled "dry," it\'s technically not. There\'s some sugar left in it, it just seems dry if you compare it to the winery\'s regular, semi-dry version. Aromas of spiced pears and musky, evening flowers blend with flavors of pears, peaches and dried spices.', 'This bright, well-priced Syrah shows typical aromas of bright cherry, blueberry, smoked meat and peppercorn. The mouthfeel is equally attractive with plush ripeness and a soft, supple texture. END
START HERE While this wine is labeled "dry," it\'s technically not. There\'s some sugar left in it, it just seems dry if you compare it to the winery\'s regular, semi-dry version. Aromas of spiced pears and musky, evening flowers blend with flavors of pears, peaches and dried spices.', 'This bright, well-priced Syrah shows typical aromas of bright cherry, blueberry, smoked meat and peppercorn. The mouthfeel is equally attractive with plush ripeness and a soft, supple texture.', "Powerfully oaked but awkward, with bruising aromas of fresh-cut wood, sawdust and campfire smoke. Amid the woodiness and thick body you'll find roasted plum and berry flavors, but on the finish resin reappears and lingers. Tastes too saucy and resiny to be called “clean”. END
START HERE This bright, well-priced Syrah shows typical aromas of bright cherry, blueberry, smoked meat and peppercorn. The mouthfeel is equally attractive with plush ripeness and a soft, supple texture.', "Powerfully oaked but awkward, with bruising aromas of fresh-cut wood, sawdust and campfire smoke. Amid the woodiness and thick body you'll find roasted plum and berry flavors, but on the finish resin reappears and lingers. Tastes too saucy and resiny to be called “clean.”", "This Merlot is okay for everyday drinking, but it's pretty simple. It has modest cherry flavors, with some green, vegetal notes. END
START HERE Powerfully oaked but awkward, with bruising aromas of fresh-cut wood, sawdust and campfire smoke. Amid the woodiness and thick body you'll find roasted plum and berry flavors, but on the finish resin reappears and lingers. Tastes too saucy and resiny to be called “clean.”", "This Merlot is okay for everyday drinking, but it's pretty simple. It has modest cherry flavors, with some green, vegetal notes.", "You almost have to classify this Riesling as a dessert wine, because it crosses the line from off-dry into frankly sweet. It's an easy sipper, with honeyed tangerine and pear flavors. Could be a little brighter in acidity, though. END
START HERE This Merlot is okay for everyday drinking, but it's pretty simple. It has modest cherry flavors, with some green, vegetal notes.", "You almost have to classify this Riesling as a dessert wine, because it crosses the line from off-dry into frankly sweet. It's an easy sipper, with honeyed tangerine and pear flavors. Could be a little brighter in acidity, though.", 'This is a fruity, friendly yet dark and saturated wine. It offers good ripe berry and cherry notes and the backing of moderate tannins. END
START HERE You almost have to classify this Riesling as a dessert wine, because it crosses the line from off-dry into frankly sweet. It's an easy sipper, with honeyed tangerine and pear flavors. Could be a little brighter in acidity, though.", 'This is a fruity, friendly yet dark and saturated wine. It offers good ripe berry and cherry notes and the backing of moderate tannins.', "This is a tough wine to love, although the price makes it an everyday sipper. With blackberry, licorice and herb flavors, it's dry and tannic. END
START HERE This is a fruity, friendly yet dark and saturated wine. It offers good ripe berry and cherry notes and the backing of moderate tannins.', "This is a tough wine to love, although the price makes it an everyday sipper. With blackberry, licorice and herb flavors, it's dry and tannic.", 'Soft, sugary-sweet and simple, like a fruit juice made from apricots, peaches and pineapples. END
START HERE This is a tough wine to love, although the price makes it an everyday sipper. With blackberry, licorice and herb flavors, it's dry and tannic.", 'Soft, sugary-sweet and simple, like a fruit juice made from apricots, peaches and pineapples.', 'Bell pepper and sharp red fruit aromas provide a shaky start, which is followed by cranberry, tart cherry and other pointed flavors. The feel is racy and tight, with gritty acids. Airing does improve it somewhat. Tasted twice; this is a review of the better bottle. Cabernet, Merlot, Cab Franc and Carmenère is the blend. From Brazil. END
START HERE Soft, sugary-sweet and simple, like a fruit juice made from apricots, peaches and pineapples.', 'Bell pepper and sharp red fruit aromas provide a shaky start, which is followed by cranberry, tart cherry and other pointed flavors. The feel is racy and tight, with gritty acids. Airing does improve it somewhat. Tasted twice; this is a review of the better bottle. Cabernet, Merlot, Cab Franc and Carmenère is the blend. From Brazil.', 'Soft, lightly creamy Chardonnay, pleasantly fruity, offering some apple and pear flavors along with gentle acidity. END
START HERE Bell pepper and sharp red fruit aromas provide a shaky start, which is followed by cranberry, tart cherry and other pointed flavors. The feel is racy and tight, with gritty acids. Airing does improve it somewhat. Tasted twice; this is a review of the better bottle. Cabernet, Merlot, Cab Franc and Carmenère is the blend. From Brazil.', 'Soft, lightly creamy Chardonnay, pleasantly fruity, offering some apple and pear flavors along with gentle acidity.', 'A decent everyday Chard, with ripe flavors of pineapples, peaches and pears, and an oaky influence of vanilla and buttercream. END
START HERE Soft, lightly creamy Chardonnay, pleasantly fruity, offering some apple and pear flavors along with gentle acidity.', 'A decent everyday Chard, with ripe flavors of pineapples, peaches and pears, and an oaky influence of vanilla and buttercream.', "With residual sugar measuring 17 g/L, this puts the emphasis on fruit flavors that are forward, round, ripe and slightly sweet. It's right down the heart of the plate in terms of Washington styles; apple and peach the main flavors. END
START HERE A decent everyday Chard, with ripe flavors of pineapples, peaches and pears, and an oaky influence of vanilla and buttercream.', "With residual sugar measuring 17 g/L, this puts the emphasis on fruit flavors that are forward, round, ripe and slightly sweet. It's right down the heart of the plate in terms of Washington styles; apple and peach the main flavors.", "Pizza, burgers, tacos and similar everyday fare will go well with this Merlot. It's smooth in cherries, currants and cola. END
START HERE With residual sugar measuring 17 g/L, this puts the emphasis on fruit flavors that are forward, round, ripe and slightly sweet. It's right down the heart of the plate in terms of Washington styles; apple and peach the main flavors.", "Pizza, burgers, tacos and similar everyday fare will go well with this Merlot. It's smooth in cherries, currants and cola.", 'This wine has bright fruit-salad aromas, ripe pear and apple flavors and some attractive hints of butter and vanilla. It feels medium bodied, mouthfilling and smooth in texture. END
START HERE Pizza, burgers, tacos and similar everyday fare will go well with this Merlot. It's smooth in cherries, currants and cola.", 'This wine has bright fruit-salad aromas, ripe pear and apple flavors and some attractive hints of butter and vanilla. It feels medium bodied, mouthfilling and smooth in texture.', 'Tasty touches of toasted oak, butter and almonds in the aroma and again in the flavor add depth to the ripe Anjou pear notes in this full-bodied, posh-textured wine. With all that flavor, it keeps its balance and has a lingering finish, too. END
START HERE This wine has bright fruit-salad aromas, ripe pear and apple flavors and some attractive hints of butter and vanilla. It feels medium bodied, mouthfilling and smooth in texture.', 'Tasty touches of toasted oak, butter and almonds in the aroma and again in the flavor add depth to the ripe Anjou pear notes in this full-bodied, posh-textured wine. With all that flavor, it keeps its balance and has a lingering finish, too.', 'Pungent aromas of wet stones, citrus fruits, grass and bell pepper are lively and intense. This has a crisp, clean palate and pyrazine-based flavors of nettle, bell pepper and lime. On the finish, it remains racy until the end. END
START HERE Tasty touches of toasted oak, butter and almonds in the aroma and again in the flavor add depth to the ripe Anjou pear notes in this full-bodied, posh-textured wine. With all that flavor, it keeps its balance and has a lingering finish, too.', 'Pungent aromas of wet stones, citrus fruits, grass and bell pepper are lively and intense. This has a crisp, clean palate and pyrazine-based flavors of nettle, bell pepper and lime. On the finish, it remains racy until the end.', "From giant Brown-Forman, it's a lip-smackingly fruity Chard, bigtime in pineapple, vanilla and smoky caramel flavors, with a sweet, honeyed finish. END
START HERE Pungent aromas of wet stones, citrus fruits, grass and bell pepper are lively and intense. This has a crisp, clean palate and pyrazine-based flavors of nettle, bell pepper and lime. On the finish, it remains racy until the end.', "From giant Brown-Forman, it's a lip-smackingly fruity Chard, bigtime in pineapple, vanilla and smoky caramel flavors, with a sweet, honeyed finish.", 'The wine that first introduced Americans to Sicily, this classic Corvo blend offers a light, bright appearance followed by easy tones of red berry, bitter almond and cassis. END
START HERE From giant Brown-Forman, it's a lip-smackingly fruity Chard, bigtime in pineapple, vanilla and smoky caramel flavors, with a sweet, honeyed finish.", 'The wine that first introduced Americans to Sicily, this classic Corvo blend offers a light, bright appearance followed by easy tones of red berry, bitter almond and cassis.', 'A very nice buy at this price. Dry and jammy, the wine features ripe flavors of blackberries, cherries, anise, cocoa and mint, with smoky, oaky notes and mouthwateringly crisp coastal acidity. END
START HERE The wine that first introduced Americans to Sicily, this classic Corvo blend offers a light, bright appearance followed by easy tones of red berry, bitter almond and cassis.', 'A very nice buy at this price. Dry and jammy, the wine features ripe flavors of blackberries, cherries, anise, cocoa and mint, with smoky, oaky notes and mouthwateringly crisp coastal acidity.', 'Sweet and simple, with pineapple and apricot jam flavors. END
START HERE A very nice buy at this price. Dry and jammy, the wine features ripe flavors of blackberries, cherries, anise, cocoa and mint, with smoky, oaky notes and mouthwateringly crisp coastal acidity.', 'Sweet and simple, with pineapple and apricot jam flavors.', 'Leathery, exotic aromas of blueberry and spice are not too oaky or generic. This is compact and tannic in the mouth, with structure. Flavors of spicy blueberry and pepper darken up on the finish, which is ripe and full but also hot in feel. END
START HERE Sweet and simple, with pineapple and apricot jam flavors.', 'Leathery, exotic aromas of blueberry and spice are not too oaky or generic. This is compact and tannic in the mouth, with structure. Flavors of spicy blueberry and pepper darken up on the finish, which is ripe and full but also hot in feel.', 'Berry aromas are clean and forward, with just a spot of resin and vanilla. The palate is snappy and crisp, with cherry and plum acidity framing dry, tangy, lightly herbal flavors of raspberry and red plum. Light and zesty on the semisharp finish. END
START HERE Leathery, exotic aromas of blueberry and spice are not too oaky or generic. This is compact and tannic in the mouth, with structure. Flavors of spicy blueberry and pepper darken up on the finish, which is ripe and full but also hot in feel.', 'Berry aromas are clean and forward, with just a spot of resin and vanilla. The palate is snappy and crisp, with cherry and plum acidity framing dry, tangy, lightly herbal flavors of raspberry and red plum. Light and zesty on the semisharp finish.', 'This medium-bodied blend of four varieties (Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon, Grenache and Mataro) features supremely soft tannins, balanced by crisp acids, while the flavors are a slightly resiny or medicinal—but not unpleasant—blend of mint, cedar, smoke and cherry. Drink now. END
START HERE Berry aromas are clean and forward, with just a spot of resin and vanilla. The palate is snappy and crisp, with cherry and plum acidity framing dry, tangy, lightly herbal flavors of raspberry and red plum. Light and zesty on the semisharp finish.', 'This medium-bodied blend of four varieties (Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon, Grenache and Mataro) features supremely soft tannins, balanced by crisp acids, while the flavors are a slightly resiny or medicinal—but not unpleasant—blend of mint, cedar, smoke and cherry. Drink now.', "More than most wineries, Bogle knows how to make fairly priced varietal wines that stand up to the competition. The wine has plenty of Chardonnay character, with oak-infused tropical fruit, green apple and pear flavors. With production at 600,000 cases, it's a remarkable achievement. The fruit is from Clarksburg and Monterey County. END
START HERE This medium-bodied blend of four varieties (Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon, Grenache and Mataro) features supremely soft tannins, balanced by crisp acids, while the flavors are a slightly resiny or medicinal—but not unpleasant—blend of mint, cedar, smoke and cherry. Drink now.', "More than most wineries, Bogle knows how to make fairly priced varietal wines that stand up to the competition. The wine has plenty of Chardonnay character, with oak-infused tropical fruit, green apple and pear flavors. With production at 600,000 cases, it's a remarkable achievement. The fruit is from Clarksburg and Monterey County.", "Veteran producer Oak Knoll remains one of Oregon's most underrated value wineries. This full-bodied, super-fruity Riesling offers bright, off-dry, well-balanced flavors of citrus, honey and tea. END
START HERE More than most wineries, Bogle knows how to make fairly priced varietal wines that stand up to the competition. The wine has plenty of Chardonnay character, with oak-infused tropical fruit, green apple and pear flavors. With production at 600,000 cases, it's a remarkable achievement. The fruit is from Clarksburg and Monterey County.", "Veteran producer Oak Knoll remains one of Oregon's most underrated value wineries. This full-bodied, super-fruity Riesling offers bright, off-dry, well-balanced flavors of citrus, honey and tea.", "Dry and zesty in acidity, this Chard offers flavors of apricots, green apples, pears and butter cream. It's pretty good for this everyday price. END
START HERE Veteran producer Oak Knoll remains one of Oregon's most underrated value wineries. This full-bodied, super-fruity Riesling offers bright, off-dry, well-balanced flavors of citrus, honey and tea.", "Dry and zesty in acidity, this Chard offers flavors of apricots, green apples, pears and butter cream. It's pretty good for this everyday price.", "There's a green, brambly quality to this rosé that is enhanced by powdered licorice, dried mint, green tea and cassis. The wine is nice and refreshing but slightly disjointed in places. Made from a 70-30 blend of Refosco and Merlot. END
START HERE Dry and zesty in acidity, this Chard offers flavors of apricots, green apples, pears and butter cream. It's pretty good for this everyday price.", "There's a green, brambly quality to this rosé that is enhanced by powdered licorice, dried mint, green tea and cassis. The wine is nice and refreshing but slightly disjointed in places. Made from a 70-30 blend of Refosco and Merlot.", 'This is a crisp, fresh wine. It has attractive red fruits that are cut by juicy lemons. The touch of caramel in this blend of Syrah and Touriga Nacional is lit by the acidity and spiced by a final touch of pepper. END
START HERE There's a green, brambly quality to this rosé that is enhanced by powdered licorice, dried mint, green tea and cassis. The wine is nice and refreshing but slightly disjointed in places. Made from a 70-30 blend of Refosco and Merlot.", 'This is a crisp, fresh wine. It has attractive red fruits that are cut by juicy lemons. The touch of caramel in this blend of Syrah and Touriga Nacional is lit by the acidity and spiced by a final touch of pepper.', 'A fresh, lively nose and clean, elegant flavors give this Chardonnay a food-friendly, easy-sipping feel. Pretty and dependable, it will pair well with grilled seafood and light salads. END
START HERE This is a crisp, fresh wine. It has attractive red fruits that are cut by juicy lemons. The touch of caramel in this blend of Syrah and Touriga Nacional is lit by the acidity and spiced by a final touch of pepper.', 'A fresh, lively nose and clean, elegant flavors give this Chardonnay a food-friendly, easy-sipping feel. Pretty and dependable, it will pair well with grilled seafood and light salads.', "There's no oak on this simple Sauvignon Blanc. It's made in a softer style, which makes the apricot, orange and lime flavors taste riper than they really are. END
START HERE A fresh, lively nose and clean, elegant flavors give this Chardonnay a food-friendly, easy-sipping feel. Pretty and dependable, it will pair well with grilled seafood and light salads.', "There's no oak on this simple Sauvignon Blanc. It's made in a softer style, which makes the apricot, orange and lime flavors taste riper than they really are.", 'With the largest production in the entire Northwest, it is important that this wine express clean, varietal flavors with characteristic brightness and focus. And it does. Lightly herbal, fresh and clean, its fruit flavors suggest lemongrass, orange and ripe apple. Excellent balance and persistence. END
START HERE There's no oak on this simple Sauvignon Blanc. It's made in a softer style, which makes the apricot, orange and lime flavors taste riper than they really are.", 'With the largest production in the entire Northwest, it is important that this wine express clean, varietal flavors with characteristic brightness and focus. And it does. Lightly herbal, fresh and clean, its fruit flavors suggest lemongrass, orange and ripe apple. Excellent balance and persistence', "Smoke and baked plum notes provide flavor within this wine's easygoing structure and approachability. END
START HERE With the largest production in the entire Northwest, it is important that this wine express clean, varietal flavors with characteristic brightness and focus. And it does. Lightly herbal, fresh and clean, its fruit flavors suggest lemongrass, orange and ripe apple. Excellent balance and persistence', "Smoke and baked plum notes provide flavor within this wine's easygoing structure and approachability.", 'This is all Cabernet, aged in American oak, and it delivers dark and tannic flavors suggesting purple plum and black cherry. Tannins are rugged and the oak seems to have a fairly high level of toast, which translates into flavors of coffee grounds and ash. END
START HERE Smoke and baked plum notes provide flavor within this wine's easygoing structure and approachability.", 'This is all Cabernet, aged in American oak, and it delivers dark and tannic flavors suggesting purple plum and black cherry. Tannins are rugged and the oak seems to have a fairly high level of toast, which translates into flavors of coffee grounds and ash.', 'A streak of vanilla winds through the almost-sweet fruit flavors of this medium-bodied and soft-textured wine. Ripe cherry aromas and strawberry jam flavors come with very little tannin and low acidity. END
START HERE This is all Cabernet, aged in American oak, and it delivers dark and tannic flavors suggesting purple plum and black cherry. Tannins are rugged and the oak seems to have a fairly high level of toast, which translates into flavors of coffee grounds and ash.', 'A streak of vanilla winds through the almost-sweet fruit flavors of this medium-bodied and soft-textured wine. Ripe cherry aromas and strawberry jam flavors come with very little tannin and low acidity.', 'Fatter than any Loire Sauvignon Blanc, this has some rich fruit, flavors of currants, an oily texture and intriguing candy flavors. There is a structure of green apple skins, but the wine is essentially light, fresh and instantly pleasing. END
START HERE A streak of vanilla winds through the almost-sweet fruit flavors of this medium-bodied and soft-textured wine. Ripe cherry aromas and strawberry jam flavors come with very little tannin and low acidity.', 'Fatter than any Loire Sauvignon Blanc, this has some rich fruit, flavors of currants, an oily texture and intriguing candy flavors. There is a structure of green apple skins, but the wine is essentially light, fresh and instantly pleasing.', 'Cherry and black fruit aromas are capped by a rubbery note. It feels juicy and fresh, with raspberry, red plum and vanilla flavors. Drying but fresh and nice on the finish. END
START HERE Fatter than any Loire Sauvignon Blanc, this has some rich fruit, flavors of currants, an oily texture and intriguing candy flavors. There is a structure of green apple skins, but the wine is essentially light, fresh and instantly pleasing.', 'Cherry and black fruit aromas are capped by a rubbery note. It feels juicy and fresh, with raspberry, red plum and vanilla flavors. Drying but fresh and nice on the finish.', 'This wine seems to reach out to the mainstream: flavors and aromas of sweet vanilla, cinnamon toast and brown sugar are met with lightweight red fruit, a soft balance and just a touch of white pepper. Inoffensive on all counts, but lacks the depth needed to set it apart. END
START HERE Cherry and black fruit aromas are capped by a rubbery note. It feels juicy and fresh, with raspberry, red plum and vanilla flavors. Drying but fresh and nice on the finish.', 'This wine seems to reach out to the mainstream: flavors and aromas of sweet vanilla, cinnamon toast and brown sugar are met with lightweight red fruit, a soft balance and just a touch of white pepper. Inoffensive on all counts, but lacks the depth needed to set it apart.', "This finely balanced wine is poised between spicy wood notes and black currant fruit. It's lightly structured with fine tannins and plenty of juicy acidity. Although young, it has been made to drink now. END
START HERE This wine seems to reach out to the mainstream: flavors and aromas of sweet vanilla, cinnamon toast and brown sugar are met with lightweight red fruit, a soft balance and just a touch of white pepper. Inoffensive on all counts, but lacks the depth needed to set it apart.', "This finely balanced wine is poised between spicy wood notes and black currant fruit. It's lightly structured with fine tannins and plenty of juicy acidity. Although young, it has been made to drink now.", "This moderately aromatic wine offers notes of yellow apple, flowers and ale. It's medium bodied with watery fruit flavors, pulling up short on the back half. END
START HERE This finely balanced wine is poised between spicy wood notes and black currant fruit. It's lightly structured with fine tannins and plenty of juicy acidity. Although young, it has been made to drink now.", "This moderately aromatic wine offers notes of yellow apple, flowers and ale. It's medium bodied with watery fruit flavors, pulling up short on the back half.", "Deeply savory tones of bramble and earth are juxtaposed against fresh tangerine and lemon in this light-footed, semidry Riesling. It's not a deeply complex wine but sprightly and crisp, with a clean, slightly honeyed finish. Drink now. END
START HERE This moderately aromatic wine offers notes of yellow apple, flowers and ale. It's medium bodied with watery fruit flavors, pulling up short on the back half.", "Deeply savory tones of bramble and earth are juxtaposed against fresh tangerine and lemon in this light-footed, semidry Riesling. It's not a deeply complex wine but sprightly and crisp, with a clean, slightly honeyed finish. Drink now.", "A bit muted and easy-drinking with soft notes of tart green apple and lemon peel throughout. It's brisk and prickly on the tongue with a fleeting finish; drink up. END
START HERE Deeply savory tones of bramble and earth are juxtaposed against fresh tangerine and lemon in this light-footed, semidry Riesling. It's not a deeply complex wine but sprightly and crisp, with a clean, slightly honeyed finish. Drink now.", "A bit muted and easy-drinking with soft notes of tart green apple and lemon peel throughout. It's brisk and prickly on the tongue with a fleeting finish; drink up.", 'A spicy, tingling nose leads. followed by reserved balance elements of acid, classic Chardonnay fruit and a slatey minerality. Not terribly complex but likeable, and food friendly. END
START HERE A bit muted and easy-drinking with soft notes of tart green apple and lemon peel throughout. It's brisk and prickly on the tongue with a fleeting finish; drink up.", 'A spicy, tingling nose leads. followed by reserved balance elements of acid, classic Chardonnay fruit and a slatey minerality. Not terribly complex but likeable, and food friendly.', "Pretty dark and full-bodied for a rosé, and too extracted and heavy in cherry-berry flavors to be considered elegant. It's almost a red wine you could drink at room temperature. END
START HERE A spicy, tingling nose leads. followed by reserved balance elements of acid, classic Chardonnay fruit and a slatey minerality. Not terribly complex but likeable, and food friendly.', "Pretty dark and full-bodied for a rosé, and too extracted and heavy in cherry-berry flavors to be considered elegant. It's almost a red wine you could drink at room temperature.", 'Balanced sweetness and pure fruity freshness personify this surprisingly elegant bargain buy. The palate bursts of fresh pear, grapefruit and tangerine flavors accented by a glaze of waxy lemon peels. Bristling acidity leads a long, revitalizing finish. END
START HERE Pretty dark and full-bodied for a rosé, and too extracted and heavy in cherry-berry flavors to be considered elegant. It's almost a red wine you could drink at room temperature.", 'Balanced sweetness and pure fruity freshness personify this surprisingly elegant bargain buy. The palate bursts of fresh pear, grapefruit and tangerine flavors accented by a glaze of waxy lemon peels. Bristling acidity leads a long, revitalizing finish.', "It's rich enough to satisfy our craving for fruit flavor and firm enough in texture to pair well with roasts and filling pasta. It seems to have benefited from more time aging in a cellar than most red wines at this price do. END
START HERE Balanced sweetness and pure fruity freshness personify this surprisingly elegant bargain buy. The palate bursts of fresh pear, grapefruit and tangerine flavors accented by a glaze of waxy lemon peels. Bristling acidity leads a long, revitalizing finish.', "It's rich enough to satisfy our craving for fruit flavor and firm enough in texture to pair well with roasts and filling pasta. It seems to have benefited from more time aging in a cellar than most red wines at this price do.", 'Horsey berry and vinegar aromas lack freshness and appeal. This feels both tight and dilute, while flavors of forced oak, tomato and tart berry fruits finish drawing and bitter. END
START HERE It's rich enough to satisfy our craving for fruit flavor and firm enough in texture to pair well with roasts and filling pasta. It seems to have benefited from more time aging in a cellar than most red wines at this price do.", 'Horsey berry and vinegar aromas lack freshness and appeal. This feels both tight and dilute, while flavors of forced oak, tomato and tart berry fruits finish drawing and bitter.', 'This rosé is an extremely pale-pink color, with similarly light aromas of red cherry and currant on the nose. The palate is surprisingly round and somewhat flabby, with ripe red-fruit flavors and a touch of white chocolate on the finish. END
START HERE Horsey berry and vinegar aromas lack freshness and appeal. This feels both tight and dilute, while flavors of forced oak, tomato and tart berry fruits finish drawing and bitter.', 'This rosé is an extremely pale-pink color, with similarly light aromas of red cherry and currant on the nose. The palate is surprisingly round and somewhat flabby, with ripe red-fruit flavors and a touch of white chocolate on the finish.', 'Soft notes of toasted red apple skin and cedar plank enhance the peach and sweet citrus core of this white. Zippy and somewhat prickly with a mouthwatering finish. END
START HERE This rosé is an extremely pale-pink color, with similarly light aromas of red cherry and currant on the nose. The palate is surprisingly round and somewhat flabby, with ripe red-fruit flavors and a touch of white chocolate on the finish.', 'Soft notes of toasted red apple skin and cedar plank enhance the peach and sweet citrus core of this white. Zippy and somewhat prickly with a mouthwatering finish.', "Sweet but not too sweet for some entrées, such as spicy Thai food, this brings a fruity mix of pear, pineapple and orange-creamsickle flavors. It's smooth and soft, not at all sugary, and framed with fresh acids. END
START HERE Soft notes of toasted red apple skin and cedar plank enhance the peach and sweet citrus core of this white. Zippy and somewhat prickly with a mouthwatering finish.', "Sweet but not too sweet for some entrées, such as spicy Thai food, this brings a fruity mix of pear, pineapple and orange-creamsickle flavors. It's smooth and soft, not at all sugary, and framed with fresh acids.", 'This offers assertive aromas and flavors of banana, strawberry bubblegum, watermelon and blueberry. The palate is lightweight and fruity, with a sharp acidic edge and a short, fleeting finish. END
START HERE Sweet but not too sweet for some entrées, such as spicy Thai food, this brings a fruity mix of pear, pineapple and orange-creamsickle flavors. It's smooth and soft, not at all sugary, and framed with fresh acids.", 'This offers assertive aromas and flavors of banana, strawberry bubblegum, watermelon and blueberry. The palate is lightweight and fruity, with a sharp acidic edge and a short, fleeting finish.', 'This is a pleasant fruity wine in a bottle that is too heavy for its attractively light and soft contents. There are red berry fruits followed by rounded tannins and layers of ripe fruits. Drink now. END
START HERE This offers assertive aromas and flavors of banana, strawberry bubblegum, watermelon and blueberry. The palate is lightweight and fruity, with a sharp acidic edge and a short, fleeting finish.', 'This is a pleasant fruity wine in a bottle that is too heavy for its attractively light and soft contents. There are red berry fruits followed by rounded tannins and layers of ripe fruits. Drink now.', 'Fresh mint and mentholated cassis aromas lift the ripe black plum and berry notes on the nose of this wine. The palate is soft and lush, with a slight creaminess that harmonizes with the ripe flavors of black fruit preserves and milk chocolate. A subtle peppery kick lends a spicy character to the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE This is a pleasant fruity wine in a bottle that is too heavy for its attractively light and soft contents. There are red berry fruits followed by rounded tannins and layers of ripe fruits. Drink now.', 'Fresh mint and mentholated cassis aromas lift the ripe black plum and berry notes on the nose of this wine. The palate is soft and lush, with a slight creaminess that harmonizes with the ripe flavors of black fruit preserves and milk chocolate. A subtle peppery kick lends a spicy character to the finish. Drink now.', 'A perennial Best Buy, Sangre de Toro always delivers a quality red-wine experience that does not bowl you over. Here the aromas are light and jammy, with strawberry. The body is medium in weight and intensity, with pure but basic cherry, raspberry and plum flavors. Like all other parts of the wine, the finish is easy and clean, with carry-over flavors of berry fruit. END
START HERE Fresh mint and mentholated cassis aromas lift the ripe black plum and berry notes on the nose of this wine. The palate is soft and lush, with a slight creaminess that harmonizes with the ripe flavors of black fruit preserves and milk chocolate. A subtle peppery kick lends a spicy character to the finish. Drink now.', 'A perennial Best Buy, Sangre de Toro always delivers a quality red-wine experience that does not bowl you over. Here the aromas are light and jammy, with strawberry. The body is medium in weight and intensity, with pure but basic cherry, raspberry and plum flavors. Like all other parts of the wine, the finish is easy and clean, with carry-over flavors of berry fruit.', "Serve this affordable Merlot at big parties. It's a fairly dull wine, but serviceable, with currant, spice and oak flavors. END
START HERE A perennial Best Buy, Sangre de Toro always delivers a quality red-wine experience that does not bowl you over. Here the aromas are light and jammy, with strawberry. The body is medium in weight and intensity, with pure but basic cherry, raspberry and plum flavors. Like all other parts of the wine, the finish is easy and clean, with carry-over flavors of berry fruit.', "Serve this affordable Merlot at big parties. It's a fairly dull wine, but serviceable, with currant, spice and oak flavors.", 'Generic, neutral aromas hint at apple and peach. This shows moderate life on the palate, but that quickly slips away. Bland apple and apricot flavors finish with a note of oxidation. END
START HERE Serve this affordable Merlot at big parties. It's a fairly dull wine, but serviceable, with currant, spice and oak flavors.", 'Generic, neutral aromas hint at apple and peach. This shows moderate life on the palate, but that quickly slips away. Bland apple and apricot flavors finish with a note of oxidation.', 'Generous in toasty oak aromas this Cab is otherwise rich in tar and black jam, its flavors muted by the overwhelming taste of wood. END
START HERE Generic, neutral aromas hint at apple and peach. This shows moderate life on the palate, but that quickly slips away. Bland apple and apricot flavors finish with a note of oxidation.', 'Generous in toasty oak aromas this Cab is otherwise rich in tar and black jam, its flavors muted by the overwhelming taste of wood.', 'This structured wine has 25-year old vines as its basis. It is concentrated and dense as well as bringing out the ripe berry fruits that are typical of 2012. With the structure and acidity well in place, this wine will age. Drink from 2017. END
START HERE Generous in toasty oak aromas this Cab is otherwise rich in tar and black jam, its flavors muted by the overwhelming taste of wood.', 'This structured wine has 25-year old vines as its basis. It is concentrated and dense as well as bringing out the ripe berry fruits that are typical of 2012. With the structure and acidity well in place, this wine will age. Drink from 2017.', 'This structured wine tastes young, showing considerable tannins at this stage. Its weight gives it potential, however, and the wine will show blackberry flavors and juicy acidity by 2017. END
START HERE This structured wine has 25-year old vines as its basis. It is concentrated and dense as well as bringing out the ripe berry fruits that are typical of 2012. With the structure and acidity well in place, this wine will age. Drink from 2017.', 'This structured wine tastes young, showing considerable tannins at this stage. Its weight gives it potential, however, and the wine will show blackberry flavors and juicy acidity by 2017.', 'Chunky and loud on the nose, with olive, oak resin and candied black fruit aromas. Feels astringent and drawing, with herbal plum and roasted berry flavors that are tart in the middle. Staunch, grabby and tight on the finish. END
START HERE This structured wine tastes young, showing considerable tannins at this stage. Its weight gives it potential, however, and the wine will show blackberry flavors and juicy acidity by 2017.', 'Chunky and loud on the nose, with olive, oak resin and candied black fruit aromas. Feels astringent and drawing, with herbal plum and roasted berry flavors that are tart in the middle. Staunch, grabby and tight on the finish.', 'A fruity wine with soft tannins that reflects the crispness of the vintage. The wine, full of blackberry fruit and balanced acidity comes from an estate in the heart of the Entre-deux-Mers region of Bordeaux. Drink now. END
START HERE Chunky and loud on the nose, with olive, oak resin and candied black fruit aromas. Feels astringent and drawing, with herbal plum and roasted berry flavors that are tart in the middle. Staunch, grabby and tight on the finish.', 'A fruity wine with soft tannins that reflects the crispness of the vintage. The wine, full of blackberry fruit and balanced acidity comes from an estate in the heart of the Entre-deux-Mers region of Bordeaux. Drink now.', 'Made of 90% Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo, this has black-skinned fruit and dark spice aromas. The simple palate delivers red cherry fruit and the slightest hint of white pepper with a frame of easygoing tannins. Enjoy soon. END
START HERE A fruity wine with soft tannins that reflects the crispness of the vintage. The wine, full of blackberry fruit and balanced acidity comes from an estate in the heart of the Entre-deux-Mers region of Bordeaux. Drink now.', 'Made of 90% Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo, this has black-skinned fruit and dark spice aromas. The simple palate delivers red cherry fruit and the slightest hint of white pepper with a frame of easygoing tannins. Enjoy soon.', "There's a wild character to the nose of this lean, tart Pinot. It offers aromas and flavors of game, sour cherry, tart raspberry and red currant, framed by soft tannins and a fleeting finish. END
START HERE Made of 90% Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo, this has black-skinned fruit and dark spice aromas. The simple palate delivers red cherry fruit and the slightest hint of white pepper with a frame of easygoing tannins. Enjoy soon.', "There's a wild character to the nose of this lean, tart Pinot. It offers aromas and flavors of game, sour cherry, tart raspberry and red currant, framed by soft tannins and a fleeting finish.", 'This is a clean, fruit-driven Chardonnay with light tropical banana flavors, along with some apple and pear. All stainless-steel fermented, it offers clean, crisp fruit and fair value. END
START HERE There's a wild character to the nose of this lean, tart Pinot. It offers aromas and flavors of game, sour cherry, tart raspberry and red currant, framed by soft tannins and a fleeting finish.", 'This is a clean, fruit-driven Chardonnay with light tropical banana flavors, along with some apple and pear. All stainless-steel fermented, it offers clean, crisp fruit and fair value.', 'While effortlessly quaffable, this pretty, intensely floral off-dry Riesling also has a polished mineral tone throughout. Plush honeydew and yellow cherry notes are delicately sweet, offset by a revitalizing lime finish. END
START HERE This is a clean, fruit-driven Chardonnay with light tropical banana flavors, along with some apple and pear. All stainless-steel fermented, it offers clean, crisp fruit and fair value.', 'While effortlessly quaffable, this pretty, intensely floral off-dry Riesling also has a polished mineral tone throughout. Plush honeydew and yellow cherry notes are delicately sweet, offset by a revitalizing lime finish.', 'The nose is fruity, with hints of vanilla bean. In the mouth, peach and lemon flavors carry a note of cinnamon spice, although the finish veers toward asparagus and green beans. Acidity and balance; are both on the money. Best Buy. END
START HERE While effortlessly quaffable, this pretty, intensely floral off-dry Riesling also has a polished mineral tone throughout. Plush honeydew and yellow cherry notes are delicately sweet, offset by a revitalizing lime finish.', 'The nose is fruity, with hints of vanilla bean. In the mouth, peach and lemon flavors carry a note of cinnamon spice, although the finish veers toward asparagus and green beans. Acidity and balance; are both on the money. Best Buy.', 'A top choice in a generally weak category, this Pinot shows pretty strawberry and raspberry scents that yield to earth and cherry flavors in the mouth. The palate is well balanced and followed by a strawberry-infused finish. Although this wine shows quite a bit of promise, some slightly gummy notes on the nose and palate preclude a higher score at this time. END
START HERE The nose is fruity, with hints of vanilla bean. In the mouth, peach and lemon flavors carry a note of cinnamon spice, although the finish veers toward asparagus and green beans. Acidity and balance; are both on the money. Best Buy.', 'A top choice in a generally weak category, this Pinot shows pretty strawberry and raspberry scents that yield to earth and cherry flavors in the mouth. The palate is well balanced and followed by a strawberry-infused finish. Although this wine shows quite a bit of promise, some slightly gummy notes on the nose and palate preclude a higher score at this time.', "The nose is slightly creamy due to overt oak, and it's also somewhat disjointed, what with both bold berry fruit and a strong whiff of wet dog. In the mouth, things quickly turn grapey, and then that overt fruitiness morphs into cherry and espresso. Meanwhile, bursting acidity throughout keeps it lively and fresh. Best Buy. END
START HERE A top choice in a generally weak category, this Pinot shows pretty strawberry and raspberry scents that yield to earth and cherry flavors in the mouth. The palate is well balanced and followed by a strawberry-infused finish. Although this wine shows quite a bit of promise, some slightly gummy notes on the nose and palate preclude a higher score at this time.', "The nose is slightly creamy due to overt oak, and it's also somewhat disjointed, what with both bold berry fruit and a strong whiff of wet dog. In the mouth, things quickly turn grapey, and then that overt fruitiness morphs into cherry and espresso. Meanwhile, bursting acidity throughout keeps it lively and fresh. Best Buy.", 'A creamy, buttery texture wraps around a core of bright lemon and apple flavors. This is balanced slightly toward sweetness as the luxurious viscosity carries the vivid flavors into the finish. END
START HERE The nose is slightly creamy due to overt oak, and it's also somewhat disjointed, what with both bold berry fruit and a strong whiff of wet dog. In the mouth, things quickly turn grapey, and then that overt fruitiness morphs into cherry and espresso. Meanwhile, bursting acidity throughout keeps it lively and fresh. Best Buy.", 'A creamy, buttery texture wraps around a core of bright lemon and apple flavors. This is balanced slightly toward sweetness as the luxurious viscosity carries the vivid flavors into the finish.', 'Six months in oak barrels have given the nose of this wine a lovely overlay of mocha and coffee on top of the cherry fruit. Raspberry flavors dominate the mouth while vanilla and strawberry linger on the finish. Lush acidity and only the barest remnant of tannin make this a good choice forwhite fish in a fruit-based sauce. END
START HERE A creamy, buttery texture wraps around a core of bright lemon and apple flavors. This is balanced slightly toward sweetness as the luxurious viscosity carries the vivid flavors into the finish.', 'Six months in oak barrels have given the nose of this wine a lovely overlay of mocha and coffee on top of the cherry fruit. Raspberry flavors dominate the mouth while vanilla and strawberry linger on the finish. Lush acidity and only the barest remnant of tannin make this a good choice forwhite fish in a fruit-based sauce.', "Normally we're leery about new brands with catchy names, but this one does chart a new direction...and it's a good one. A little sweet and teetering on syrupy on the nose, this Malbec draws it back in the mouth and shows balanced black fruit flavors, thickness, saturation and length. Thoroughly modern in style. END
START HERE Six months in oak barrels have given the nose of this wine a lovely overlay of mocha and coffee on top of the cherry fruit. Raspberry flavors dominate the mouth while vanilla and strawberry linger on the finish. Lush acidity and only the barest remnant of tannin make this a good choice forwhite fish in a fruit-based sauce.', "Normally we're leery about new brands with catchy names, but this one does chart a new direction...and it's a good one. A little sweet and teetering on syrupy on the nose, this Malbec draws it back in the mouth and shows balanced black fruit flavors, thickness, saturation and length. Thoroughly modern in style.", 'Exuberant, ripe fruit flavor energizes this medium-bodied yet smooth and fresh-textured wine. Shadings of spicy oak add complexity.  The freshness and fruit will make a great pairing with spiced meats. END
START HERE Normally we're leery about new brands with catchy names, but this one does chart a new direction...and it's a good one. A little sweet and teetering on syrupy on the nose, this Malbec draws it back in the mouth and shows balanced black fruit flavors, thickness, saturation and length. Thoroughly modern in style.", 'Exuberant, ripe fruit flavor energizes this medium-bodied yet smooth and fresh-textured wine. Shadings of spicy oak add complexity.  The freshness and fruit will make a great pairing with spiced meats.', 'This opens with a breezy fragrance of citrus zest and mandarin leaf, hinting at deeper, riper peach within. The palate is soft but defined; while slender, it still abounds with citrus-framed peach. END
START HERE Exuberant, ripe fruit flavor energizes this medium-bodied yet smooth and fresh-textured wine. Shadings of spicy oak add complexity.  The freshness and fruit will make a great pairing with spiced meats.', 'This opens with a breezy fragrance of citrus zest and mandarin leaf, hinting at deeper, riper peach within. The palate is soft but defined; while slender, it still abounds with citrus-framed peach.', 'A straight-shooting blend of Sangiovese and Syrah for picnics or weekends away with friends. The wine goes down easy, and offers fresh cherry and blueberry flavors along the way. END
START HERE This opens with a breezy fragrance of citrus zest and mandarin leaf, hinting at deeper, riper peach within. The palate is soft but defined; while slender, it still abounds with citrus-framed peach.', 'A straight-shooting blend of Sangiovese and Syrah for picnics or weekends away with friends. The wine goes down easy, and offers fresh cherry and blueberry flavors along the way.', 'Dry and crisp, this is a fruity, red currant-flavored wine. Bright acidity and a light texture give a final bite of structure to an otherwise soft and ready to drink release. END
START HERE A straight-shooting blend of Sangiovese and Syrah for picnics or weekends away with friends. The wine goes down easy, and offers fresh cherry and blueberry flavors along the way.', 'Dry and crisp, this is a fruity, red currant-flavored wine. Bright acidity and a light texture give a final bite of structure to an otherwise soft and ready to drink release.', "Superripe black cherry and dried plum aromas, generous and rich fruit flavors and a smooth texture make this appealing all the way through. Made from Tempranillo and four other varieties, it's boldly flavored but not especially full-bodied, and feels just grippy enough on the palate to go well with burgers and ribs. END
START HERE Dry and crisp, this is a fruity, red currant-flavored wine. Bright acidity and a light texture give a final bite of structure to an otherwise soft and ready to drink release.', "Superripe black cherry and dried plum aromas, generous and rich fruit flavors and a smooth texture make this appealing all the way through. Made from Tempranillo and four other varieties, it's boldly flavored but not especially full-bodied, and feels just grippy enough on the palate to go well with burgers and ribs.", 'Aromas of pineapple, ripe melon and lemon create a balanced bouquet, while the citrus and banana on the palate make for a ripe and ready offering. The finish is long, clean and fresh, and the mouthfeel is good and lean, and overall quite crisp. Standard fare, but a good example of Chardonnay. END
START HERE Superripe black cherry and dried plum aromas, generous and rich fruit flavors and a smooth texture make this appealing all the way through. Made from Tempranillo and four other varieties, it's boldly flavored but not especially full-bodied, and feels just grippy enough on the palate to go well with burgers and ribs.", 'Aromas of pineapple, ripe melon and lemon create a balanced bouquet, while the citrus and banana on the palate make for a ripe and ready offering. The finish is long, clean and fresh, and the mouthfeel is good and lean, and overall quite crisp. Standard fare, but a good example of Chardonnay.', 'A rich, bold wine full of wood flavors that are already well integrated with the ripe fruit and solid tannins. The wine is dense, while having a surface polish of smooth fruitiness. Give the wine 3–5 years. END
START HERE Aromas of pineapple, ripe melon and lemon create a balanced bouquet, while the citrus and banana on the palate make for a ripe and ready offering. The finish is long, clean and fresh, and the mouthfeel is good and lean, and overall quite crisp. Standard fare, but a good example of Chardonnay.', 'A rich, bold wine full of wood flavors that are already well integrated with the ripe fruit and solid tannins. The wine is dense, while having a surface polish of smooth fruitiness. Give the wine 3–5 years.', 'This wine is a soft, lean selection, with closed aromas and tight flavors of black currant and cherry that struggle to appear fully. The palate is clean but fleeting, with little texture and a short finish. END
START HERE A rich, bold wine full of wood flavors that are already well integrated with the ripe fruit and solid tannins. The wine is dense, while having a surface polish of smooth fruitiness. Give the wine 3–5 years.', 'This wine is a soft, lean selection, with closed aromas and tight flavors of black currant and cherry that struggle to appear fully. The palate is clean but fleeting, with little texture and a short finish.', 'Pale red in color, this fruity rosé was one of the originals in the current pink Vinho Verde trend. It is still one of the best. It has a lively, ripe strawberry note accompanied by a touch of caramel and bright acidity. END
START HERE This wine is a soft, lean selection, with closed aromas and tight flavors of black currant and cherry that struggle to appear fully. The palate is clean but fleeting, with little texture and a short finish.', 'Pale red in color, this fruity rosé was one of the originals in the current pink Vinho Verde trend. It is still one of the best. It has a lively, ripe strawberry note accompanied by a touch of caramel and bright acidity.', 'Grassy citrus aromas blend with sulfur and yeasty, dusty notes. A moderate acidic cut meets flavors of melon, quince and citrus fruits to finish quick and mild. Drink now before this turns for the worse. END
START HERE Pale red in color, this fruity rosé was one of the originals in the current pink Vinho Verde trend. It is still one of the best. It has a lively, ripe strawberry note accompanied by a touch of caramel and bright acidity.', 'Grassy citrus aromas blend with sulfur and yeasty, dusty notes. A moderate acidic cut meets flavors of melon, quince and citrus fruits to finish quick and mild. Drink now before this turns for the worse.', 'A soft, lightly fruity wine, this is light in texture and flavor, with the merest hints of citrus fruits, apples and tangy orange. The wine is ready to drink. END
START HERE Grassy citrus aromas blend with sulfur and yeasty, dusty notes. A moderate acidic cut meets flavors of melon, quince and citrus fruits to finish quick and mild. Drink now before this turns for the worse.', 'A soft, lightly fruity wine, this is light in texture and flavor, with the merest hints of citrus fruits, apples and tangy orange. The wine is ready to drink.', "The over-exuberance of wood aging spoils this wine. With strong spice and equally tannic elements, it's all about the skeleton and not about the flesh of the fruit. END
START HERE A soft, lightly fruity wine, this is light in texture and flavor, with the merest hints of citrus fruits, apples and tangy orange. The wine is ready to drink.', "The over-exuberance of wood aging spoils this wine. With strong spice and equally tannic elements, it's all about the skeleton and not about the flesh of the fruit.", "This medium-sweet offering has aromas of lime leaf and jasmine that lead to apricot and floral flavors. There's not a lot of complexity but it offers easy drinking enjoyment. END
START HERE The over-exuberance of wood aging spoils this wine. With strong spice and equally tannic elements, it's all about the skeleton and not about the flesh of the fruit.", "This medium-sweet offering has aromas of lime leaf and jasmine that lead to apricot and floral flavors. There's not a lot of complexity but it offers easy drinking enjoyment.", 'At first, this smells charred and meaty, but blackberry, leather and roasted plum aromas soon sneak out. This runs big, with good acidity and manageable tannins. Flavors of cherry and cassis are lively and familiar. END
START HERE This medium-sweet offering has aromas of lime leaf and jasmine that lead to apricot and floral flavors. There's not a lot of complexity but it offers easy drinking enjoyment.", 'At first, this smells charred and meaty, but blackberry, leather and roasted plum aromas soon sneak out. This runs big, with good acidity and manageable tannins. Flavors of cherry and cassis are lively and familiar.', "Melted fudge and asphalt are draped on this young wine's bouquet. Given that opening, a palate of black plum and cassis isn't surprising. Feelwise, it's a touch rough and tannic, which is probably to be expected. Turns more herbal the more you sniff and swirl. END
START HERE At first, this smells charred and meaty, but blackberry, leather and roasted plum aromas soon sneak out. This runs big, with good acidity and manageable tannins. Flavors of cherry and cassis are lively and familiar.', "Melted fudge and asphalt are draped on this young wine's bouquet. Given that opening, a palate of black plum and cassis isn't surprising. Feelwise, it's a touch rough and tannic, which is probably to be expected. Turns more herbal the more you sniff and swirl.", 'Redolent of intense grapefruit and pineapple, this is a classy, fruit-driven single-vineyard Sauvignon Blanc. Although this is aged entirely in stainless steel, there is a hint of cracker on the finish. END
START HERE Melted fudge and asphalt are draped on this young wine's bouquet. Given that opening, a palate of black plum and cassis isn't surprising. Feelwise, it's a touch rough and tannic, which is probably to be expected. Turns more herbal the more you sniff and swirl.", 'Redolent of intense grapefruit and pineapple, this is a classy, fruit-driven single-vineyard Sauvignon Blanc. Although this is aged entirely in stainless steel, there is a hint of cracker on the finish.', "This is a large-production Sauvignon Blanc that tastes delicious. If you like grapefruit and pomelo flavors, you will love this enticingly priced white that's got razor sharp acidity, a touch of New Zealand-like grass and a long finish. END
START HERE Redolent of intense grapefruit and pineapple, this is a classy, fruit-driven single-vineyard Sauvignon Blanc. Although this is aged entirely in stainless steel, there is a hint of cracker on the finish.', "This is a large-production Sauvignon Blanc that tastes delicious. If you like grapefruit and pomelo flavors, you will love this enticingly priced white that's got razor sharp acidity, a touch of New Zealand-like grass and a long finish.", 'Strawberry and wet hay aromas give way to a sweet berry-flavored attack, but the wine turns tart and almost shrill on the finish. A green, stemmy sensation lingers in the mouth, along with dark coffee flavors. END
START HERE This is a large-production Sauvignon Blanc that tastes delicious. If you like grapefruit and pomelo flavors, you will love this enticingly priced white that's got razor sharp acidity, a touch of New Zealand-like grass and a long finish.", 'Strawberry and wet hay aromas give way to a sweet berry-flavored attack, but the wine turns tart and almost shrill on the finish. A green, stemmy sensation lingers in the mouth, along with dark coffee flavors.', "There's an herbal streak to the berry center of this wine, with just the faintest suggestion of mocha that unfolds on the finish. The texture is full and slightly creamy, with dusty tannins providing enough structure and balance. END
START HERE Strawberry and wet hay aromas give way to a sweet berry-flavored attack, but the wine turns tart and almost shrill on the finish. A green, stemmy sensation lingers in the mouth, along with dark coffee flavors.', "There's an herbal streak to the berry center of this wine, with just the faintest suggestion of mocha that unfolds on the finish. The texture is full and slightly creamy, with dusty tannins providing enough structure and balance.", "It's rustic, but there's something balanced and enjoyable in this wine. Combines blackberry and olive notes with some green, stalky flavors that add interest. It's absolutely dry, not just in the official sense, but in the mouth, with a dusting of tannins. Best Buy. END
START HERE There's an herbal streak to the berry center of this wine, with just the faintest suggestion of mocha that unfolds on the finish. The texture is full and slightly creamy, with dusty tannins providing enough structure and balance.", "It's rustic, but there's something balanced and enjoyable in this wine. Combines blackberry and olive notes with some green, stalky flavors that add interest. It's absolutely dry, not just in the official sense, but in the mouth, with a dusting of tannins. Best Buy.", 'Sturdy and flavorful, this is a well-made, dry and moderately tannic wine that smells beefy, salt-and-peppery, and tastes juicy like raspberries and cherries with a little bit of meatiness coming through for complexity. The texture has good grip and acidity so the wine will pair well with big proteins. END
START HERE It's rustic, but there's something balanced and enjoyable in this wine. Combines blackberry and olive notes with some green, stalky flavors that add interest. It's absolutely dry, not just in the official sense, but in the mouth, with a dusting of tannins. Best Buy.", 'Sturdy and flavorful, this is a well-made, dry and moderately tannic wine that smells beefy, salt-and-peppery, and tastes juicy like raspberries and cherries with a little bit of meatiness coming through for complexity. The texture has good grip and acidity so the wine will pair well with big proteins.', 'Warm and solid, with weight and color. The palate is well rounded and full, with sweet, semisticky berry flavors and a lashing of oak. The finish turns a little herbal and earthy, while the lasting flavors are of vanilla and wood resin. END
START HERE Sturdy and flavorful, this is a well-made, dry and moderately tannic wine that smells beefy, salt-and-peppery, and tastes juicy like raspberries and cherries with a little bit of meatiness coming through for complexity. The texture has good grip and acidity so the wine will pair well with big proteins.', 'Warm and solid, with weight and color. The palate is well rounded and full, with sweet, semisticky berry flavors and a lashing of oak. The finish turns a little herbal and earthy, while the lasting flavors are of vanilla and wood resin.', "Chardonnays of this caliber are very price-sensitive, but for $10 or less, this is a good value. It's like a photocopy of a truly rich Chardonnay, but all the parts are there, making this Chard good for everyday drinking. END
START HERE Warm and solid, with weight and color. The palate is well rounded and full, with sweet, semisticky berry flavors and a lashing of oak. The finish turns a little herbal and earthy, while the lasting flavors are of vanilla and wood resin.', "Chardonnays of this caliber are very price-sensitive, but for $10 or less, this is a good value. It's like a photocopy of a truly rich Chardonnay, but all the parts are there, making this Chard good for everyday drinking.", 'Straightforward apple and peach aromas announce your basic everyday quaffing Chardonnay: this is low on minerality and acidity, and thus it tastes of banana, melon and vanilla. A flat, melony finish lacks acidic framework. END
START HERE Chardonnays of this caliber are very price-sensitive, but for $10 or less, this is a good value. It's like a photocopy of a truly rich Chardonnay, but all the parts are there, making this Chard good for everyday drinking.", 'Straightforward apple and peach aromas announce your basic everyday quaffing Chardonnay: this is low on minerality and acidity, and thus it tastes of banana, melon and vanilla. A flat, melony finish lacks acidic framework.', 'This is rough and gritty smelling, with burnt, stalky berry aromas. It feels straightforward, with rubbery-tasting berry flavors that lead to a sweet, warm finish. END
START HERE Straightforward apple and peach aromas announce your basic everyday quaffing Chardonnay: this is low on minerality and acidity, and thus it tastes of banana, melon and vanilla. A flat, melony finish lacks acidic framework.', 'This is rough and gritty smelling, with burnt, stalky berry aromas. It feels straightforward, with rubbery-tasting berry flavors that lead to a sweet, warm finish.', 'Semisweet it is, with 12.2% alcohol and 30 g/L residual sugar. Lightly scented with bath powder, lavender and rose petal aromas, this brings on citrus and peach fruit, with a bit of phenolic bite carrying the finish. END
START HERE This is rough and gritty smelling, with burnt, stalky berry aromas. It feels straightforward, with rubbery-tasting berry flavors that lead to a sweet, warm finish.', 'Semisweet it is, with 12.2% alcohol and 30 g/L residual sugar. Lightly scented with bath powder, lavender and rose petal aromas, this brings on citrus and peach fruit, with a bit of phenolic bite carrying the finish.', 'Tarry black-cherry aromas are a bit damp, oaky and scratchy, but overall this opens well. A solid, firm, edgy palate offers flavors of herbal blackberry and baked black plum, while the finish is meaty and a touch salty. END
START HERE Semisweet it is, with 12.2% alcohol and 30 g/L residual sugar. Lightly scented with bath powder, lavender and rose petal aromas, this brings on citrus and peach fruit, with a bit of phenolic bite carrying the finish.', 'Tarry black-cherry aromas are a bit damp, oaky and scratchy, but overall this opens well. A solid, firm, edgy palate offers flavors of herbal blackberry and baked black plum, while the finish is meaty and a touch salty.', 'A generous, smooth texture and nicely bright flavors of lemon, lime and apple make this a satisfying wine. It is medium to full bodied, soft in acidity, but fresh in flavor. It should be a winner for large groups. END
START HERE Tarry black-cherry aromas are a bit damp, oaky and scratchy, but overall this opens well. A solid, firm, edgy palate offers flavors of herbal blackberry and baked black plum, while the finish is meaty and a touch salty.', 'A generous, smooth texture and nicely bright flavors of lemon, lime and apple make this a satisfying wine. It is medium to full bodied, soft in acidity, but fresh in flavor. It should be a winner for large groups.', "Volatile aromas provide significant distraction. The black- and blue-fruit flavors are easy drinking but can't provide enough counterbalance. END
START HERE A generous, smooth texture and nicely bright flavors of lemon, lime and apple make this a satisfying wine. It is medium to full bodied, soft in acidity, but fresh in flavor. It should be a winner for large groups.', "Volatile aromas provide significant distraction. The black- and blue-fruit flavors are easy drinking but can't provide enough counterbalance.", "Pear and vanilla aromas are what you'd call basic, and there's a briney note as well. Feels about medium, with mild acidity and a dilute quality to the palate feel. Tastes of lime and green banana, with brine and fresh bell pepper thrown in. END
START HERE Volatile aromas provide significant distraction. The black- and blue-fruit flavors are easy drinking but can't provide enough counterbalance.", "Pear and vanilla aromas are what you'd call basic, and there's a briney note as well. Feels about medium, with mild acidity and a dilute quality to the palate feel. Tastes of lime and green banana, with brine and fresh bell pepper thrown in.", "Light citrus, green herb and nettle aromas are just what you'd expect from Leyda SB, and the palate has a plump, easy feel along with fresh flavors of melon, tangerine and nectarine. More round than linear, with good length and clarity. END
START HERE Pear and vanilla aromas are what you'd call basic, and there's a briney note as well. Feels about medium, with mild acidity and a dilute quality to the palate feel. Tastes of lime and green banana, with brine and fresh bell pepper thrown in.", "Light citrus, green herb and nettle aromas are just what you'd expect from Leyda SB, and the palate has a plump, easy feel along with fresh flavors of melon, tangerine and nectarine. More round than linear, with good length and clarity.", 'This medium-bodied wine piles strong smoky, savory flavors on a relatively light frame to give a lot of taste impact without heaviness. Aromas are like tobacco and black olive, turning to licorice and dark berries on the palate. END
START HERE Light citrus, green herb and nettle aromas are just what you'd expect from Leyda SB, and the palate has a plump, easy feel along with fresh flavors of melon, tangerine and nectarine. More round than linear, with good length and clarity.", 'This medium-bodied wine piles strong smoky, savory flavors on a relatively light frame to give a lot of taste impact without heaviness. Aromas are like tobacco and black olive, turning to licorice and dark berries on the palate.', 'The bouquet is neutral except for a spot of lemon-lime. The palate is clean and balanced, with decent weight and fresh acidity. Flavors of green fruit, scallion, mineral and herb fall off on the finish. Drink immediately. END
START HERE This medium-bodied wine piles strong smoky, savory flavors on a relatively light frame to give a lot of taste impact without heaviness. Aromas are like tobacco and black olive, turning to licorice and dark berries on the palate.', 'The bouquet is neutral except for a spot of lemon-lime. The palate is clean and balanced, with decent weight and fresh acidity. Flavors of green fruit, scallion, mineral and herb fall off on the finish. Drink immediately.', 'Saline and basic citrus aromas feed into a fresh, light-bodied palate with citrus, lettuce and minerally flavors. A modest, firm finish is light but clean. This epitomizes the good qualities of value-priced Chilean SB. END
START HERE The bouquet is neutral except for a spot of lemon-lime. The palate is clean and balanced, with decent weight and fresh acidity. Flavors of green fruit, scallion, mineral and herb fall off on the finish. Drink immediately.', 'Saline and basic citrus aromas feed into a fresh, light-bodied palate with citrus, lettuce and minerally flavors. A modest, firm finish is light but clean. This epitomizes the good qualities of value-priced Chilean SB.', 'This medium weight Chardonnay offered aromas of overripe pineapple and citrus with an odd note somewhere between citrus and varnish. The apple and mild citrus flavors lack vitality, and turn overly tart on the finish. END
START HERE Saline and basic citrus aromas feed into a fresh, light-bodied palate with citrus, lettuce and minerally flavors. A modest, firm finish is light but clean. This epitomizes the good qualities of value-priced Chilean SB.', 'This medium weight Chardonnay offered aromas of overripe pineapple and citrus with an odd note somewhere between citrus and varnish. The apple and mild citrus flavors lack vitality, and turn overly tart on the finish.', 'Grapefruit aromas are a touch stale and harsh. This feels plump, with just enough acidity. Citrus and green-herb flavors roll onto a finish that feels oily and grabby. END
START HERE This medium weight Chardonnay offered aromas of overripe pineapple and citrus with an odd note somewhere between citrus and varnish. The apple and mild citrus flavors lack vitality, and turn overly tart on the finish.', 'Grapefruit aromas are a touch stale and harsh. This feels plump, with just enough acidity. Citrus and green-herb flavors roll onto a finish that feels oily and grabby.', 'A fresh, crisp wine, full of raspberry and red currant fruits, benefiting from a firm presence of acidity, a light touch of caramel and spice. A proper summer rosé. END
START HERE Grapefruit aromas are a touch stale and harsh. This feels plump, with just enough acidity. Citrus and green-herb flavors roll onto a finish that feels oily and grabby.', 'A fresh, crisp wine, full of raspberry and red currant fruits, benefiting from a firm presence of acidity, a light touch of caramel and spice. A proper summer rosé.', 'Way too much banana, mango and sugar. Not a prime-time player. END
START HERE A fresh, crisp wine, full of raspberry and red currant fruits, benefiting from a firm presence of acidity, a light touch of caramel and spice. A proper summer rosé.', 'Way too much banana, mango and sugar. Not a prime-time player.', 'Clean but neutral, with decent lift, zest and body. The flavors run sweet to tropical, with pithy notes and a hint of green vegetables on the finish. Very basic and worthwhile, but regular in every sense of the word. END
START HERE Way too much banana, mango and sugar. Not a prime-time player.', 'Clean but neutral, with decent lift, zest and body. The flavors run sweet to tropical, with pithy notes and a hint of green vegetables on the finish. Very basic and worthwhile, but regular in every sense of the word.', 'Another Best Buy for this delightful everyday Chardonnay. Shows flavors of peaches and cream, buttered toast and pineapples, with a nice, flowery edge. END
START HERE Clean but neutral, with decent lift, zest and body. The flavors run sweet to tropical, with pithy notes and a hint of green vegetables on the finish. Very basic and worthwhile, but regular in every sense of the word.', 'Another Best Buy for this delightful everyday Chardonnay. Shows flavors of peaches and cream, buttered toast and pineapples, with a nice, flowery edge.', 'Soft, savory aromas of smoked meat and pepper typify this poised red from Stellenbosch. The elegant, integrated style marries spicy fruit and minerals in a gentle but ageable package. Food friendly because of its acid balance, the wine will be excellent with everything from duck breast to filet mignon. END
START HERE Another Best Buy for this delightful everyday Chardonnay. Shows flavors of peaches and cream, buttered toast and pineapples, with a nice, flowery edge.', 'Soft, savory aromas of smoked meat and pepper typify this poised red from Stellenbosch. The elegant, integrated style marries spicy fruit and minerals in a gentle but ageable package. Food friendly because of its acid balance, the wine will be excellent with everything from duck breast to filet mignon.', "Here's a perfect go-to, every day Riesling for warm weather. Pretty fruit flavors of peach and apple are laced with orange pekoe tea. Medium-bodied and mouthfilling, it's got excellent length and structure. END
START HERE Soft, savory aromas of smoked meat and pepper typify this poised red from Stellenbosch. The elegant, integrated style marries spicy fruit and minerals in a gentle but ageable package. Food friendly because of its acid balance, the wine will be excellent with everything from duck breast to filet mignon.', "Here's a perfect go-to, every day Riesling for warm weather. Pretty fruit flavors of peach and apple are laced with orange pekoe tea. Medium-bodied and mouthfilling, it's got excellent length and structure.", "Slicks of preserved peach and apple marmalade juxtapose vivacious lime and lemon in this juicy, off-dry Riesling. It's a satisfyingly fruity, pert wine finishing crisp and clean. Drink now through 2018. END
START HERE Here's a perfect go-to, every day Riesling for warm weather. Pretty fruit flavors of peach and apple are laced with orange pekoe tea. Medium-bodied and mouthfilling, it's got excellent length and structure.", "Slicks of preserved peach and apple marmalade juxtapose vivacious lime and lemon in this juicy, off-dry Riesling. It's a satisfyingly fruity, pert wine finishing crisp and clean. Drink now through 2018.", "This dense and solid wine comes from the eastern ends of the Entre-deux-Mers. It is full of black fruits that balance the firm, dry tannins. Juicy acidity bursts in at the end for a wine that's already delicious and will age well. Best to drink from 2017. END
START HERE Slicks of preserved peach and apple marmalade juxtapose vivacious lime and lemon in this juicy, off-dry Riesling. It's a satisfyingly fruity, pert wine finishing crisp and clean. Drink now through 2018.", "This dense and solid wine comes from the eastern ends of the Entre-deux-Mers. It is full of black fruits that balance the firm, dry tannins. Juicy acidity bursts in at the end for a wine that's already delicious and will age well. Best to drink from 2017.", "For whatever reason, this wine consistently fails to impress. Once again, it's vegetal and pickled, with forced flavors of candy and too much residual sugar. Forget it if you only drink dry rosé. END
START HERE This dense and solid wine comes from the eastern ends of the Entre-deux-Mers. It is full of black fruits that balance the firm, dry tannins. Juicy acidity bursts in at the end for a wine that's already delicious and will age well. Best to drink from 2017.", "For whatever reason, this wine consistently fails to impress. Once again, it's vegetal and pickled, with forced flavors of candy and too much residual sugar. Forget it if you only drink dry rosé.", "Drinkable, but just barely, even at this everyday price. It's soft and cloyingly sweet, with raspberry and cocoa flavors. END
START HERE For whatever reason, this wine consistently fails to impress. Once again, it's vegetal and pickled, with forced flavors of candy and too much residual sugar. Forget it if you only drink dry rosé.", "Drinkable, but just barely, even at this everyday price. It's soft and cloyingly sweet, with raspberry and cocoa flavors.", 'Rather dilute, it shows slight black-cherry and blackberry aromas and flavors. The overall impression is really little more than alcohol and faint body. Finishes very dry, with innocuous tannins. END
START HERE Drinkable, but just barely, even at this everyday price. It's soft and cloyingly sweet, with raspberry and cocoa flavors.", 'Rather dilute, it shows slight black-cherry and blackberry aromas and flavors. The overall impression is really little more than alcohol and faint body. Finishes very dry, with innocuous tannins.', "If you like your Rieslings on the sweet side, this pretty wine is for you. It's brisk in Central Coast acidity, with citrus, peach, honeysuckle and spice flavors that finish clean and long. END
START HERE Rather dilute, it shows slight black-cherry and blackberry aromas and flavors. The overall impression is really little more than alcohol and faint body. Finishes very dry, with innocuous tannins.', "If you like your Rieslings on the sweet side, this pretty wine is for you. It's brisk in Central Coast acidity, with citrus, peach, honeysuckle and spice flavors that finish clean and long.", "Quite why Smart Dog is a good name for a wine is a mystery. The wine itself a rich, soft Syrah with attractive ripe blackberry and plum flavors and soft, finely integrated tannins. It's an enjoyable wine that's ready to drink. END
START HERE If you like your Rieslings on the sweet side, this pretty wine is for you. It's brisk in Central Coast acidity, with citrus, peach, honeysuckle and spice flavors that finish clean and long.", "Quite why Smart Dog is a good name for a wine is a mystery. The wine itself a rich, soft Syrah with attractive ripe blackberry and plum flavors and soft, finely integrated tannins. It's an enjoyable wine that's ready to drink.", "This screwcapped Cab means business from the start, with its arresting blast of delicious black pepper, coffee and spice. On the palate, it's a little less grounded and tends toward a less complex, fruity character, but overall, offers good, standard Cabernet flavors at a palatable price. END
START HERE Quite why Smart Dog is a good name for a wine is a mystery. The wine itself a rich, soft Syrah with attractive ripe blackberry and plum flavors and soft, finely integrated tannins. It's an enjoyable wine that's ready to drink.", "This screwcapped Cab means business from the start, with its arresting blast of delicious black pepper, coffee and spice. On the palate, it's a little less grounded and tends toward a less complex, fruity character, but overall, offers good, standard Cabernet flavors at a palatable price.", 'Veramonte is one of the early proponents of Casablanca, and this wine sings a pretty tune. The bouquet offers apple, melon, pear and a kiss of solid oak, while the palate shows vanilla along with soft pear and apple flavors. Balanced and a touch sweet, but not too oaky or resiny. Imported by Huneeus Vintners, LLC. END
START HERE This screwcapped Cab means business from the start, with its arresting blast of delicious black pepper, coffee and spice. On the palate, it's a little less grounded and tends toward a less complex, fruity character, but overall, offers good, standard Cabernet flavors at a palatable price.", 'Veramonte is one of the early proponents of Casablanca, and this wine sings a pretty tune. The bouquet offers apple, melon, pear and a kiss of solid oak, while the palate shows vanilla along with soft pear and apple flavors. Balanced and a touch sweet, but not too oaky or resiny. Imported by Huneeus Vintners, LLC.', 'Gobs of ripe fruit flavor and a smooth texture make this medium-bodied wine delicious and appealing. It smells like molasses and boysenberries, tastes jammy, and has no harsh tannins. END
START HERE Veramonte is one of the early proponents of Casablanca, and this wine sings a pretty tune. The bouquet offers apple, melon, pear and a kiss of solid oak, while the palate shows vanilla along with soft pear and apple flavors. Balanced and a touch sweet, but not too oaky or resiny. Imported by Huneeus Vintners, LLC.', 'Gobs of ripe fruit flavor and a smooth texture make this medium-bodied wine delicious and appealing. It smells like molasses and boysenberries, tastes jammy, and has no harsh tannins.', "Black plum, slate, black rocks, red cherry and a touch of sandalwood show on the nose of this red blend that offers decent quality for the price. Pepper and pencil lead combine for a vibrant palate that's grippy in structure and lively in acidity. END
START HERE Gobs of ripe fruit flavor and a smooth texture make this medium-bodied wine delicious and appealing. It smells like molasses and boysenberries, tastes jammy, and has no harsh tannins.', "Black plum, slate, black rocks, red cherry and a touch of sandalwood show on the nose of this red blend that offers decent quality for the price. Pepper and pencil lead combine for a vibrant palate that's grippy in structure and lively in acidity.", 'Meaty, spicy accents enliven this full-bodied and ripe-tasting wine, adding a layer of interest and depth. The aromas and flavors show blackberries and black pepper, while the texture is smooth and a sense of richness on the lingering the finish. END
START HERE Black plum, slate, black rocks, red cherry and a touch of sandalwood show on the nose of this red blend that offers decent quality for the price. Pepper and pencil lead combine for a vibrant palate that's grippy in structure and lively in acidity.", 'Meaty, spicy accents enliven this full-bodied and ripe-tasting wine, adding a layer of interest and depth. The aromas and flavors show blackberries and black pepper, while the texture is smooth and a sense of richness on the lingering the finish.', 'A sound, everyday Merlot. It has ripe blackberry, cherry, currant and cola flavors, and feels smooth and rich in the mouth. Great job at this price. END
START HERE Meaty, spicy accents enliven this full-bodied and ripe-tasting wine, adding a layer of interest and depth. The aromas and flavors show blackberries and black pepper, while the texture is smooth and a sense of richness on the lingering the finish.', 'A sound, everyday Merlot. It has ripe blackberry, cherry, currant and cola flavors, and feels smooth and rich in the mouth. Great job at this price.', "Nobilvite (Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon) offers slightly disjointed aromas of black fruit and prune backed by green olive and caper. There's a touch of sourness on the otherwise short finish. END
START HERE A sound, everyday Merlot. It has ripe blackberry, cherry, currant and cola flavors, and feels smooth and rich in the mouth. Great job at this price.', "Nobilvite (Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon) offers slightly disjointed aromas of black fruit and prune backed by green olive and caper. There's a touch of sourness on the otherwise short finish.", 'From Markham, this medium-weight effort adds a touch of mint and a creamy, lactic note to blackberry and blueberry fruit. The finish is long, highlighting waves of supersoft tannins and juicy berries. —J.C. END
START HERE Nobilvite (Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon) offers slightly disjointed aromas of black fruit and prune backed by green olive and caper. There's a touch of sourness on the otherwise short finish.", 'From Markham, this medium-weight effort adds a touch of mint and a creamy, lactic note to blackberry and blueberry fruit. The finish is long, highlighting waves of supersoft tannins and juicy berries. —J.C.', 'Just off-dry, this is a smooth, caramel and red fruit flavored wine. It has plenty of acidity to balance its soft texture, with red currant freshness coming in at the end. Drink now. END
START HERE From Markham, this medium-weight effort adds a touch of mint and a creamy, lactic note to blackberry and blueberry fruit. The finish is long, highlighting waves of supersoft tannins and juicy berries. —J.C.', 'Just off-dry, this is a smooth, caramel and red fruit flavored wine. It has plenty of acidity to balance its soft texture, with red currant freshness coming in at the end. Drink now.', 'Pale lemony color. Classic Mosel nose of stone, slate, white peach and flower blossoms. Vibrant and crisp, balancing the sweetness on the palate and resulting in a wine with a juicy texture and moderate intensity, turning racy on the finish. Not overly complex, but refined. END
START HERE Just off-dry, this is a smooth, caramel and red fruit flavored wine. It has plenty of acidity to balance its soft texture, with red currant freshness coming in at the end. Drink now.', 'Pale lemony color. Classic Mosel nose of stone, slate, white peach and flower blossoms. Vibrant and crisp, balancing the sweetness on the palate and resulting in a wine with a juicy texture and moderate intensity, turning racy on the finish. Not overly complex, but refined.', 'This smells candied and oddly citrusy, with unusual blueberry and exotic spice aromas. The mouthfeel is fresh and grabby, while the flavors of raspberry and vanilla are generally appealing and alert. Short on the finish. END
START HERE Pale lemony color. Classic Mosel nose of stone, slate, white peach and flower blossoms. Vibrant and crisp, balancing the sweetness on the palate and resulting in a wine with a juicy texture and moderate intensity, turning racy on the finish. Not overly complex, but refined.', 'This smells candied and oddly citrusy, with unusual blueberry and exotic spice aromas. The mouthfeel is fresh and grabby, while the flavors of raspberry and vanilla are generally appealing and alert. Short on the finish.', 'A good sense of concentration and depth make this medium-bodied wine taste big and satisfying without overdoing it. It has a very dark color, fruity and lightly spicy aromas, rich plum and black cherry flavors and rather mild tannins. END
START HERE This smells candied and oddly citrusy, with unusual blueberry and exotic spice aromas. The mouthfeel is fresh and grabby, while the flavors of raspberry and vanilla are generally appealing and alert. Short on the finish.', 'A good sense of concentration and depth make this medium-bodied wine taste big and satisfying without overdoing it. It has a very dark color, fruity and lightly spicy aromas, rich plum and black cherry flavors and rather mild tannins.', 'This blend of Merlot, Syrah, Petit Sirah and Primitivo is aromatic and fruit-filled, with notes of confection, blueberry pie, plum, licorice and red fruit. The flavors are sweet, primary and direct with a smooth feel. END
START HERE A good sense of concentration and depth make this medium-bodied wine taste big and satisfying without overdoing it. It has a very dark color, fruity and lightly spicy aromas, rich plum and black cherry flavors and rather mild tannins.', 'This blend of Merlot, Syrah, Petit Sirah and Primitivo is aromatic and fruit-filled, with notes of confection, blueberry pie, plum, licorice and red fruit. The flavors are sweet, primary and direct with a smooth feel.', 'After whiffs of burnt rubber and char blow off, this berry-packed Cabernet hits like a small brick with black fruit flavor, which packs punch and aftershocks of cocoa and coffee. Chunky, rough and warm. END
START HERE This blend of Merlot, Syrah, Petit Sirah and Primitivo is aromatic and fruit-filled, with notes of confection, blueberry pie, plum, licorice and red fruit. The flavors are sweet, primary and direct with a smooth feel.', 'After whiffs of burnt rubber and char blow off, this berry-packed Cabernet hits like a small brick with black fruit flavor, which packs punch and aftershocks of cocoa and coffee. Chunky, rough and warm.', 'An aroma like canned fruit and rather lean flavors make this a basic wine with a narrow profile. END
START HERE After whiffs of burnt rubber and char blow off, this berry-packed Cabernet hits like a small brick with black fruit flavor, which packs punch and aftershocks of cocoa and coffee. Chunky, rough and warm.', 'An aroma like canned fruit and rather lean flavors make this a basic wine with a narrow profile.', 'Appealing notes include pear, jasmine and orange blossom. It drinks a hair off dry with stone fruit flavors that seem a bit dilute. END
START HERE An aroma like canned fruit and rather lean flavors make this a basic wine with a narrow profile.', 'Appealing notes include pear, jasmine and orange blossom. It drinks a hair off dry with stone fruit flavors that seem a bit dilute.', 'Judged even by its high alcohol, this is not a fresh rosé. While it does have fruit, it is dragged down by its weight. Super-ripe strawberry fruits and pepper complete the overdrawn picture. END
START HERE Appealing notes include pear, jasmine and orange blossom. It drinks a hair off dry with stone fruit flavors that seem a bit dilute.', 'Judged even by its high alcohol, this is not a fresh rosé. While it does have fruit, it is dragged down by its weight. Super-ripe strawberry fruits and pepper complete the overdrawn picture.', "Can't really say there's much difference between this and Carta Vieja's Classico SB. Both are bland, with chunky apple and pear characteristics. Neither has much of a pulse, but on the plus side they aren't nasty or aggressive. This “limited release” turns out to be a basic wine for basicoccasions. END
START HERE Judged even by its high alcohol, this is not a fresh rosé. While it does have fruit, it is dragged down by its weight. Super-ripe strawberry fruits and pepper complete the overdrawn picture.', "Can't really say there's much difference between this and Carta Vieja's Classico SB. Both are bland, with chunky apple and pear characteristics. Neither has much of a pulse, but on the plus side they aren't nasty or aggressive. This “limited release” turns out to be a basic wine for basicoccasions.", 'This wine tastes like a rosé Champagne without the bubbles. It has a classic light salmon color, light aromas like white cherries and raspberries, and a surprisingly layered texure that curls around the tongue. And what a great value, too. END
START HERE Can't really say there's much difference between this and Carta Vieja's Classico SB. Both are bland, with chunky apple and pear characteristics. Neither has much of a pulse, but on the plus side they aren't nasty or aggressive. This “limited release” turns out to be a basic wine for basicoccasions.", 'This wine tastes like a rosé Champagne without the bubbles. It has a classic light salmon color, light aromas like white cherries and raspberries, and a surprisingly layered texure that curls around the tongue. And what a great value, too.', 'Grassy stalky berry aromas lean towards green. This feels grippy, while spicy herbal berry flavors stay the course and finish with minty green notes on top of basic plum and berry. END
START HERE This wine tastes like a rosé Champagne without the bubbles. It has a classic light salmon color, light aromas like white cherries and raspberries, and a surprisingly layered texure that curls around the tongue. And what a great value, too.', 'Grassy stalky berry aromas lean towards green. This feels grippy, while spicy herbal berry flavors stay the course and finish with minty green notes on top of basic plum and berry.', 'Reedy, herbaceous aromas suggest rhubarb and red licorice candy. This feels flat and lays heavily on the palate, while candied flavors of cherry and berry finish hot. END
START HERE Grassy stalky berry aromas lean towards green. This feels grippy, while spicy herbal berry flavors stay the course and finish with minty green notes on top of basic plum and berry.', 'Reedy, herbaceous aromas suggest rhubarb and red licorice candy. This feels flat and lays heavily on the palate, while candied flavors of cherry and berry finish hot.', "This bargain-priced offering boasts cool, restrained Cabernet aromas of cassis and mint, with just a touch of tomato creeping in. It's fairly weighty, with bold flavors of Ribena on the palate and soft tannins on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Reedy, herbaceous aromas suggest rhubarb and red licorice candy. This feels flat and lays heavily on the palate, while candied flavors of cherry and berry finish hot.', "This bargain-priced offering boasts cool, restrained Cabernet aromas of cassis and mint, with just a touch of tomato creeping in. It's fairly weighty, with bold flavors of Ribena on the palate and soft tannins on the finish. Drink now.", 'A rounded, very soft Chardonnay from Chablis producer Simmonet-Febvre. There are green fruits, with hints of pears and light acidity. The edge of green tannin gives the wine some shape, but it is essentially soft. Screwcap. END
START HERE This bargain-priced offering boasts cool, restrained Cabernet aromas of cassis and mint, with just a touch of tomato creeping in. It's fairly weighty, with bold flavors of Ribena on the palate and soft tannins on the finish. Drink now.", 'A rounded, very soft Chardonnay from Chablis producer Simmonet-Febvre. There are green fruits, with hints of pears and light acidity. The edge of green tannin gives the wine some shape, but it is essentially soft. Screwcap.', 'Pure Cabernet Sauvignon, this wines comes from the same region as Bordeaux. It has black currant flavors, balanced acidity and a touch of wood aging. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE A rounded, very soft Chardonnay from Chablis producer Simmonet-Febvre. There are green fruits, with hints of pears and light acidity. The edge of green tannin gives the wine some shape, but it is essentially soft. Screwcap.', 'Pure Cabernet Sauvignon, this wines comes from the same region as Bordeaux. It has black currant flavors, balanced acidity and a touch of wood aging. Drink from 2018.', "Dark ruby in color, this has soft aromas of cherry, black fruit and cassis. There's a bright point of acidity that would pair with pasta with cheese. END
START HERE Pure Cabernet Sauvignon, this wines comes from the same region as Bordeaux. It has black currant flavors, balanced acidity and a touch of wood aging. Drink from 2018.', "Dark ruby in color, this has soft aromas of cherry, black fruit and cassis. There's a bright point of acidity that would pair with pasta with cheese.", 'This is a screaming deal for such an admirably good wine, blended with smaller amounts of Petite Sirah and Syrah. Compressed black fruit meets fresh leather on the perfumed nose. The palate follows with thick tannins and mouthcoating flavors of licorice and cinnamon. END
START HERE Dark ruby in color, this has soft aromas of cherry, black fruit and cassis. There's a bright point of acidity that would pair with pasta with cheese.", 'This is a screaming deal for such an admirably good wine, blended with smaller amounts of Petite Sirah and Syrah. Compressed black fruit meets fresh leather on the perfumed nose. The palate follows with thick tannins and mouthcoating flavors of licorice and cinnamon.', 'Mildly fruity and very smooth in texture, this wine is quietly agreeable. It is medium to full bodied, feels rich on the palate and tastes ripe and subtle like honeydew melon. END
START HERE This is a screaming deal for such an admirably good wine, blended with smaller amounts of Petite Sirah and Syrah. Compressed black fruit meets fresh leather on the perfumed nose. The palate follows with thick tannins and mouthcoating flavors of licorice and cinnamon.', 'Mildly fruity and very smooth in texture, this wine is quietly agreeable. It is medium to full bodied, feels rich on the palate and tastes ripe and subtle like honeydew melon.', 'Both the gorgeous purple color and the nose of fresh grapes make this wine a dead ringer for Beaujolais. The soft palate shows notes of sweet strawberries but has sufficient acidity to leave a refreshing impression in the mouth. Drink now. END
START HERE Mildly fruity and very smooth in texture, this wine is quietly agreeable. It is medium to full bodied, feels rich on the palate and tastes ripe and subtle like honeydew melon.', 'Both the gorgeous purple color and the nose of fresh grapes make this wine a dead ringer for Beaujolais. The soft palate shows notes of sweet strawberries but has sufficient acidity to leave a refreshing impression in the mouth. Drink now.', "An everyday Cabernet that's just barely worth the price. It's soft and sweet in pie-filling cherry and blackberry flavors. END
START HERE Both the gorgeous purple color and the nose of fresh grapes make this wine a dead ringer for Beaujolais. The soft palate shows notes of sweet strawberries but has sufficient acidity to leave a refreshing impression in the mouth. Drink now.', "An everyday Cabernet that's just barely worth the price. It's soft and sweet in pie-filling cherry and blackberry flavors.", "Pleasant and straightforward, this has notes of pear, mead and herbs. It's full in feel with a big ball of fruit flavors in the middle but less around it. The tannins have a slightly drying feel. END
START HERE An everyday Cabernet that's just barely worth the price. It's soft and sweet in pie-filling cherry and blackberry flavors.", "Pleasant and straightforward, this has notes of pear, mead and herbs. It's full in feel with a big ball of fruit flavors in the middle but less around it. The tannins have a slightly drying feel.", "Green apple is the lead aroma along with yeasty vanilla and a dash of white pepper. There's modest roundness to the palate and nonscouring bright acidity. Slightly candied lime and mango flavors feature controlled bitterness on the finish. END
START HERE Pleasant and straightforward, this has notes of pear, mead and herbs. It's full in feel with a big ball of fruit flavors in the middle but less around it. The tannins have a slightly drying feel.", "Green apple is the lead aroma along with yeasty vanilla and a dash of white pepper. There's modest roundness to the palate and nonscouring bright acidity. Slightly candied lime and mango flavors feature controlled bitterness on the finish.", 'Aromas of underbrush, grilled mushroom, blue flower and menthol lead the nose. The linear palate offers dried plum, mature blackberry, espresso and licorice while firm tannins provide support. It finishes on a note of graphite. END
START HERE Green apple is the lead aroma along with yeasty vanilla and a dash of white pepper. There's modest roundness to the palate and nonscouring bright acidity. Slightly candied lime and mango flavors feature controlled bitterness on the finish.", 'Aromas of underbrush, grilled mushroom, blue flower and menthol lead the nose. The linear palate offers dried plum, mature blackberry, espresso and licorice while firm tannins provide support. It finishes on a note of graphite.', 'Line 39 is a consistently solid name in Lake County Sauvignon Blanc. The 2011 delivers an aromatically inviting, grassy, New Zealand-style wine, with layers of citrus and grapefruit. END
START HERE Aromas of underbrush, grilled mushroom, blue flower and menthol lead the nose. The linear palate offers dried plum, mature blackberry, espresso and licorice while firm tannins provide support. It finishes on a note of graphite.', 'Line 39 is a consistently solid name in Lake County Sauvignon Blanc. The 2011 delivers an aromatically inviting, grassy, New Zealand-style wine, with layers of citrus and grapefruit.', "Has the silky weight and flavors of a nice Pinot Noir, with pleasant orange rind and sour-cherry candy notes. But there's a green scouriness that cuts through the palate like a sharp knife. END
START HERE Line 39 is a consistently solid name in Lake County Sauvignon Blanc. The 2011 delivers an aromatically inviting, grassy, New Zealand-style wine, with layers of citrus and grapefruit.', "Has the silky weight and flavors of a nice Pinot Noir, with pleasant orange rind and sour-cherry candy notes. But there's a green scouriness that cuts through the palate like a sharp knife.", 'Although light, this well-balanced wine has good depth. A dry core of tannins backs up the bright red berry and black currant fruits. Acidity and the tannins promise some aging, although the wine is drinkable now. END
START HERE Has the silky weight and flavors of a nice Pinot Noir, with pleasant orange rind and sour-cherry candy notes. But there's a green scouriness that cuts through the palate like a sharp knife.", 'Although light, this well-balanced wine has good depth. A dry core of tannins backs up the bright red berry and black currant fruits. Acidity and the tannins promise some aging, although the wine is drinkable now.', 'This organic wine was made without added preservatives. After swampy aromas, the flavors are nicely fruity and herbaceous, with a light-medium body and a clean finish. END
START HERE Although light, this well-balanced wine has good depth. A dry core of tannins backs up the bright red berry and black currant fruits. Acidity and the tannins promise some aging, although the wine is drinkable now.', 'This organic wine was made without added preservatives. After swampy aromas, the flavors are nicely fruity and herbaceous, with a light-medium body and a clean finish.', "Hearty and rustic, this is a blend of several varieties—including Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Syrah—it's an all-purpose, slightly sweet red wine for drinking with spaghetti and meatballs, burgers and chili. END
START HERE This organic wine was made without added preservatives. After swampy aromas, the flavors are nicely fruity and herbaceous, with a light-medium body and a clean finish.', "Hearty and rustic, this is a blend of several varieties—including Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Syrah—it's an all-purpose, slightly sweet red wine for drinking with spaghetti and meatballs, burgers and chili.", 'Soft, sweet and simple raspberry and oak flavors mark this rustic wine. END
START HERE Hearty and rustic, this is a blend of several varieties—including Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Syrah—it's an all-purpose, slightly sweet red wine for drinking with spaghetti and meatballs, burgers and chili.", 'Soft, sweet and simple raspberry and oak flavors mark this rustic wine.', 'This restrained, salmon-tinged rosé teases with riper fruit, even with a red-berry compote of red currant and strawberry. The plump fruit is held in a dry frame and tempered by freshness. Equally tempting with or without food. END
START HERE Soft, sweet and simple raspberry and oak flavors mark this rustic wine.', 'This restrained, salmon-tinged rosé teases with riper fruit, even with a red-berry compote of red currant and strawberry. The plump fruit is held in a dry frame and tempered by freshness. Equally tempting with or without food.', 'A soft earthy character adds depth to the strawberry and rhubarb fruit aromas and flavors. The palate is clean and bright, with a cocoa-dusted red-berry fruit finish. END
START HERE This restrained, salmon-tinged rosé teases with riper fruit, even with a red-berry compote of red currant and strawberry. The plump fruit is held in a dry frame and tempered by freshness. Equally tempting with or without food.', 'A soft earthy character adds depth to the strawberry and rhubarb fruit aromas and flavors. The palate is clean and bright, with a cocoa-dusted red-berry fruit finish.', 'This is mild and lightly citric smelling, with an ocean spray note on the bouquet. On the palate, it is fresh and deep, with a note of nectarine. The finish is solid, but loses some fruit and gains some bitterness. END
START HERE A soft earthy character adds depth to the strawberry and rhubarb fruit aromas and flavors. The palate is clean and bright, with a cocoa-dusted red-berry fruit finish.', 'This is mild and lightly citric smelling, with an ocean spray note on the bouquet. On the palate, it is fresh and deep, with a note of nectarine. The finish is solid, but loses some fruit and gains some bitterness.', 'An attractive floral, appley aroma and generous, ripe apple and herb flavors give this medium-bodied wine plenty of personality. END
START HERE This is mild and lightly citric smelling, with an ocean spray note on the bouquet. On the palate, it is fresh and deep, with a note of nectarine. The finish is solid, but loses some fruit and gains some bitterness.', 'An attractive floral, appley aroma and generous, ripe apple and herb flavors give this medium-bodied wine plenty of personality.', 'There is an openly fruity, uncomplicated personality in this medium-bodied, easy-to-drink wine. It show fresh raspberry and cherry flavors, a juicy rather than tannic texture, and nicely dry balance. It blends Syrah, Zinfandel and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
START HERE An attractive floral, appley aroma and generous, ripe apple and herb flavors give this medium-bodied wine plenty of personality.', 'There is an openly fruity, uncomplicated personality in this medium-bodied, easy-to-drink wine. It show fresh raspberry and cherry flavors, a juicy rather than tannic texture, and nicely dry balance. It blends Syrah, Zinfandel and Cabernet Sauvignon.', "Chopped herbs, licorice and a bit of smoke lead the nose on this affordable wine. It's thinner on the palate, with more licorice that spices up the red fruit flavors. The finish shows some tannic grip. END
START HERE There is an openly fruity, uncomplicated personality in this medium-bodied, easy-to-drink wine. It show fresh raspberry and cherry flavors, a juicy rather than tannic texture, and nicely dry balance. It blends Syrah, Zinfandel and Cabernet Sauvignon.', "Chopped herbs, licorice and a bit of smoke lead the nose on this affordable wine. It's thinner on the palate, with more licorice that spices up the red fruit flavors. The finish shows some tannic grip.", 'This is a rather light wine in both density, flavor and impact. Some dilute citrus fruit flavors are framed with the lightest hint of cracker. Drink it chilled or use it as a mixer. END
START HERE Chopped herbs, licorice and a bit of smoke lead the nose on this affordable wine. It's thinner on the palate, with more licorice that spices up the red fruit flavors. The finish shows some tannic grip.", 'This is a rather light wine in both density, flavor and impact. Some dilute citrus fruit flavors are framed with the lightest hint of cracker. Drink it chilled or use it as a mixer.', 'This straightforward quaffer has aromas of plum, woodspice, tire rubber and herb. The fruit flavors are elegant in style with some sugar balancing it out. END
START HERE This is a rather light wine in both density, flavor and impact. Some dilute citrus fruit flavors are framed with the lightest hint of cracker. Drink it chilled or use it as a mixer.', 'This straightforward quaffer has aromas of plum, woodspice, tire rubber and herb. The fruit flavors are elegant in style with some sugar balancing it out.', 'Meaty, condensed and full of understated plum and berry fruit. This is a nice bargain Merlot with currant, plum and pepper for flavors, and then a dash of mellow coffee on the finish. With solid core flavors and an integrated mouthfeel, it ranks as a positive wine for the money. END
START HERE This straightforward quaffer has aromas of plum, woodspice, tire rubber and herb. The fruit flavors are elegant in style with some sugar balancing it out.', 'Meaty, condensed and full of understated plum and berry fruit. This is a nice bargain Merlot with currant, plum and pepper for flavors, and then a dash of mellow coffee on the finish. With solid core flavors and an integrated mouthfeel, it ranks as a positive wine for the money.', "There is little difference between this and the winery's reserve. There simply is no flavor here. It's a watery, sour wine, with a finish that suggests something went wrong somewhere along the line. END
START HERE Meaty, condensed and full of understated plum and berry fruit. This is a nice bargain Merlot with currant, plum and pepper for flavors, and then a dash of mellow coffee on the finish. With solid core flavors and an integrated mouthfeel, it ranks as a positive wine for the money.', "There is little difference between this and the winery's reserve. There simply is no flavor here. It's a watery, sour wine, with a finish that suggests something went wrong somewhere along the line.", 'A pale colored rosé, light and attractively crisp. Soft red fruits come through the gentle texture to give a wine that is ripe, fruity and ready to drink. END
START HERE There is little difference between this and the winery's reserve. There simply is no flavor here. It's a watery, sour wine, with a finish that suggests something went wrong somewhere along the line.", 'A pale colored rosé, light and attractively crisp. Soft red fruits come through the gentle texture to give a wine that is ripe, fruity and ready to drink.', "Silly name and label, but not a bad wine. The nose is meaty, medicinal and fails to hold its form over extended airing, but early on it's good and honest, as is the palate of herbal tomato and cassis flavors. A little bit scrappy, but for $10 it's better than most. END
START HERE A pale colored rosé, light and attractively crisp. Soft red fruits come through the gentle texture to give a wine that is ripe, fruity and ready to drink.', "Silly name and label, but not a bad wine. The nose is meaty, medicinal and fails to hold its form over extended airing, but early on it's good and honest, as is the palate of herbal tomato and cassis flavors. A little bit scrappy, but for $10 it's better than most.", "If you are staging an informal outdoor barbecue with franks and burgers, this value wine will meet all your pairing needs. It's soft, plush and round, with exotic spice, ripe fruit and black pepper. END
START HERE Silly name and label, but not a bad wine. The nose is meaty, medicinal and fails to hold its form over extended airing, but early on it's good and honest, as is the palate of herbal tomato and cassis flavors. A little bit scrappy, but for $10 it's better than most.", "If you are staging an informal outdoor barbecue with franks and burgers, this value wine will meet all your pairing needs. It's soft, plush and round, with exotic spice, ripe fruit and black pepper.", 'Slightly gritty dusty aromas are low on fruit. This feels plump and round, with modest acidity. Simple melon and mild citrus flavors finish with pyrazine-driven notes of bell pepper and jalapeño. END
START HERE If you are staging an informal outdoor barbecue with franks and burgers, this value wine will meet all your pairing needs. It's soft, plush and round, with exotic spice, ripe fruit and black pepper.", 'Slightly gritty dusty aromas are low on fruit. This feels plump and round, with modest acidity. Simple melon and mild citrus flavors finish with pyrazine-driven notes of bell pepper and jalapeño.', 'This unlikely blend of 87% Shiraz and 13% Petit Verdot hits the right notes for a bargain sipper, boasting plenty of weight and an interesting juxtaposition of raspberry fruit with dark chocolate. Earthy notes provide depth, and the finish is surprisingly silky for a wine in this price range. Drink now. END
START HERE Slightly gritty dusty aromas are low on fruit. This feels plump and round, with modest acidity. Simple melon and mild citrus flavors finish with pyrazine-driven notes of bell pepper and jalapeño.', 'This unlikely blend of 87% Shiraz and 13% Petit Verdot hits the right notes for a bargain sipper, boasting plenty of weight and an interesting juxtaposition of raspberry fruit with dark chocolate. Earthy notes provide depth, and the finish is surprisingly silky for a wine in this price range. Drink now.', 'Light and bright, this is a direct and easygoing rosé, with attractive aromas and flavors of red currant, ruby-red grapefruit rind, white melon and peach. The medium-weight palate is lifted by refreshing, citrus-flavored acidity, ending with an orange and strawberry-hull fueled finish. END
START HERE This unlikely blend of 87% Shiraz and 13% Petit Verdot hits the right notes for a bargain sipper, boasting plenty of weight and an interesting juxtaposition of raspberry fruit with dark chocolate. Earthy notes provide depth, and the finish is surprisingly silky for a wine in this price range. Drink now.', 'Light and bright, this is a direct and easygoing rosé, with attractive aromas and flavors of red currant, ruby-red grapefruit rind, white melon and peach. The medium-weight palate is lifted by refreshing, citrus-flavored acidity, ending with an orange and strawberry-hull fueled finish.', 'An attractive price for a straightforward, Amador County Zin, full-bodied and tasting of ripe blackberries and cocoa. END
START HERE Light and bright, this is a direct and easygoing rosé, with attractive aromas and flavors of red currant, ruby-red grapefruit rind, white melon and peach. The medium-weight palate is lifted by refreshing, citrus-flavored acidity, ending with an orange and strawberry-hull fueled finish.', 'An attractive price for a straightforward, Amador County Zin, full-bodied and tasting of ripe blackberries and cocoa.', 'Another Best Buy Merlot from Bogle. The wine is just as you want a nice Merlot to be, rich and soft and flavorful in cherries, with a kiss of smoky oak. END
START HERE An attractive price for a straightforward, Amador County Zin, full-bodied and tasting of ripe blackberries and cocoa.', 'Another Best Buy Merlot from Bogle. The wine is just as you want a nice Merlot to be, rich and soft and flavorful in cherries, with a kiss of smoky oak.', 'Candied, slightly volatile red-berry aromas are topped with chocolaty oak. In the mouth, this is simple and medium-bodied. Salty berry and plum flavors are just ripe enough before this falls off on the finish. END
START HERE Another Best Buy Merlot from Bogle. The wine is just as you want a nice Merlot to be, rich and soft and flavorful in cherries, with a kiss of smoky oak.', 'Candied, slightly volatile red-berry aromas are topped with chocolaty oak. In the mouth, this is simple and medium-bodied. Salty berry and plum flavors are just ripe enough before this falls off on the finish.', 'This is stalky smelling, with modest fruit and a burnt field aroma. It looks and tastes weak and transparent, with sourness rising up on the palate along with notes of citrus, cranberry and cherry pie. END
START HERE Candied, slightly volatile red-berry aromas are topped with chocolaty oak. In the mouth, this is simple and medium-bodied. Salty berry and plum flavors are just ripe enough before this falls off on the finish.', 'This is stalky smelling, with modest fruit and a burnt field aroma. It looks and tastes weak and transparent, with sourness rising up on the palate along with notes of citrus, cranberry and cherry pie.', 'This is light on the nose, where minerally lime scents are barely detectable. The mouthfeel is fresh but dilute, while flavors of lemon, green apple and tarragon end in simple fashion. END
START HERE This is stalky smelling, with modest fruit and a burnt field aroma. It looks and tastes weak and transparent, with sourness rising up on the palate along with notes of citrus, cranberry and cherry pie.', 'This is light on the nose, where minerally lime scents are barely detectable. The mouthfeel is fresh but dilute, while flavors of lemon, green apple and tarragon end in simple fashion.', "Montes tosses quite a few qualifiers at the name of this wine; i.e. “special cuvée” and “reserve,” but at the end of the day it's a basic Merlot with earthy notes and some obvious oak. The fruit flavors veer toward plum and blackberry, while below that there's a shot of woodiness. END
START HERE This is light on the nose, where minerally lime scents are barely detectable. The mouthfeel is fresh but dilute, while flavors of lemon, green apple and tarragon end in simple fashion.', "Montes tosses quite a few qualifiers at the name of this wine; i.e. “special cuvée” and “reserve,” but at the end of the day it's a basic Merlot with earthy notes and some obvious oak. The fruit flavors veer toward plum and blackberry, while below that there's a shot of woodiness.", 'The wine tastes sulphured, with suppressed fruit. There is some weight, with caramel and red berry fruit flavors, but it is all muted. END
START HERE Montes tosses quite a few qualifiers at the name of this wine; i.e. “special cuvée” and “reserve,” but at the end of the day it's a basic Merlot with earthy notes and some obvious oak. The fruit flavors veer toward plum and blackberry, while below that there's a shot of woodiness.", 'The wine tastes sulphured, with suppressed fruit. There is some weight, with caramel and red berry fruit flavors, but it is all muted.', "The winery continues a trend of fine, everyday Merlots at an affordable price with this dry, elegant 2009. It's full-bodied and deeply flavored with black currants and plums. END
START HERE The wine tastes sulphured, with suppressed fruit. There is some weight, with caramel and red berry fruit flavors, but it is all muted.', "The winery continues a trend of fine, everyday Merlots at an affordable price with this dry, elegant 2009. It's full-bodied and deeply flavored with black currants and plums.", 'A blend of predominantly Merlot and Syrah, this wine offers aromas of raspberries, herbs, plum and vanilla. The flavors are sweet, plump and juicy, delivering a lot of bang for the buck. END
START HERE The winery continues a trend of fine, everyday Merlots at an affordable price with this dry, elegant 2009. It's full-bodied and deeply flavored with black currants and plums.", 'A blend of predominantly Merlot and Syrah, this wine offers aromas of raspberries, herbs, plum and vanilla. The flavors are sweet, plump and juicy, delivering a lot of bang for the buck.', "This basic Pinot offers up tea and oaky clove and cinnamon aromas. It's fairly fresh and juicy in the mouth despite a mild resiny oak feel, and flavors of meaty berry fruits are fully spiced like a licorice gum drop. END
START HERE A blend of predominantly Merlot and Syrah, this wine offers aromas of raspberries, herbs, plum and vanilla. The flavors are sweet, plump and juicy, delivering a lot of bang for the buck.', "This basic Pinot offers up tea and oaky clove and cinnamon aromas. It's fairly fresh and juicy in the mouth despite a mild resiny oak feel, and flavors of meaty berry fruits are fully spiced like a licorice gum drop.", "This Zin is a little too soft and simple for true classicism, but you have to consider the price. With its pleasant berry and spice flavors and rich, smooth tannins, it's a nice value. END
START HERE This basic Pinot offers up tea and oaky clove and cinnamon aromas. It's fairly fresh and juicy in the mouth despite a mild resiny oak feel, and flavors of meaty berry fruits are fully spiced like a licorice gum drop.", "This Zin is a little too soft and simple for true classicism, but you have to consider the price. With its pleasant berry and spice flavors and rich, smooth tannins, it's a nice value.", "Firm and hard-edged this wine is currently tough. The fruit—black currant and berry—will bring out the potential richness. It's structured for the moment, but wait until 2017. END
START HERE This Zin is a little too soft and simple for true classicism, but you have to consider the price. With its pleasant berry and spice flavors and rich, smooth tannins, it's a nice value.", "Firm and hard-edged this wine is currently tough. The fruit—black currant and berry—will bring out the potential richness. It's structured for the moment, but wait until 2017.", "A fruity, strawberry-flavored wine, with crisp acidity to balance the ripe fruit. It's a clean and refreshing rosé, ready to drink now. END
START HERE Firm and hard-edged this wine is currently tough. The fruit—black currant and berry—will bring out the potential richness. It's structured for the moment, but wait until 2017.", "A fruity, strawberry-flavored wine, with crisp acidity to balance the ripe fruit. It's a clean and refreshing rosé, ready to drink now.", 'This light wine has crisp raspberry fruits, and lively acidity. It is all fruit with only the lightest texture and very ready to drink now. END
START HERE A fruity, strawberry-flavored wine, with crisp acidity to balance the ripe fruit. It's a clean and refreshing rosé, ready to drink now.", 'This light wine has crisp raspberry fruits, and lively acidity. It is all fruit with only the lightest texture and very ready to drink now.', 'Nothing is out of place in this solid, attractive and well-priced Merlot. It is a straightforward red wine that feels well-balanced, is medium to full-bodied, and has tasty, mellow plum and cherry flavors. Firm tannins mark the clean finish. END
START HERE This light wine has crisp raspberry fruits, and lively acidity. It is all fruit with only the lightest texture and very ready to drink now.', 'Nothing is out of place in this solid, attractive and well-priced Merlot. It is a straightforward red wine that feels well-balanced, is medium to full-bodied, and has tasty, mellow plum and cherry flavors. Firm tannins mark the clean finish.', 'This great buy shows a sophisticated blend of spice and fruit aromas. Medium-bodied and classically dry, it has good balance, moderate fruit flavors and light toast and ginger notes that add complexity. END
START HERE Nothing is out of place in this solid, attractive and well-priced Merlot. It is a straightforward red wine that feels well-balanced, is medium to full-bodied, and has tasty, mellow plum and cherry flavors. Firm tannins mark the clean finish.', 'This great buy shows a sophisticated blend of spice and fruit aromas. Medium-bodied and classically dry, it has good balance, moderate fruit flavors and light toast and ginger notes that add complexity.', "Unctuously ripe yellow peach and cherry aromas entice on the nose of this sprightly late-harvest Riesling. It's semi-sweet and fruity, with tart tangerine acidity that takes the spotlight on the palate. A refreshing, tasty quaffer for a remarkable price. END
START HERE This great buy shows a sophisticated blend of spice and fruit aromas. Medium-bodied and classically dry, it has good balance, moderate fruit flavors and light toast and ginger notes that add complexity.', "Unctuously ripe yellow peach and cherry aromas entice on the nose of this sprightly late-harvest Riesling. It's semi-sweet and fruity, with tart tangerine acidity that takes the spotlight on the palate. A refreshing, tasty quaffer for a remarkable price.", 'This wine is a blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah, with an off-dry fruitiness and soft, raspberry flavors. It is light and crisp with just a touch of caramel. Drink now. END
START HERE Unctuously ripe yellow peach and cherry aromas entice on the nose of this sprightly late-harvest Riesling. It's semi-sweet and fruity, with tart tangerine acidity that takes the spotlight on the palate. A refreshing, tasty quaffer for a remarkable price.", 'This wine is a blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah, with an off-dry fruitiness and soft, raspberry flavors. It is light and crisp with just a touch of caramel. Drink now.', 'Strong mint aromas hint to the wood aging in this wine. Currently, they tend to dominate, accompained by bitter wood notes and dark-edged tannins. The wine is firm and needs time express its fruit. END
START HERE This wine is a blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah, with an off-dry fruitiness and soft, raspberry flavors. It is light and crisp with just a touch of caramel. Drink now.', 'Strong mint aromas hint to the wood aging in this wine. Currently, they tend to dominate, accompained by bitter wood notes and dark-edged tannins. The wine is firm and needs time express its fruit.', 'Sugared plum, spice, vanilla and herb aromas are followed by off-dry, soft blue-fruit flavors in this wine. It provides easy-drinking pleasure. END
START HERE Strong mint aromas hint to the wood aging in this wine. Currently, they tend to dominate, accompained by bitter wood notes and dark-edged tannins. The wine is firm and needs time express its fruit.', 'Sugared plum, spice, vanilla and herb aromas are followed by off-dry, soft blue-fruit flavors in this wine. It provides easy-drinking pleasure.', 'The bouquet suggests burnt rubber, compost and briar patch along with basic raspberry/cherry. The palate has a mild creaminess to it and herbal, lightly stemmy flavors of raspberry and rhubarb. Finishes tart, with herbs and vanilla. END
START HERE Sugared plum, spice, vanilla and herb aromas are followed by off-dry, soft blue-fruit flavors in this wine. It provides easy-drinking pleasure.', 'The bouquet suggests burnt rubber, compost and briar patch along with basic raspberry/cherry. The palate has a mild creaminess to it and herbal, lightly stemmy flavors of raspberry and rhubarb. Finishes tart, with herbs and vanilla.', 'Salinic and simple on the bouquet. The palate is narrow and citric, with lean, sour tangerine, lemon and lettuce-like flavors. Tangy and lemony on the finish as well. END
START HERE The bouquet suggests burnt rubber, compost and briar patch along with basic raspberry/cherry. The palate has a mild creaminess to it and herbal, lightly stemmy flavors of raspberry and rhubarb. Finishes tart, with herbs and vanilla.', 'Salinic and simple on the bouquet. The palate is narrow and citric, with lean, sour tangerine, lemon and lettuce-like flavors. Tangy and lemony on the finish as well.', 'Raspberry and rubber-band aromas lead to a saturated palate with full tannnins and flavors of plum and plum skins. A mildly hot finish with grapeskin residue maintains the high volume this Malbec is putting out. END
START HERE Salinic and simple on the bouquet. The palate is narrow and citric, with lean, sour tangerine, lemon and lettuce-like flavors. Tangy and lemony on the finish as well.', 'Raspberry and rubber-band aromas lead to a saturated palate with full tannnins and flavors of plum and plum skins. A mildly hot finish with grapeskin residue maintains the high volume this Malbec is putting out.', 'Scratchy berry aromas come with a hint of sweet-smelling plastic, but overall this bargain-priced Cab is good and welcoming. The palate has a pure, medium-bodied feel, while flavors of baked berry, cassis and chocolate finish with a mocha taste and mild heat. END
START HERE Raspberry and rubber-band aromas lead to a saturated palate with full tannnins and flavors of plum and plum skins. A mildly hot finish with grapeskin residue maintains the high volume this Malbec is putting out.', 'Scratchy berry aromas come with a hint of sweet-smelling plastic, but overall this bargain-priced Cab is good and welcoming. The palate has a pure, medium-bodied feel, while flavors of baked berry, cassis and chocolate finish with a mocha taste and mild heat.', 'Wood aromas and flavors are happily balanced by the ripe berry fruits. So the firm structure is lifted by juicy acidity and fruit to give a wine that will be spicy, fruity and succulent. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE Scratchy berry aromas come with a hint of sweet-smelling plastic, but overall this bargain-priced Cab is good and welcoming. The palate has a pure, medium-bodied feel, while flavors of baked berry, cassis and chocolate finish with a mocha taste and mild heat.', 'Wood aromas and flavors are happily balanced by the ripe berry fruits. So the firm structure is lifted by juicy acidity and fruit to give a wine that will be spicy, fruity and succulent. Drink from 2018.', "Dried apricot, jasmine, flower, herb and peach aromas are followed by medium, sweet fruit flavors that can't quite sustain their intensity but still bring appeal. END
START HERE Wood aromas and flavors are happily balanced by the ripe berry fruits. So the firm structure is lifted by juicy acidity and fruit to give a wine that will be spicy, fruity and succulent. Drink from 2018.', "Dried apricot, jasmine, flower, herb and peach aromas are followed by medium, sweet fruit flavors that can't quite sustain their intensity but still bring appeal.", "Here's a simple but enjoyable Cab with notes of black plum, violet and cassis. Medium weight with soft tannins and a solid finish. END
START HERE Dried apricot, jasmine, flower, herb and peach aromas are followed by medium, sweet fruit flavors that can't quite sustain their intensity but still bring appeal.", "Here's a simple but enjoyable Cab with notes of black plum, violet and cassis. Medium weight with soft tannins and a solid finish.", "Mild vinegar and full-fledged herbal aromas are typical of traditional Chilean Merlot, and while the palate is solid, it's also scratchy, with tart raspberry and semiweedy flavors. Finishes with burnt brown sugar, herbal flavors and grating acidity. END
START HERE Here's a simple but enjoyable Cab with notes of black plum, violet and cassis. Medium weight with soft tannins and a solid finish.", "Mild vinegar and full-fledged herbal aromas are typical of traditional Chilean Merlot, and while the palate is solid, it's also scratchy, with tart raspberry and semiweedy flavors. Finishes with burnt brown sugar, herbal flavors and grating acidity.", "This has a deep red color and smells deep too, like boysenberry and blackberry. Nice, firm tannins add some texture. It's full bodied, very flavorful, yet fresh and lively, too. END
START HERE Mild vinegar and full-fledged herbal aromas are typical of traditional Chilean Merlot, and while the palate is solid, it's also scratchy, with tart raspberry and semiweedy flavors. Finishes with burnt brown sugar, herbal flavors and grating acidity.", "This has a deep red color and smells deep too, like boysenberry and blackberry. Nice, firm tannins add some texture. It's full bodied, very flavorful, yet fresh and lively, too.", 'Dusty peach aromas are round and hold up to scrutiny. This densely colored Malbec rosé is ready to drink, with flavors of melon and peach. A touch of skins character adds complexity and texture to the finish. Drink immediately. END
START HERE This has a deep red color and smells deep too, like boysenberry and blackberry. Nice, firm tannins add some texture. It's full bodied, very flavorful, yet fresh and lively, too.", 'Dusty peach aromas are round and hold up to scrutiny. This densely colored Malbec rosé is ready to drink, with flavors of melon and peach. A touch of skins character adds complexity and texture to the finish. Drink immediately.', 'Packed with jammy fruit and sweet raspberry flavors, this easy rosé would make a great partner to cocktail appetizers. The finish shows flavors of wild berry and bitter almond. END
START HERE Dusty peach aromas are round and hold up to scrutiny. This densely colored Malbec rosé is ready to drink, with flavors of melon and peach. A touch of skins character adds complexity and texture to the finish. Drink immediately.', 'Packed with jammy fruit and sweet raspberry flavors, this easy rosé would make a great partner to cocktail appetizers. The finish shows flavors of wild berry and bitter almond.', 'A cherry-pink-colored wine, soft and full-bodied. Flavors are of wild strawberries, red cherry with a touch of pepper. The wine feels fat, missing acidity. END
START HERE Packed with jammy fruit and sweet raspberry flavors, this easy rosé would make a great partner to cocktail appetizers. The finish shows flavors of wild berry and bitter almond.', 'A cherry-pink-colored wine, soft and full-bodied. Flavors are of wild strawberries, red cherry with a touch of pepper. The wine feels fat, missing acidity.', "This is a fruit-driven wine showing lots of apple and melon aromas, broad peach and apple flavors and a generous texture. It's very tasty and refreshing and has touch of sweetness. END
START HERE A cherry-pink-colored wine, soft and full-bodied. Flavors are of wild strawberries, red cherry with a touch of pepper. The wine feels fat, missing acidity.', "This is a fruit-driven wine showing lots of apple and melon aromas, broad peach and apple flavors and a generous texture. It's very tasty and refreshing and has touch of sweetness.", "A little green, with a minty sharpness to the modest cherry-berry flavors. But it's dry and sound, and a pretty good everyday sipper at this price. END
START HERE This is a fruit-driven wine showing lots of apple and melon aromas, broad peach and apple flavors and a generous texture. It's very tasty and refreshing and has touch of sweetness.", "A little green, with a minty sharpness to the modest cherry-berry flavors. But it's dry and sound, and a pretty good everyday sipper at this price.", 'This kitchen sink-style blend has aromas of baking spice, dark plum and herb. It drinks off dry, with smooth currant and plum flavors that linger. END
START HERE A little green, with a minty sharpness to the modest cherry-berry flavors. But it's dry and sound, and a pretty good everyday sipper at this price.", 'This kitchen sink-style blend has aromas of baking spice, dark plum and herb. It drinks off dry, with smooth currant and plum flavors that linger.', 'This fresh but generic Sauvignon Blanc offers white-fruit aromas and zesty passion fruit scents. The mouthfeel is juicy, while flavors of grapefruit, lime and orange finish with a touch of pithy bitterness. Along the way, riper notes of melon fade in and out. END
START HERE This kitchen sink-style blend has aromas of baking spice, dark plum and herb. It drinks off dry, with smooth currant and plum flavors that linger.', 'This fresh but generic Sauvignon Blanc offers white-fruit aromas and zesty passion fruit scents. The mouthfeel is juicy, while flavors of grapefruit, lime and orange finish with a touch of pithy bitterness. Along the way, riper notes of melon fade in and out.', 'The grapes come from the Applegate valley and the blend is 100% Merlot. The flavors are not particularly varietal; they are broader and more rustic, reminiscent of Carmenère. The palate impression is of soft, sweet, light blueberry fruit, for immediate drinking. END
START HERE This fresh but generic Sauvignon Blanc offers white-fruit aromas and zesty passion fruit scents. The mouthfeel is juicy, while flavors of grapefruit, lime and orange finish with a touch of pithy bitterness. Along the way, riper notes of melon fade in and out.', 'The grapes come from the Applegate valley and the blend is 100% Merlot. The flavors are not particularly varietal; they are broader and more rustic, reminiscent of Carmenère. The palate impression is of soft, sweet, light blueberry fruit, for immediate drinking.', "Peachy aromas come with an oily essence. This basic Chardonnay feels plump and generic, with a shot of zesty acidity. Slightly salty melon and peach flavors don't change much on the finish. END
START HERE The grapes come from the Applegate valley and the blend is 100% Merlot. The flavors are not particularly varietal; they are broader and more rustic, reminiscent of Carmenère. The palate impression is of soft, sweet, light blueberry fruit, for immediate drinking.', "Peachy aromas come with an oily essence. This basic Chardonnay feels plump and generic, with a shot of zesty acidity. Slightly salty melon and peach flavors don't change much on the finish.", 'This wine has aromas of cranberry and black raspberry. It offers soft tannins and flavors of cassis, black cherry and cherry vanilla before the fruit-filled finish. END
START HERE Peachy aromas come with an oily essence. This basic Chardonnay feels plump and generic, with a shot of zesty acidity. Slightly salty melon and peach flavors don't change much on the finish.", 'This wine has aromas of cranberry and black raspberry. It offers soft tannins and flavors of cassis, black cherry and cherry vanilla before the fruit-filled finish.', "A darkly colored red blend that tastes like coffee sweetened with blackberry liqueur and anise. It's a big, rich, thick wine that's rustic, but entirely drinkable with barbecue, burgers, pizza. END
START HERE This wine has aromas of cranberry and black raspberry. It offers soft tannins and flavors of cassis, black cherry and cherry vanilla before the fruit-filled finish.', "A darkly colored red blend that tastes like coffee sweetened with blackberry liqueur and anise. It's a big, rich, thick wine that's rustic, but entirely drinkable with barbecue, burgers, pizza.", "Rusty in color, with a mildly mulchy, leafy nose that's also slightly floral and smells of orange peel. Zesty in the mouth, with a lean profile and tart flavors of red cherry, plum and herbs. END
START HERE A darkly colored red blend that tastes like coffee sweetened with blackberry liqueur and anise. It's a big, rich, thick wine that's rustic, but entirely drinkable with barbecue, burgers, pizza.", "Rusty in color, with a mildly mulchy, leafy nose that's also slightly floral and smells of orange peel. Zesty in the mouth, with a lean profile and tart flavors of red cherry, plum and herbs.", 'This has already past its sell-by date. The color is tan and maderized, while the nose is soft and mushy, with raisiny aromas. Like the nose, this is flabby and past its prime in the mouth, with a bland, bitter finish. END
START HERE Rusty in color, with a mildly mulchy, leafy nose that's also slightly floral and smells of orange peel. Zesty in the mouth, with a lean profile and tart flavors of red cherry, plum and herbs.", 'This has already past its sell-by date. The color is tan and maderized, while the nose is soft and mushy, with raisiny aromas. Like the nose, this is flabby and past its prime in the mouth, with a bland, bitter finish.', 'Generic pear and apple aromas are simple but good. This wine runs light on oak and feels juicy and correct. Flavors of apple, pear and vanilla turn more briny and salty on the finish, which circles back with sweetness as it fades away. END
START HERE This has already past its sell-by date. The color is tan and maderized, while the nose is soft and mushy, with raisiny aromas. Like the nose, this is flabby and past its prime in the mouth, with a bland, bitter finish.', 'Generic pear and apple aromas are simple but good. This wine runs light on oak and feels juicy and correct. Flavors of apple, pear and vanilla turn more briny and salty on the finish, which circles back with sweetness as it fades away.', 'Minty, earthy and leafy, but with enough fruit that it seems honest. The palate is lively with thin-sided cherry flavors followed by a clean but lean finish. More like standard old-school Chianti than typical Chilean Cab. END
START HERE Generic pear and apple aromas are simple but good. This wine runs light on oak and feels juicy and correct. Flavors of apple, pear and vanilla turn more briny and salty on the finish, which circles back with sweetness as it fades away.', 'Minty, earthy and leafy, but with enough fruit that it seems honest. The palate is lively with thin-sided cherry flavors followed by a clean but lean finish. More like standard old-school Chianti than typical Chilean Cab.', 'Simple and fruity, it has attractive red fruits, soft tannins and just the right amount of acidity. It will develop relatively quickly, so drink from 2015. END
START HERE Minty, earthy and leafy, but with enough fruit that it seems honest. The palate is lively with thin-sided cherry flavors followed by a clean but lean finish. More like standard old-school Chianti than typical Chilean Cab.', 'Simple and fruity, it has attractive red fruits, soft tannins and just the right amount of acidity. It will develop relatively quickly, so drink from 2015.', 'Slightly herbal, but not so much so that the bouquet is off or unappealing. Racy and a little rubbery on the palate, with generic but solid berry and herbal aromas. Long, herbal and only mildly scratchy on the finish. Standard Merlot from Chile. END
START HERE Simple and fruity, it has attractive red fruits, soft tannins and just the right amount of acidity. It will develop relatively quickly, so drink from 2015.', 'Slightly herbal, but not so much so that the bouquet is off or unappealing. Racy and a little rubbery on the palate, with generic but solid berry and herbal aromas. Long, herbal and only mildly scratchy on the finish. Standard Merlot from Chile.', 'This lightly oxidized Chard is powdery but not entirely fresh, as it shows aromas of pool water and mealy melon. The palate is chunky and just O.K. in feel, while fleshy flavors of melon and peach end briny and mildly bitter. END
START HERE Slightly herbal, but not so much so that the bouquet is off or unappealing. Racy and a little rubbery on the palate, with generic but solid berry and herbal aromas. Long, herbal and only mildly scratchy on the finish. Standard Merlot from Chile.', 'This lightly oxidized Chard is powdery but not entirely fresh, as it shows aromas of pool water and mealy melon. The palate is chunky and just O.K. in feel, while fleshy flavors of melon and peach end briny and mildly bitter.', 'A candy-pink-colored wine, this is crisp, fruity and off dry. There is a touch of caramel that fills out the otherwise acidic and red-currant-flavored palate. The wine is ready to drink. END
START HERE This lightly oxidized Chard is powdery but not entirely fresh, as it shows aromas of pool water and mealy melon. The palate is chunky and just O.K. in feel, while fleshy flavors of melon and peach end briny and mildly bitter.', 'A candy-pink-colored wine, this is crisp, fruity and off dry. There is a touch of caramel that fills out the otherwise acidic and red-currant-flavored palate. The wine is ready to drink.', "This is a truly herbal Sauvignon that is sold under the label of one of the major wine retail chains in France. It's full of green fruit, intense acidity and crisp texture and is ready to drink. END
START HERE A candy-pink-colored wine, this is crisp, fruity and off dry. There is a touch of caramel that fills out the otherwise acidic and red-currant-flavored palate. The wine is ready to drink.', "This is a truly herbal Sauvignon that is sold under the label of one of the major wine retail chains in France. It's full of green fruit, intense acidity and crisp texture and is ready to drink.", "Here's a good, everyday Cab if you're looking for a bargain. It's dry, tannic and earthy, with suggestions of currants and oak. END
START HERE This is a truly herbal Sauvignon that is sold under the label of one of the major wine retail chains in France. It's full of green fruit, intense acidity and crisp texture and is ready to drink.", "Here's a good, everyday Cab if you're looking for a bargain. It's dry, tannic and earthy, with suggestions of currants and oak.", "Sweetly aromatic of jasmine, this Chardonnay has a core of honey, apple and caramel, and is pleasantly crisp and balanced. Accessible and well-priced, it's a solid and friendly go-to white for just about any occasion. END
START HERE Here's a good, everyday Cab if you're looking for a bargain. It's dry, tannic and earthy, with suggestions of currants and oak.", "Sweetly aromatic of jasmine, this Chardonnay has a core of honey, apple and caramel, and is pleasantly crisp and balanced. Accessible and well-priced, it's a solid and friendly go-to white for just about any occasion.", 'This is a simple wine with friendly pear and apple aromas. The palate has modest complexity, with fresh acids and a touch of oak. Core flavors of peach and apple finish with modest accents of toast and popcorn. END
START HERE Sweetly aromatic of jasmine, this Chardonnay has a core of honey, apple and caramel, and is pleasantly crisp and balanced. Accessible and well-priced, it's a solid and friendly go-to white for just about any occasion.", 'This is a simple wine with friendly pear and apple aromas. The palate has modest complexity, with fresh acids and a touch of oak. Core flavors of peach and apple finish with modest accents of toast and popcorn.', 'This Chardonnay has flavors of rich, ripe tropical fruit, tangerine, apricot and lime. The tangy acidity provides a keen finish. END
START HERE This is a simple wine with friendly pear and apple aromas. The palate has modest complexity, with fresh acids and a touch of oak. Core flavors of peach and apple finish with modest accents of toast and popcorn.', 'This Chardonnay has flavors of rich, ripe tropical fruit, tangerine, apricot and lime. The tangy acidity provides a keen finish.', "With bright fruitiness, this is an attractive black-currant flavored wine. It has fine acidity that cuts through the wine's gentle, tannic character and leaves a lively, fresh aftertaste. END
START HERE This Chardonnay has flavors of rich, ripe tropical fruit, tangerine, apricot and lime. The tangy acidity provides a keen finish.', "With bright fruitiness, this is an attractive black-currant flavored wine. It has fine acidity that cuts through the wine's gentle, tannic character and leaves a lively, fresh aftertaste.", "Dry, spicy aromas aren't overly ripe or expressive. In the mouth, this basic Cab is raw, racy and spiky in feel. Flavors of herbal red-berry fruits are leafy, while finishing flavors of carob and pepper register as adequate. END
START HERE With bright fruitiness, this is an attractive black-currant flavored wine. It has fine acidity that cuts through the wine's gentle, tannic character and leaves a lively, fresh aftertaste.", "Dry, spicy aromas aren't overly ripe or expressive. In the mouth, this basic Cab is raw, racy and spiky in feel. Flavors of herbal red-berry fruits are leafy, while finishing flavors of carob and pepper register as adequate.", 'Dusty aromas of red cherry are muddled by oaky notes of plastic and latex. A jumpy, bright palate is rudimentary, as are lightly spiced plum and raspberry flavors. A fresh, dry, basic finish seems appropriate. END
START HERE Dry, spicy aromas aren't overly ripe or expressive. In the mouth, this basic Cab is raw, racy and spiky in feel. Flavors of herbal red-berry fruits are leafy, while finishing flavors of carob and pepper register as adequate.", 'Dusty aromas of red cherry are muddled by oaky notes of plastic and latex. A jumpy, bright palate is rudimentary, as are lightly spiced plum and raspberry flavors. A fresh, dry, basic finish seems appropriate.', 'Cherry and blackberry notes dominate this ripe, full wine. It has a smoky, toasty character that lends good balance and aging potential. The estate is planted with Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
START HERE Dusty aromas of red cherry are muddled by oaky notes of plastic and latex. A jumpy, bright palate is rudimentary, as are lightly spiced plum and raspberry flavors. A fresh, dry, basic finish seems appropriate.', 'Cherry and blackberry notes dominate this ripe, full wine. It has a smoky, toasty character that lends good balance and aging potential. The estate is planted with Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon.', 'This is a crisp wine, almost tart. It needs to soften to allow the red-currant fruitiness to shine. It will be attractive after late summer 2017. END
START HERE Cherry and blackberry notes dominate this ripe, full wine. It has a smoky, toasty character that lends good balance and aging potential. The estate is planted with Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon.', 'This is a crisp wine, almost tart. It needs to soften to allow the red-currant fruitiness to shine. It will be attractive after late summer 2017.', 'A solid blast of tropical and green fruits rises from the glass. The palate is sharp and citric at first, and then it opens and evolves to show grapefruit, lemon and tangerine flavors. If you like a crisp, steely style of Sauvignon, then give this refreshing wine a shot. END
START HERE This is a crisp wine, almost tart. It needs to soften to allow the red-currant fruitiness to shine. It will be attractive after late summer 2017.', 'A solid blast of tropical and green fruits rises from the glass. The palate is sharp and citric at first, and then it opens and evolves to show grapefruit, lemon and tangerine flavors. If you like a crisp, steely style of Sauvignon, then give this refreshing wine a shot.', 'A light wine with some smoky flavors but mainly soft red-berry fruits and accompanying acidity. The wine has a round texture and a spicy aftertaste. END
START HERE A solid blast of tropical and green fruits rises from the glass. The palate is sharp and citric at first, and then it opens and evolves to show grapefruit, lemon and tangerine flavors. If you like a crisp, steely style of Sauvignon, then give this refreshing wine a shot.', 'A light wine with some smoky flavors but mainly soft red-berry fruits and accompanying acidity. The wine has a round texture and a spicy aftertaste.', 'The rich fruit of this wine is supported by the ripe tannins. So blackberry flavors and acidity are given spice and a smoky character. The balance is already there. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE A light wine with some smoky flavors but mainly soft red-berry fruits and accompanying acidity. The wine has a round texture and a spicy aftertaste.', 'The rich fruit of this wine is supported by the ripe tannins. So blackberry flavors and acidity are given spice and a smoky character. The balance is already there. Drink from 2018.', "With 7% residual sugar and 11% alcohol, this is a Riesling to enjoy with spicy noodle dishes. Sweetness notwithstanding, it's a substantial wine with grip and definition. Melon and peach flavors roll smoothly into notes of caramel and honey. This is rich and delicious. END
START HERE The rich fruit of this wine is supported by the ripe tannins. So blackberry flavors and acidity are given spice and a smoky character. The balance is already there. Drink from 2018.', "With 7% residual sugar and 11% alcohol, this is a Riesling to enjoy with spicy noodle dishes. Sweetness notwithstanding, it's a substantial wine with grip and definition. Melon and peach flavors roll smoothly into notes of caramel and honey. This is rich and delicious.", "Full and confident on the nose, with a wide range of berry aromas. The palate is medium in weight and power, but the flavors are entirely ripe and juicy, with an emphasis on raspberry and plum. Not overpowering but still it shows Chile's ability to produce wall-to-wall red wines at moderate prices. END
START HERE With 7% residual sugar and 11% alcohol, this is a Riesling to enjoy with spicy noodle dishes. Sweetness notwithstanding, it's a substantial wine with grip and definition. Melon and peach flavors roll smoothly into notes of caramel and honey. This is rich and delicious.", "Full and confident on the nose, with a wide range of berry aromas. The palate is medium in weight and power, but the flavors are entirely ripe and juicy, with an emphasis on raspberry and plum. Not overpowering but still it shows Chile's ability to produce wall-to-wall red wines at moderate prices.", 'Smooth and easy-drinking, this medium-bodied wine has the attributes many people enjoy: vanilla and coconut aromas, lightly sweet apple flavors that coat the palate, and a pear syrup quality that lingers on the finish. END
START HERE Full and confident on the nose, with a wide range of berry aromas. The palate is medium in weight and power, but the flavors are entirely ripe and juicy, with an emphasis on raspberry and plum. Not overpowering but still it shows Chile's ability to produce wall-to-wall red wines at moderate prices.", 'Smooth and easy-drinking, this medium-bodied wine has the attributes many people enjoy: vanilla and coconut aromas, lightly sweet apple flavors that coat the palate, and a pear syrup quality that lingers on the finish.', "At the price, a pretty satisfying Malbec that's a little tight at first, with dark stewy notes, but on balance good texture and finish. It shows plum and black cherry flavors integrated throughout and a touch of Yolo earthiness, too. END
START HERE Smooth and easy-drinking, this medium-bodied wine has the attributes many people enjoy: vanilla and coconut aromas, lightly sweet apple flavors that coat the palate, and a pear syrup quality that lingers on the finish.', "At the price, a pretty satisfying Malbec that's a little tight at first, with dark stewy notes, but on balance good texture and finish. It shows plum and black cherry flavors integrated throughout and a touch of Yolo earthiness, too.", "Dry and vegetal, with an asparagus taste alongside the cherries and blackberries. At this price, not bad if you're not fussy. END
START HERE At the price, a pretty satisfying Malbec that's a little tight at first, with dark stewy notes, but on balance good texture and finish. It shows plum and black cherry flavors integrated throughout and a touch of Yolo earthiness, too.", "Dry and vegetal, with an asparagus taste alongside the cherries and blackberries. At this price, not bad if you're not fussy.", "A great value wine, Cusumano's cheerful Syrah is aged in stainless steel to lock in its fresh berry nuances. The wine's texture is clean and simple, but nicely smooth and soft as well. END
START HERE Dry and vegetal, with an asparagus taste alongside the cherries and blackberries. At this price, not bad if you're not fussy.", "A great value wine, Cusumano's cheerful Syrah is aged in stainless steel to lock in its fresh berry nuances. The wine's texture is clean and simple, but nicely smooth and soft as well.", 'Dry, dark-hued tannins cut through the wine, giving it a bitter feel. It is tough, firm, missing the balancing fruit. END
START HERE A great value wine, Cusumano's cheerful Syrah is aged in stainless steel to lock in its fresh berry nuances. The wine's texture is clean and simple, but nicely smooth and soft as well.", 'Dry, dark-hued tannins cut through the wine, giving it a bitter feel. It is tough, firm, missing the balancing fruit.', 'A fresh, warmly herbaceous wine, with a hint of apricot juice and sweet pink grapefruit. Bright acidity finishes a great apéritif wine. END
START HERE Dry, dark-hued tannins cut through the wine, giving it a bitter feel. It is tough, firm, missing the balancing fruit.', 'A fresh, warmly herbaceous wine, with a hint of apricot juice and sweet pink grapefruit. Bright acidity finishes a great apéritif wine.', 'Green apple and lime aromas are well presented and clean. This has a citrusy feel to go with lime, passion fruit and grapefruit flavors. A mildly pithy and citric finish delivers plenty of youthful kick. END
START HERE A fresh, warmly herbaceous wine, with a hint of apricot juice and sweet pink grapefruit. Bright acidity finishes a great apéritif wine.', 'Green apple and lime aromas are well presented and clean. This has a citrusy feel to go with lime, passion fruit and grapefruit flavors. A mildly pithy and citric finish delivers plenty of youthful kick.', 'Thin, with acidic cherry flavors and a touch of oak. Saved by dryness and a nice Pinot silkiness. END
START HERE Green apple and lime aromas are well presented and clean. This has a citrusy feel to go with lime, passion fruit and grapefruit flavors. A mildly pithy and citric finish delivers plenty of youthful kick.', 'Thin, with acidic cherry flavors and a touch of oak. Saved by dryness and a nice Pinot silkiness.', "Scents of marshmallows and spun sugar are twined around flavors of lemon, candied orange peel and English Breakfast tea. It's off-dry, brisk and lively. END
START HERE Thin, with acidic cherry flavors and a touch of oak. Saved by dryness and a nice Pinot silkiness.', "Scents of marshmallows and spun sugar are twined around flavors of lemon, candied orange peel and English Breakfast tea. It's off-dry, brisk and lively.", 'So what does ten bucks buy in Pinot Noir? A light-bodied wine with tart, green strawberry, cola and cranberry flavors, plenty of crisp acids and smooth tannins. END
START HERE Scents of marshmallows and spun sugar are twined around flavors of lemon, candied orange peel and English Breakfast tea. It's off-dry, brisk and lively.", 'So what does ten bucks buy in Pinot Noir? A light-bodied wine with tart, green strawberry, cola and cranberry flavors, plenty of crisp acids and smooth tannins.', 'A minty strangeness permeates this wine, which comes off as artificial in flavor. Rumblings of cherry grenadine try to emerge from the muddled midpalate, which otherwise lacks flavor. The quick finish is medicinal and sweet. END
START HERE So what does ten bucks buy in Pinot Noir? A light-bodied wine with tart, green strawberry, cola and cranberry flavors, plenty of crisp acids and smooth tannins.', 'A minty strangeness permeates this wine, which comes off as artificial in flavor. Rumblings of cherry grenadine try to emerge from the muddled midpalate, which otherwise lacks flavor. The quick finish is medicinal and sweet.', "Newman ventures beyond producing spaghetti sauce and salad dressing with this berry-scented Cabernet. It's dry, tannic and good for everyday consumption. END
START HERE A minty strangeness permeates this wine, which comes off as artificial in flavor. Rumblings of cherry grenadine try to emerge from the muddled midpalate, which otherwise lacks flavor. The quick finish is medicinal and sweet.', "Newman ventures beyond producing spaghetti sauce and salad dressing with this berry-scented Cabernet. It's dry, tannic and good for everyday consumption.", 'Earth, pepper and prickly spice comprise the aromas on this Central Valley Pinot. Feels resiny and warm, with sweet flavors of black cherry, cream and oak. Spicy, chunky and drying on the finish. Good for the price. END
START HERE Newman ventures beyond producing spaghetti sauce and salad dressing with this berry-scented Cabernet. It's dry, tannic and good for everyday consumption.", 'Earth, pepper and prickly spice comprise the aromas on this Central Valley Pinot. Feels resiny and warm, with sweet flavors of black cherry, cream and oak. Spicy, chunky and drying on the finish. Good for the price.', 'This tastes like buttered toast, topped with orange marmalade and vanilla. The crisp acidity makes it feel bright and clean. END
START HERE Earth, pepper and prickly spice comprise the aromas on this Central Valley Pinot. Feels resiny and warm, with sweet flavors of black cherry, cream and oak. Spicy, chunky and drying on the finish. Good for the price.', 'This tastes like buttered toast, topped with orange marmalade and vanilla. The crisp acidity makes it feel bright and clean.', 'Made by the Barcelo family in the east of Corsica, the wine is ripe with strawberry fruit flavors that are balanced with apple acidity. It is lightly textured, just hinting at citrus. This is a fine apéritif style. END
START HERE This tastes like buttered toast, topped with orange marmalade and vanilla. The crisp acidity makes it feel bright and clean.', 'Made by the Barcelo family in the east of Corsica, the wine is ripe with strawberry fruit flavors that are balanced with apple acidity. It is lightly textured, just hinting at citrus. This is a fine apéritif style.', 'A textured wine, this has ripe fruit that still shows a green, herbal character. It has weight and a ripe black-currant flavor, plus juicy acidity and soft tannins. Ready to drink. END
START HERE Made by the Barcelo family in the east of Corsica, the wine is ripe with strawberry fruit flavors that are balanced with apple acidity. It is lightly textured, just hinting at citrus. This is a fine apéritif style.', 'A textured wine, this has ripe fruit that still shows a green, herbal character. It has weight and a ripe black-currant flavor, plus juicy acidity and soft tannins. Ready to drink.', 'Composed and dry Merlot made somewhat in an Old World style. Cola, tobacco and basic berry fruit aromas come in front of a juicy, high-acid palate. Tastes spicy and toasty, with plum and red berry flavors. Fresh and clean; best with food. END
START HERE A textured wine, this has ripe fruit that still shows a green, herbal character. It has weight and a ripe black-currant flavor, plus juicy acidity and soft tannins. Ready to drink.', 'Composed and dry Merlot made somewhat in an Old World style. Cola, tobacco and basic berry fruit aromas come in front of a juicy, high-acid palate. Tastes spicy and toasty, with plum and red berry flavors. Fresh and clean; best with food.', 'This wine has good spiciness, ripe fruits and firm tannins. There is a good balance between acidity from red berry fruits and a dense, tannic character. It is solid and concentrated, and needing to age longer. Drink from 2015. END
START HERE Composed and dry Merlot made somewhat in an Old World style. Cola, tobacco and basic berry fruit aromas come in front of a juicy, high-acid palate. Tastes spicy and toasty, with plum and red berry flavors. Fresh and clean; best with food.', 'This wine has good spiciness, ripe fruits and firm tannins. There is a good balance between acidity from red berry fruits and a dense, tannic character. It is solid and concentrated, and needing to age longer. Drink from 2015.', 'As tasty as a pear tart, this combines mild pear, vanilla and almond flavors on a smooth texture. Medium bodied, balanced slightly to the soft side, and quite fruity, it will make a satisfying glass at cocktail time or with dinner. END
START HERE This wine has good spiciness, ripe fruits and firm tannins. There is a good balance between acidity from red berry fruits and a dense, tannic character. It is solid and concentrated, and needing to age longer. Drink from 2015.', 'As tasty as a pear tart, this combines mild pear, vanilla and almond flavors on a smooth texture. Medium bodied, balanced slightly to the soft side, and quite fruity, it will make a satisfying glass at cocktail time or with dinner.', 'Sourced from vineyards on the east coast of Corsica, this attractive, fruity wine is made from 100% Sciaccarellu. Its lively, light and crisp red currant and lemon flavors make it ready to drink. END
START HERE As tasty as a pear tart, this combines mild pear, vanilla and almond flavors on a smooth texture. Medium bodied, balanced slightly to the soft side, and quite fruity, it will make a satisfying glass at cocktail time or with dinner.', 'Sourced from vineyards on the east coast of Corsica, this attractive, fruity wine is made from 100% Sciaccarellu. Its lively, light and crisp red currant and lemon flavors make it ready to drink.', 'Dry, tannic and acidic, with proper flavors of blackberries and cherries. Perfectly fine for drinking at parties. END
START HERE Sourced from vineyards on the east coast of Corsica, this attractive, fruity wine is made from 100% Sciaccarellu. Its lively, light and crisp red currant and lemon flavors make it ready to drink.', 'Dry, tannic and acidic, with proper flavors of blackberries and cherries. Perfectly fine for drinking at parties.', 'This medium-bodied wine is well rounded in texture. The touch of sweet pear in the flavors gives counterpoint to herb and fennel aromas and some citrusy acidity. END
START HERE Dry, tannic and acidic, with proper flavors of blackberries and cherries. Perfectly fine for drinking at parties.', 'This medium-bodied wine is well rounded in texture. The touch of sweet pear in the flavors gives counterpoint to herb and fennel aromas and some citrusy acidity.', "Has aromas of blackberries and plums, with an earthy note, and a medicinal streak. Flavors are fruity and it drinks dry, with an earthy roughness that time won't round out. Simple and pleasant. END
START HERE This medium-bodied wine is well rounded in texture. The touch of sweet pear in the flavors gives counterpoint to herb and fennel aromas and some citrusy acidity.', "Has aromas of blackberries and plums, with an earthy note, and a medicinal streak. Flavors are fruity and it drinks dry, with an earthy roughness that time won't round out. Simple and pleasant.", "A good everyday wine. It's dry, full-bodied and has enough berry-cherry flavors to get by, wrapped into a smooth texture. END
START HERE Has aromas of blackberries and plums, with an earthy note, and a medicinal streak. Flavors are fruity and it drinks dry, with an earthy roughness that time won't round out. Simple and pleasant.", "A good everyday wine. It's dry, full-bodied and has enough berry-cherry flavors to get by, wrapped into a smooth texture.", "With time, initial smoky and rubbery aromas become more savory and fruity on the palate. This wine has ripe red- and black-cherry flavors, a crisp balance and a smooth texture that's low in tannin. END
START HERE A good everyday wine. It's dry, full-bodied and has enough berry-cherry flavors to get by, wrapped into a smooth texture.", "With time, initial smoky and rubbery aromas become more savory and fruity on the palate. This wine has ripe red- and black-cherry flavors, a crisp balance and a smooth texture that's low in tannin.", 'Sweet red-fruit aromas are mild and earthy. This feels rough on its own but will drink well with food. Flavors of plum, berry and chocolate lead to a similar-tasting, medium finish. END
START HERE With time, initial smoky and rubbery aromas become more savory and fruity on the palate. This wine has ripe red- and black-cherry flavors, a crisp balance and a smooth texture that's low in tannin.", 'Sweet red-fruit aromas are mild and earthy. This feels rough on its own but will drink well with food. Flavors of plum, berry and chocolate lead to a similar-tasting, medium finish.', "A well-built red, this features a tasty core of plum and raspberry flavors surrounded by appealing, slightly sweet oak accents that come out as vanilla and cinnamon. Perhaps it's not tight or tannic enough for everyone, but it should be a crowd pleaser. END
START HERE Sweet red-fruit aromas are mild and earthy. This feels rough on its own but will drink well with food. Flavors of plum, berry and chocolate lead to a similar-tasting, medium finish.', "A well-built red, this features a tasty core of plum and raspberry flavors surrounded by appealing, slightly sweet oak accents that come out as vanilla and cinnamon. Perhaps it's not tight or tannic enough for everyone, but it should be a crowd pleaser.", "A refreshing rosé that's well worth the price. Wild strawberry, bubble gum and cherry are supported by tangerine-tinged acidity. Balanced and refreshing, an excellent summer quaffer. END
START HERE A well-built red, this features a tasty core of plum and raspberry flavors surrounded by appealing, slightly sweet oak accents that come out as vanilla and cinnamon. Perhaps it's not tight or tannic enough for everyone, but it should be a crowd pleaser.", "A refreshing rosé that's well worth the price. Wild strawberry, bubble gum and cherry are supported by tangerine-tinged acidity. Balanced and refreshing, an excellent summer quaffer.", 'Spicy and jumpy smelling, with red fruit aromas. The palate is alert, upright and tangy, with both citrus and red raspberry flavors. Reasonably good in terms of mouthfeel, with a light, herbal finish. A bit lean but exceedingly fresh. END
START HERE A refreshing rosé that's well worth the price. Wild strawberry, bubble gum and cherry are supported by tangerine-tinged acidity. Balanced and refreshing, an excellent summer quaffer.", 'Spicy and jumpy smelling, with red fruit aromas. The palate is alert, upright and tangy, with both citrus and red raspberry flavors. Reasonably good in terms of mouthfeel, with a light, herbal finish. A bit lean but exceedingly fresh.', "Not overdone or overripe, here's a rich Chard that boasts fresh peach and red apple notes with notes of tropical fruit acidity. Clean and solid with a medium mouthfeel; an easy-drinking choice that's perfect for company. END
START HERE Spicy and jumpy smelling, with red fruit aromas. The palate is alert, upright and tangy, with both citrus and red raspberry flavors. Reasonably good in terms of mouthfeel, with a light, herbal finish. A bit lean but exceedingly fresh.', "Not overdone or overripe, here's a rich Chard that boasts fresh peach and red apple notes with notes of tropical fruit acidity. Clean and solid with a medium mouthfeel; an easy-drinking choice that's perfect for company.", 'Soft and dull, this has medicinal, cough drop flavors of berry fruit. END
START HERE Not overdone or overripe, here's a rich Chard that boasts fresh peach and red apple notes with notes of tropical fruit acidity. Clean and solid with a medium mouthfeel; an easy-drinking choice that's perfect for company.", 'Soft and dull, this has medicinal, cough drop flavors of berry fruit.', 'This moderately aromatic wine offers notes of pear, citrus and apricot. It drinks medium sweet with stone-fruit and citrus flavors along with spritely acidity, bringing a whole lot of appeal. END
START HERE Soft and dull, this has medicinal, cough drop flavors of berry fruit.', 'This moderately aromatic wine offers notes of pear, citrus and apricot. It drinks medium sweet with stone-fruit and citrus flavors along with spritely acidity, bringing a whole lot of appeal.', 'Very fruity and a little spicy, this medium- to full-bodied wine has a smooth texture, nicely concentrated black-cherry and blueberry flavors and a good sense of layering and length. END
START HERE This moderately aromatic wine offers notes of pear, citrus and apricot. It drinks medium sweet with stone-fruit and citrus flavors along with spritely acidity, bringing a whole lot of appeal.', 'Very fruity and a little spicy, this medium- to full-bodied wine has a smooth texture, nicely concentrated black-cherry and blueberry flavors and a good sense of layering and length.', "Plum, berry and milk chocolate aromas are not too aggressive. The palate is round and friendly feeling, with flavors of wild berry, sweet oak and carob. Finishes with solid oaky flavors. Good Syrah that's uncomplicated and generally well made. END
START HERE Very fruity and a little spicy, this medium- to full-bodied wine has a smooth texture, nicely concentrated black-cherry and blueberry flavors and a good sense of layering and length.', "Plum, berry and milk chocolate aromas are not too aggressive. The palate is round and friendly feeling, with flavors of wild berry, sweet oak and carob. Finishes with solid oaky flavors. Good Syrah that's uncomplicated and generally well made.", 'Syrah-like aromas make this an attractive, soft wine. Its red berry fruit and balanced acidity are well in place for warm-weather drinking. END
START HERE Plum, berry and milk chocolate aromas are not too aggressive. The palate is round and friendly feeling, with flavors of wild berry, sweet oak and carob. Finishes with solid oaky flavors. Good Syrah that's uncomplicated and generally well made.", 'Syrah-like aromas make this an attractive, soft wine. Its red berry fruit and balanced acidity are well in place for warm-weather drinking.', 'There is a lot of fruit in the aroma and flavor of this wine. That, along with a touch of floral influence, make this medium-bodied wine fresh and alluring. Notes like Anjou pear, jasmine, ripe peach and a hint of vanilla swirl softly around the palate. END
START HERE Syrah-like aromas make this an attractive, soft wine. Its red berry fruit and balanced acidity are well in place for warm-weather drinking.', 'There is a lot of fruit in the aroma and flavor of this wine. That, along with a touch of floral influence, make this medium-bodied wine fresh and alluring. Notes like Anjou pear, jasmine, ripe peach and a hint of vanilla swirl softly around the palate.', 'Lean, largely neutral citrus aromas set up a palate with medium weight. Melon, pineapple and passion-fruit flavors are fresh but minimal. A bright finish makes this a good match for ceviche. END
START HERE There is a lot of fruit in the aroma and flavor of this wine. That, along with a touch of floral influence, make this medium-bodied wine fresh and alluring. Notes like Anjou pear, jasmine, ripe peach and a hint of vanilla swirl softly around the palate.', 'Lean, largely neutral citrus aromas set up a palate with medium weight. Melon, pineapple and passion-fruit flavors are fresh but minimal. A bright finish makes this a good match for ceviche.', 'Pretty aromas of cassis, cherry and sweet cream are inviting. Feels good, with zesty acidity and nice overall balance. Flavors of black currant, Bing cherry and plum cover the bases, while the finish is easygoing. The epitome of everyday Cabernet. END
START HERE Lean, largely neutral citrus aromas set up a palate with medium weight. Melon, pineapple and passion-fruit flavors are fresh but minimal. A bright finish makes this a good match for ceviche.', 'Pretty aromas of cassis, cherry and sweet cream are inviting. Feels good, with zesty acidity and nice overall balance. Flavors of black currant, Bing cherry and plum cover the bases, while the finish is easygoing. The epitome of everyday Cabernet.', 'There are tons of juicy raspberry and cherry flavors in this soft, gentle red blend. END
START HERE Pretty aromas of cassis, cherry and sweet cream are inviting. Feels good, with zesty acidity and nice overall balance. Flavors of black currant, Bing cherry and plum cover the bases, while the finish is easygoing. The epitome of everyday Cabernet.', 'There are tons of juicy raspberry and cherry flavors in this soft, gentle red blend.', "This light, fruity wine is a perfect summer apéritif. With a crisp texture and attractive red fruit, it's lively and refreshing. Drink now. END
START HERE There are tons of juicy raspberry and cherry flavors in this soft, gentle red blend.', "This light, fruity wine is a perfect summer apéritif. With a crisp texture and attractive red fruit, it's lively and refreshing. Drink now.", 'Here is a straightforward Central Valley Sauvignon Blanc with prickly aromas of citrus and jalapeño. The wine delivers flavors of passion fruit, lime and green herbs in front of a short, crisp finish. END
START HERE This light, fruity wine is a perfect summer apéritif. With a crisp texture and attractive red fruit, it's lively and refreshing. Drink now.", 'Here is a straightforward Central Valley Sauvignon Blanc with prickly aromas of citrus and jalapeño. The wine delivers flavors of passion fruit, lime and green herbs in front of a short, crisp finish.', 'This light and approachable wine boasts easy notes of green apple, melon rind and a touch of hay. The mouth shows more citrus dominance, with a brisk lemon-lime character staying through the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Here is a straightforward Central Valley Sauvignon Blanc with prickly aromas of citrus and jalapeño. The wine delivers flavors of passion fruit, lime and green herbs in front of a short, crisp finish.', 'This light and approachable wine boasts easy notes of green apple, melon rind and a touch of hay. The mouth shows more citrus dominance, with a brisk lemon-lime character staying through the finish. Drink now.', "Tangerine and citrus aromas give the bouquet an orangey element, and there's a pinch of oak and tarragon in there as well. The palate has a mild, buttery texture and creamy flavors of peach and apple. Honeyed and creamy on the simple finish. END
START HERE This light and approachable wine boasts easy notes of green apple, melon rind and a touch of hay. The mouth shows more citrus dominance, with a brisk lemon-lime character staying through the finish. Drink now.', "Tangerine and citrus aromas give the bouquet an orangey element, and there's a pinch of oak and tarragon in there as well. The palate has a mild, buttery texture and creamy flavors of peach and apple. Honeyed and creamy on the simple finish.", "Simple, sweet and oaky, this Chard has ripe flavors of tropical fruits, pears, lemon tarts and vanilla. It's fine for big parties where Chard is in demand. END
START HERE Tangerine and citrus aromas give the bouquet an orangey element, and there's a pinch of oak and tarragon in there as well. The palate has a mild, buttery texture and creamy flavors of peach and apple. Honeyed and creamy on the simple finish.", "Simple, sweet and oaky, this Chard has ripe flavors of tropical fruits, pears, lemon tarts and vanilla. It's fine for big parties where Chard is in demand.", "Sweet aromas that verge on syrupy set up a sweet and easy palate of black cherry and cassis. This has a nice texture as it shows good body, feel and fruit quality. Maipe means “lord of the winds” in a native language, and while this Malbec won't transport you anywhere, it's good for the price. END
START HERE Simple, sweet and oaky, this Chard has ripe flavors of tropical fruits, pears, lemon tarts and vanilla. It's fine for big parties where Chard is in demand.", "Sweet aromas that verge on syrupy set up a sweet and easy palate of black cherry and cassis. This has a nice texture as it shows good body, feel and fruit quality. Maipe means “lord of the winds” in a native language, and while this Malbec won't transport you anywhere, it's good for the price.", 'Toast, bittersweet chocolate, vanilla and barrel spice flavors are followed by a palate that mixes equal part fruit and barrel. It goes down easy. END
START HERE Sweet aromas that verge on syrupy set up a sweet and easy palate of black cherry and cassis. This has a nice texture as it shows good body, feel and fruit quality. Maipe means “lord of the winds” in a native language, and while this Malbec won't transport you anywhere, it's good for the price.", 'Toast, bittersweet chocolate, vanilla and barrel spice flavors are followed by a palate that mixes equal part fruit and barrel. It goes down easy.', 'This dense wine has ripe tannins and generous fruits. Its black-fruit flavors are full of spice and acidity with a crisp texture. Drink this wine from 2018. END
START HERE Toast, bittersweet chocolate, vanilla and barrel spice flavors are followed by a palate that mixes equal part fruit and barrel. It goes down easy.', 'This dense wine has ripe tannins and generous fruits. Its black-fruit flavors are full of spice and acidity with a crisp texture. Drink this wine from 2018.', 'Herbal briny aromas of black olive and roasted black fruits lead to a choppy raw palate. This tastes of herbal berry fruits and olive, with a touch of eucalyptus. Rubbery dry tannins result in scratchiness on the finish. END
START HERE This dense wine has ripe tannins and generous fruits. Its black-fruit flavors are full of spice and acidity with a crisp texture. Drink this wine from 2018.', 'Herbal briny aromas of black olive and roasted black fruits lead to a choppy raw palate. This tastes of herbal berry fruits and olive, with a touch of eucalyptus. Rubbery dry tannins result in scratchiness on the finish.', 'This pale-hued, light-bodied rosé is crisp and a bit ungenerous, but does offer refreshing aromas and flavors of passion fruit and citrus rind, turning zesty on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Herbal briny aromas of black olive and roasted black fruits lead to a choppy raw palate. This tastes of herbal berry fruits and olive, with a touch of eucalyptus. Rubbery dry tannins result in scratchiness on the finish.', 'This pale-hued, light-bodied rosé is crisp and a bit ungenerous, but does offer refreshing aromas and flavors of passion fruit and citrus rind, turning zesty on the finish. Drink now.', 'Clean but modest raspberry aromas set up a wiry palate. This tastes of tart plum, tomato and herbs. A minty green note rises up on a snappy palate that includes a touch of oak. END
START HERE This pale-hued, light-bodied rosé is crisp and a bit ungenerous, but does offer refreshing aromas and flavors of passion fruit and citrus rind, turning zesty on the finish. Drink now.', 'Clean but modest raspberry aromas set up a wiry palate. This tastes of tart plum, tomato and herbs. A minty green note rises up on a snappy palate that includes a touch of oak.', 'A basic, light, veggie-flavored wine, this smells like celery and onion and tastes like zucchini. END
START HERE Clean but modest raspberry aromas set up a wiry palate. This tastes of tart plum, tomato and herbs. A minty green note rises up on a snappy palate that includes a touch of oak.', 'A basic, light, veggie-flavored wine, this smells like celery and onion and tastes like zucchini.', 'Gritty, oily, nutty aromas lead to a tight citric palate. Salty narrow flavors of passion fruit and grapefruit finish steady and briny. Overall, this is basic in every way. END
START HERE A basic, light, veggie-flavored wine, this smells like celery and onion and tastes like zucchini.', 'Gritty, oily, nutty aromas lead to a tight citric palate. Salty narrow flavors of passion fruit and grapefruit finish steady and briny. Overall, this is basic in every way.', "Opens with gumball aromas and also foresty spice and bramble. The palate is tight and tannic as it delivers standard red licorice, berry and leathery flavors. Finishes with some salty leather and that's about it. END
START HERE Gritty, oily, nutty aromas lead to a tight citric palate. Salty narrow flavors of passion fruit and grapefruit finish steady and briny. Overall, this is basic in every way.', "Opens with gumball aromas and also foresty spice and bramble. The palate is tight and tannic as it delivers standard red licorice, berry and leathery flavors. Finishes with some salty leather and that's about it.", 'With a strange pink color and powdery nondescript aromas, this is shapeless and lacking in structure. Weak bitter flavors are completely fruitless; overall this seems to be going nowhere good. END
START HERE Opens with gumball aromas and also foresty spice and bramble. The palate is tight and tannic as it delivers standard red licorice, berry and leathery flavors. Finishes with some salty leather and that's about it.", 'With a strange pink color and powdery nondescript aromas, this is shapeless and lacking in structure. Weak bitter flavors are completely fruitless; overall this seems to be going nowhere good.', "Ebullient with ripe cherry fruit, this intensely aromatic rosé is geared towards the white Zin drinker who's looking for a step up. While soft and a tad confectionery with a sweet, candied cherry palate, there's a crisp acidity throughout that keeps it from becoming too cloying. END
START HERE With a strange pink color and powdery nondescript aromas, this is shapeless and lacking in structure. Weak bitter flavors are completely fruitless; overall this seems to be going nowhere good.', "Ebullient with ripe cherry fruit, this intensely aromatic rosé is geared towards the white Zin drinker who's looking for a step up. While soft and a tad confectionery with a sweet, candied cherry palate, there's a crisp acidity throughout that keeps it from becoming too cloying.", "Tropical fruit and hay aromas open this plump but basic SB that's low on acidity. Low-energy green-melon flavors are a bit briny, while a lack of punchy acidity leaves a short finish. END
START HERE Ebullient with ripe cherry fruit, this intensely aromatic rosé is geared towards the white Zin drinker who's looking for a step up. While soft and a tad confectionery with a sweet, candied cherry palate, there's a crisp acidity throughout that keeps it from becoming too cloying.", "Tropical fruit and hay aromas open this plump but basic SB that's low on acidity. Low-energy green-melon flavors are a bit briny, while a lack of punchy acidity leaves a short finish.", 'Plump and round on the palate, this is a bit soft and lacking bite, but does offer a reasonably complex array of pungently herbal notes and melon and fig flavors. Drink now. END
START HERE Tropical fruit and hay aromas open this plump but basic SB that's low on acidity. Low-energy green-melon flavors are a bit briny, while a lack of punchy acidity leaves a short finish.", 'Plump and round on the palate, this is a bit soft and lacking bite, but does offer a reasonably complex array of pungently herbal notes and melon and fig flavors. Drink now.', 'This lush wine leads with rich aromas of vanilla-infused blackberry, raspberry preserves and plum sauce. The medium-weight palate is plush and velvety in texture, with supple blackberry and plum flavors that carry through to the medium-length finish. END
START HERE Plump and round on the palate, this is a bit soft and lacking bite, but does offer a reasonably complex array of pungently herbal notes and melon and fig flavors. Drink now.', 'This lush wine leads with rich aromas of vanilla-infused blackberry, raspberry preserves and plum sauce. The medium-weight palate is plush and velvety in texture, with supple blackberry and plum flavors that carry through to the medium-length finish.', 'Slightly herbal and leafy on the first pass, but airing shows a good mix of olive, creamy blackberry fruit and buttery oak. The flavor profile brings candied cherry/berry fruit and an herbal touch, and the finish is juicy and feels right. Standard but more than respectable at this price point. END
START HERE This lush wine leads with rich aromas of vanilla-infused blackberry, raspberry preserves and plum sauce. The medium-weight palate is plush and velvety in texture, with supple blackberry and plum flavors that carry through to the medium-length finish.', 'Slightly herbal and leafy on the first pass, but airing shows a good mix of olive, creamy blackberry fruit and buttery oak. The flavor profile brings candied cherry/berry fruit and an herbal touch, and the finish is juicy and feels right. Standard but more than respectable at this price point.', "What you see is what you get, a simple, affordable Cabernet, with decent berry, spice and oak flavors. It's dry and balanced. END
START HERE Slightly herbal and leafy on the first pass, but airing shows a good mix of olive, creamy blackberry fruit and buttery oak. The flavor profile brings candied cherry/berry fruit and an herbal touch, and the finish is juicy and feels right. Standard but more than respectable at this price point.', "What you see is what you get, a simple, affordable Cabernet, with decent berry, spice and oak flavors. It's dry and balanced.", "A big step up from previous failures, this vintage shows tropical fruit aromas and some sea breeze. The flavors are of pineapple and tangerine, and the acidity is nice. On the finish, the fruit holds and the feel is right. Drink soon to capture the wine's perky freshness. END
START HERE What you see is what you get, a simple, affordable Cabernet, with decent berry, spice and oak flavors. It's dry and balanced.", "A big step up from previous failures, this vintage shows tropical fruit aromas and some sea breeze. The flavors are of pineapple and tangerine, and the acidity is nice. On the finish, the fruit holds and the feel is right. Drink soon to capture the wine's perky freshness.", 'Roasted, balsamic aromas suggest tomato, coffee grinds and a pinch of herbal green in addition to standard berry and cassis notes. Pulsing acidity creates a lively, dancing mouthfeel. Flavors of herbal plum and light cherry finish scratchy and edgy, with a mild chocolate flavor. END
START HERE A big step up from previous failures, this vintage shows tropical fruit aromas and some sea breeze. The flavors are of pineapple and tangerine, and the acidity is nice. On the finish, the fruit holds and the feel is right. Drink soon to capture the wine's perky freshness.", 'Roasted, balsamic aromas suggest tomato, coffee grinds and a pinch of herbal green in addition to standard berry and cassis notes. Pulsing acidity creates a lively, dancing mouthfeel. Flavors of herbal plum and light cherry finish scratchy and edgy, with a mild chocolate flavor.', 'This is appealing from the beginning, with fresh raspberry, strawberry and mineral aromas. It feels nice and bright, with flavors of citrus, pink grapefruit and green herb. Finishes with forward acidity and mild flavors of sage and tarragon. END
START HERE Roasted, balsamic aromas suggest tomato, coffee grinds and a pinch of herbal green in addition to standard berry and cassis notes. Pulsing acidity creates a lively, dancing mouthfeel. Flavors of herbal plum and light cherry finish scratchy and edgy, with a mild chocolate flavor.', 'This is appealing from the beginning, with fresh raspberry, strawberry and mineral aromas. It feels nice and bright, with flavors of citrus, pink grapefruit and green herb. Finishes with forward acidity and mild flavors of sage and tarragon.', 'This rich and buttery Chardonnay is made in a classic California style. Its smooth texture coats the palate and helps the generous pear and pineapple flavors linger on a slightly sweet finish. END
START HERE This is appealing from the beginning, with fresh raspberry, strawberry and mineral aromas. It feels nice and bright, with flavors of citrus, pink grapefruit and green herb. Finishes with forward acidity and mild flavors of sage and tarragon.', 'This rich and buttery Chardonnay is made in a classic California style. Its smooth texture coats the palate and helps the generous pear and pineapple flavors linger on a slightly sweet finish.', 'Bright, fresh wine with a light wood touch. The acidity highlights black currant flavors exacerbated by some greenness. END
START HERE This rich and buttery Chardonnay is made in a classic California style. Its smooth texture coats the palate and helps the generous pear and pineapple flavors linger on a slightly sweet finish.', 'Bright, fresh wine with a light wood touch. The acidity highlights black currant flavors exacerbated by some greenness.', 'The wine is packed with fruit: blackberry and damson flavors that are given a great lift by the acidity. It has a spicy side to it, adding complexity and filling out the tannins. Drink this wine from 2018. END
START HERE Bright, fresh wine with a light wood touch. The acidity highlights black currant flavors exacerbated by some greenness.', 'The wine is packed with fruit: blackberry and damson flavors that are given a great lift by the acidity. It has a spicy side to it, adding complexity and filling out the tannins. Drink this wine from 2018.', "Light in color, with transparency, something you usually don't see with Malbec. The nose is rubbery, saucy and a touch grassy, while the palate is tannic and grabby, with stewy, rustic, roasted berry flavors. Finishes with the taste of barbecue sauce. END
START HERE The wine is packed with fruit: blackberry and damson flavors that are given a great lift by the acidity. It has a spicy side to it, adding complexity and filling out the tannins. Drink this wine from 2018.', "Light in color, with transparency, something you usually don't see with Malbec. The nose is rubbery, saucy and a touch grassy, while the palate is tannic and grabby, with stewy, rustic, roasted berry flavors. Finishes with the taste of barbecue sauce.", 'Aggressive on the palate, this has harp acids that frame flavors of sour cherry candy and green mint. END
START HERE Light in color, with transparency, something you usually don't see with Malbec. The nose is rubbery, saucy and a touch grassy, while the palate is tannic and grabby, with stewy, rustic, roasted berry flavors. Finishes with the taste of barbecue sauce.", 'Aggressive on the palate, this has harp acids that frame flavors of sour cherry candy and green mint.', 'A perfumed wine with notes of candied orange, peach and lavender. The palate is sweet and easy drinking. Chill down and enjoy. END
START HERE Aggressive on the palate, this has harp acids that frame flavors of sour cherry candy and green mint.', 'A perfumed wine with notes of candied orange, peach and lavender. The palate is sweet and easy drinking. Chill down and enjoy.', "Rubber and earth aromas lead to a mix of berry fruit scents and a pinch of vinegar. It's firm in the mouth, with cranberry and herbal raspberry flavors. Gives about as much as it can but at the same time it shows a tart, basic, mildly herbal DNA. END
START HERE A perfumed wine with notes of candied orange, peach and lavender. The palate is sweet and easy drinking. Chill down and enjoy.', "Rubber and earth aromas lead to a mix of berry fruit scents and a pinch of vinegar. It's firm in the mouth, with cranberry and herbal raspberry flavors. Gives about as much as it can but at the same time it shows a tart, basic, mildly herbal DNA.", 'Brambly smelling, with tomato, green herb and rhubarb aromas. Nervy and tight in the mouth, with minty, spicy flavors that keep any fruit character in the distance. Scratchy and tannic as well. END
START HERE Rubber and earth aromas lead to a mix of berry fruit scents and a pinch of vinegar. It's firm in the mouth, with cranberry and herbal raspberry flavors. Gives about as much as it can but at the same time it shows a tart, basic, mildly herbal DNA.", 'Brambly smelling, with tomato, green herb and rhubarb aromas. Nervy and tight in the mouth, with minty, spicy flavors that keep any fruit character in the distance. Scratchy and tannic as well.', 'This is a hot, earthy Malbec with cover-up oak on the nose. A high-acid palate is drying and hard, with narrow, salty berry flavors and a peppery tasting, scratchy finish. END
START HERE Brambly smelling, with tomato, green herb and rhubarb aromas. Nervy and tight in the mouth, with minty, spicy flavors that keep any fruit character in the distance. Scratchy and tannic as well.', 'This is a hot, earthy Malbec with cover-up oak on the nose. A high-acid palate is drying and hard, with narrow, salty berry flavors and a peppery tasting, scratchy finish.', "Grenadine and flavors of red cherry provide a brightness to this wine that is otherwise characterized by juicy texture and mild-mannered use of oak. Enjoyable and soft, it's priced well and is worth stocking up on for everyday meals. END
START HERE This is a hot, earthy Malbec with cover-up oak on the nose. A high-acid palate is drying and hard, with narrow, salty berry flavors and a peppery tasting, scratchy finish.', "Grenadine and flavors of red cherry provide a brightness to this wine that is otherwise characterized by juicy texture and mild-mannered use of oak. Enjoyable and soft, it's priced well and is worth stocking up on for everyday meals.", 'Simple and Porty, with baked berry flavors that finish sharp and astringent. END
START HERE Grenadine and flavors of red cherry provide a brightness to this wine that is otherwise characterized by juicy texture and mild-mannered use of oak. Enjoyable and soft, it's priced well and is worth stocking up on for everyday meals.", 'Simple and Porty, with baked berry flavors that finish sharp and astringent.', 'Reddish in color, with raspberry and other high-toned aromas. The palate is fleshy but clean, with good acidity pushing slightly sweet cherry and raspberry flavors. Finishes with sugar and a good mouthfeel. Gets the job done. END
START HERE Simple and Porty, with baked berry flavors that finish sharp and astringent.', 'Reddish in color, with raspberry and other high-toned aromas. The palate is fleshy but clean, with good acidity pushing slightly sweet cherry and raspberry flavors. Finishes with sugar and a good mouthfeel. Gets the job done.', 'Floral, leafy, citrusy aromas lead to a fresh, light-bodied palate. Dry, peppery red-fruit flavors finish short but clean, with textural ease. END
START HERE Reddish in color, with raspberry and other high-toned aromas. The palate is fleshy but clean, with good acidity pushing slightly sweet cherry and raspberry flavors. Finishes with sugar and a good mouthfeel. Gets the job done.', 'Floral, leafy, citrusy aromas lead to a fresh, light-bodied palate. Dry, peppery red-fruit flavors finish short but clean, with textural ease.', 'Powerful notes of tobacco leaf and curing spice lead the bouquet of this value wine, with a backbone of cassis, black cherry and plum. Medium tannins offer grip and texture to the palate, while coffee and toasted oak flavors flood the finish. END
START HERE Floral, leafy, citrusy aromas lead to a fresh, light-bodied palate. Dry, peppery red-fruit flavors finish short but clean, with textural ease.', 'Powerful notes of tobacco leaf and curing spice lead the bouquet of this value wine, with a backbone of cassis, black cherry and plum. Medium tannins offer grip and texture to the palate, while coffee and toasted oak flavors flood the finish.', 'Ripe, minty and exuberant on the front end, this has a hint of animal in addition to a note of blueberry. Saturated and simple, this has a ripe red-berry flavor that comes across as red licorice. Fruity and fun. END
START HERE Powerful notes of tobacco leaf and curing spice lead the bouquet of this value wine, with a backbone of cassis, black cherry and plum. Medium tannins offer grip and texture to the palate, while coffee and toasted oak flavors flood the finish.', 'Ripe, minty and exuberant on the front end, this has a hint of animal in addition to a note of blueberry. Saturated and simple, this has a ripe red-berry flavor that comes across as red licorice. Fruity and fun.', 'Pepi is doing a great job lately making inexpensive white wines, and with this Sauvignon Blanc, the winery really knocks it out of the park. This is bone dry, mouthwateringly tart in acidity and complex, offering flavors of green grass, gooseberry, lime, vanilla and white pepper. It should be relatively easy to find thanks to its production of 10,000 cases. END
START HERE Ripe, minty and exuberant on the front end, this has a hint of animal in addition to a note of blueberry. Saturated and simple, this has a ripe red-berry flavor that comes across as red licorice. Fruity and fun.', 'Pepi is doing a great job lately making inexpensive white wines, and with this Sauvignon Blanc, the winery really knocks it out of the park. This is bone dry, mouthwateringly tart in acidity and complex, offering flavors of green grass, gooseberry, lime, vanilla and white pepper. It should be relatively easy to find thanks to its production of 10,000 cases.', 'This has creamy flavors of vanilla, honey, lime and orange. END
START HERE Pepi is doing a great job lately making inexpensive white wines, and with this Sauvignon Blanc, the winery really knocks it out of the park. This is bone dry, mouthwateringly tart in acidity and complex, offering flavors of green grass, gooseberry, lime, vanilla and white pepper. It should be relatively easy to find thanks to its production of 10,000 cases.', 'This has creamy flavors of vanilla, honey, lime and orange.', "Light aromas of passion fruit and grapefruit are followed by tropical flavors that linger. It's an easy drinking quaffer. END
START HERE This has creamy flavors of vanilla, honey, lime and orange.', "Light aromas of passion fruit and grapefruit are followed by tropical flavors that linger. It's an easy drinking quaffer.", "Vivid plum and prune aromas and flavors define this generous and rather soft-textured wine. The fruit component is so rich it's jammy, and the tannins are very mild. The overall effect is grapy, almost sweet. END
START HERE Light aromas of passion fruit and grapefruit are followed by tropical flavors that linger. It's an easy drinking quaffer.", "Vivid plum and prune aromas and flavors define this generous and rather soft-textured wine. The fruit component is so rich it's jammy, and the tannins are very mild. The overall effect is grapy, almost sweet.", 'An almost colorless luster and oily aromas of green apple set the stage for this stony, lean SB. Briny, citric flavors are common but limited, while the finish is similar, only lighter. END
START HERE Vivid plum and prune aromas and flavors define this generous and rather soft-textured wine. The fruit component is so rich it's jammy, and the tannins are very mild. The overall effect is grapy, almost sweet.", 'An almost colorless luster and oily aromas of green apple set the stage for this stony, lean SB. Briny, citric flavors are common but limited, while the finish is similar, only lighter.', "Buttercup aromas give a sense that this wine is right on the edge. And it probably is; it's an '06 with ripe, soft, melony flavors and lots of pineapple and mango on the finish. Big and fruity now, but it's not going to last much longer. END
START HERE An almost colorless luster and oily aromas of green apple set the stage for this stony, lean SB. Briny, citric flavors are common but limited, while the finish is similar, only lighter.', "Buttercup aromas give a sense that this wine is right on the edge. And it probably is; it's an '06 with ripe, soft, melony flavors and lots of pineapple and mango on the finish. Big and fruity now, but it's not going to last much longer.", "This doesn't taste true to the grape variety, but it's a good white wine with orange peel, jasmine and tangerine aromas, fairly quiet fruit flavors and then a floral, citrus finish. Light to medium bodied, it has an appetizing texture. END
START HERE Buttercup aromas give a sense that this wine is right on the edge. And it probably is; it's an '06 with ripe, soft, melony flavors and lots of pineapple and mango on the finish. Big and fruity now, but it's not going to last much longer.", "This doesn't taste true to the grape variety, but it's a good white wine with orange peel, jasmine and tangerine aromas, fairly quiet fruit flavors and then a floral, citrus finish. Light to medium bodied, it has an appetizing texture.", 'Light aromas of herbs, woodspice, tire rubber and red fruit lead to jammy raspberry and spice flavors that provide easy drinking pleasure. END
START HERE This doesn't taste true to the grape variety, but it's a good white wine with orange peel, jasmine and tangerine aromas, fairly quiet fruit flavors and then a floral, citrus finish. Light to medium bodied, it has an appetizing texture.", 'Light aromas of herbs, woodspice, tire rubber and red fruit lead to jammy raspberry and spice flavors that provide easy drinking pleasure.', 'This is a fruity wine, full of red-berry flavors and with some smoky tannins in the background. It is balanced between the wood aging and the berry and red-cherry fruitiness. Drink from 2017. END
START HERE Light aromas of herbs, woodspice, tire rubber and red fruit lead to jammy raspberry and spice flavors that provide easy drinking pleasure.', 'This is a fruity wine, full of red-berry flavors and with some smoky tannins in the background. It is balanced between the wood aging and the berry and red-cherry fruitiness. Drink from 2017.', 'A soft-textured, rather light-bodied and fruit-forward offering, this smells and tastes like pear, apple and grape juices with a touch of sweetness and low acidity. END
START HERE This is a fruity wine, full of red-berry flavors and with some smoky tannins in the background. It is balanced between the wood aging and the berry and red-cherry fruitiness. Drink from 2017.', 'A soft-textured, rather light-bodied and fruit-forward offering, this smells and tastes like pear, apple and grape juices with a touch of sweetness and low acidity.', "Despite some cherry and blackberry fruit, this is fairly simple and dull. It's soft and sweetly spicy. END
START HERE A soft-textured, rather light-bodied and fruit-forward offering, this smells and tastes like pear, apple and grape juices with a touch of sweetness and low acidity.', "Despite some cherry and blackberry fruit, this is fairly simple and dull. It's soft and sweetly spicy.", 'Rustic and a little sweet tasting, this has flavors of cherry pie, red currant and toast. Drink it with cheeseburgers. END
START HERE Despite some cherry and blackberry fruit, this is fairly simple and dull. It's soft and sweetly spicy.", 'Rustic and a little sweet tasting, this has flavors of cherry pie, red currant and toast. Drink it with cheeseburgers.', "There's a zippy citrus note on the nose, though the underlying aroma is of cracker, or flour; the citrusy streak resurfaces on the palate and carries through to the finish. A little creaminess rounds out the nose. Quite a value for Barossa Chardonnay. END
START HERE Rustic and a little sweet tasting, this has flavors of cherry pie, red currant and toast. Drink it with cheeseburgers.', "There's a zippy citrus note on the nose, though the underlying aroma is of cracker, or flour; the citrusy streak resurfaces on the palate and carries through to the finish. A little creaminess rounds out the nose. Quite a value for Barossa Chardonnay.", 'Grapy and jammy smelling, this feels narrow and high in acid, bearing plum and tart cherry flavors that turn more sour with time. The finish is tomatoey and abrupt. END
START HERE There's a zippy citrus note on the nose, though the underlying aroma is of cracker, or flour; the citrusy streak resurfaces on the palate and carries through to the finish. A little creaminess rounds out the nose. Quite a value for Barossa Chardonnay.", 'Grapy and jammy smelling, this feels narrow and high in acid, bearing plum and tart cherry flavors that turn more sour with time. The finish is tomatoey and abrupt.', "With this wine, Callaway takes a step away from its longtime Temecula appellation and toward the increasingly well-regarded Coastal designation. The wine is a little oakier than Callaway's previous bottlings and the fruit is lean, tending toward grapefruit and green apple. It's crisp and ultraclean, and a good value. END
START HERE Grapy and jammy smelling, this feels narrow and high in acid, bearing plum and tart cherry flavors that turn more sour with time. The finish is tomatoey and abrupt.', "With this wine, Callaway takes a step away from its longtime Temecula appellation and toward the increasingly well-regarded Coastal designation. The wine is a little oakier than Callaway's previous bottlings and the fruit is lean, tending toward grapefruit and green apple. It's crisp and ultraclean, and a good value.", 'Roasted, leafy aromas greet you, followed by familiar scents of cherry and plum. The body is light to medium, with citric acidity turning the raspberry and pie cherry palate in the direction of snappy. Lithe on the finish, with a quick fade-away. END
START HERE With this wine, Callaway takes a step away from its longtime Temecula appellation and toward the increasingly well-regarded Coastal designation. The wine is a little oakier than Callaway's previous bottlings and the fruit is lean, tending toward grapefruit and green apple. It's crisp and ultraclean, and a good value.", 'Roasted, leafy aromas greet you, followed by familiar scents of cherry and plum. The body is light to medium, with citric acidity turning the raspberry and pie cherry palate in the direction of snappy. Lithe on the finish, with a quick fade-away.', 'This is an uninteresting wine, dry and acidic, with watered-down raspberry flavors. END
START HERE Roasted, leafy aromas greet you, followed by familiar scents of cherry and plum. The body is light to medium, with citric acidity turning the raspberry and pie cherry palate in the direction of snappy. Lithe on the finish, with a quick fade-away.', 'This is an uninteresting wine, dry and acidic, with watered-down raspberry flavors.', 'A light, sophisticated nose of white flowers and citrus is followed by balanced fresh fruit and acid. The wine has a light touch but impresses with its elegant overall character. Pair with grilled fish or salads. A wine with poise and class. END
START HERE This is an uninteresting wine, dry and acidic, with watered-down raspberry flavors.', 'A light, sophisticated nose of white flowers and citrus is followed by balanced fresh fruit and acid. The wine has a light touch but impresses with its elegant overall character. Pair with grilled fish or salads. A wine with poise and class.', 'This is a crisp, spicy wine with a touch of pepper as well as fruit. It is lively, bright, touched by both acidity and red currants. Drink now. END
START HERE A light, sophisticated nose of white flowers and citrus is followed by balanced fresh fruit and acid. The wine has a light touch but impresses with its elegant overall character. Pair with grilled fish or salads. A wine with poise and class.', 'This is a crisp, spicy wine with a touch of pepper as well as fruit. It is lively, bright, touched by both acidity and red currants. Drink now.', 'Scratchy berry and cassis aromas are earthy but perfectly presentable. This feels full and chewy on the palate, with firm tannins. Flavors of plum and berry come with dried spice notes and raw oak, while the finish is spicy, dry and mildly herbal. END
START HERE This is a crisp, spicy wine with a touch of pepper as well as fruit. It is lively, bright, touched by both acidity and red currants. Drink now.', 'Scratchy berry and cassis aromas are earthy but perfectly presentable. This feels full and chewy on the palate, with firm tannins. Flavors of plum and berry come with dried spice notes and raw oak, while the finish is spicy, dry and mildly herbal.', "This is a late release, but it's in good shape. The nose is earthy and dense, with just a nip of wet fur and forest floor. The palate is all about sweet berries and ripeness, while the finish is warm and lengthy. It's solid and without any obvious flaws even if it doesn't thump its chest and overwhelm you. END
START HERE Scratchy berry and cassis aromas are earthy but perfectly presentable. This feels full and chewy on the palate, with firm tannins. Flavors of plum and berry come with dried spice notes and raw oak, while the finish is spicy, dry and mildly herbal.', "This is a late release, but it's in good shape. The nose is earthy and dense, with just a nip of wet fur and forest floor. The palate is all about sweet berries and ripeness, while the finish is warm and lengthy. It's solid and without any obvious flaws even if it doesn't thump its chest and overwhelm you.", 'Citrus and match-stick aromas are basic. This feels plump and a bit low on energy. Generic flavors of melon with peppery green notes finish with low acidity. END
START HERE This is a late release, but it's in good shape. The nose is earthy and dense, with just a nip of wet fur and forest floor. The palate is all about sweet berries and ripeness, while the finish is warm and lengthy. It's solid and without any obvious flaws even if it doesn't thump its chest and overwhelm you.", 'Citrus and match-stick aromas are basic. This feels plump and a bit low on energy. Generic flavors of melon with peppery green notes finish with low acidity.', "Made of 50% Sangiovese, 20% Merlot, 10% Cabernet and 10% Syrah, this opens with aromas of violet, red berry and a whiff of espresso. On the easy-drinking palate, a note of white pepper accents a core of juicy black cherry. It's balanced with fresh acidity and polished tannins. Enjoy soon. END
START HERE Citrus and match-stick aromas are basic. This feels plump and a bit low on energy. Generic flavors of melon with peppery green notes finish with low acidity.', "Made of 50% Sangiovese, 20% Merlot, 10% Cabernet and 10% Syrah, this opens with aromas of violet, red berry and a whiff of espresso. On the easy-drinking palate, a note of white pepper accents a core of juicy black cherry. It's balanced with fresh acidity and polished tannins. Enjoy soon.", 'As delicate as water, with faint hints of citrus fruits and buttered toast. END
START HERE Made of 50% Sangiovese, 20% Merlot, 10% Cabernet and 10% Syrah, this opens with aromas of violet, red berry and a whiff of espresso. On the easy-drinking palate, a note of white pepper accents a core of juicy black cherry. It's balanced with fresh acidity and polished tannins. Enjoy soon.", 'As delicate as water, with faint hints of citrus fruits and buttered toast.', "Reserved aromas of kiwi and banana lead to dry lightly styled grapefruit flavors. The concentration doesn't seem all there. END
START HERE As delicate as water, with faint hints of citrus fruits and buttered toast.', "Reserved aromas of kiwi and banana lead to dry lightly styled grapefruit flavors. The concentration doesn't seem all there.", "Fairly tannic, this Merlot has some ripe, even sweet, cherry fruit. It's done in a light style, but it feels and tastes ripe, which means the winemaker knew what he was doing. A lovely effort that takes full advantage of the character of the region's fruit. —P.G. END
START HERE Reserved aromas of kiwi and banana lead to dry lightly styled grapefruit flavors. The concentration doesn't seem all there.", "Fairly tannic, this Merlot has some ripe, even sweet, cherry fruit. It's done in a light style, but it feels and tastes ripe, which means the winemaker knew what he was doing. A lovely effort that takes full advantage of the character of the region's fruit. —P.G.", 'A little generic, but overall this is a nice, simple, easy-to-like Cab with clean aromas and good structure and flavors. The nose is snappy, while the palate is driven by cherry, raspberry and plum flavors. Lasting and lively on the finish, with a modicum of complexity. END
START HERE Fairly tannic, this Merlot has some ripe, even sweet, cherry fruit. It's done in a light style, but it feels and tastes ripe, which means the winemaker knew what he was doing. A lovely effort that takes full advantage of the character of the region's fruit. —P.G.", 'A little generic, but overall this is a nice, simple, easy-to-like Cab with clean aromas and good structure and flavors. The nose is snappy, while the palate is driven by cherry, raspberry and plum flavors. Lasting and lively on the finish, with a modicum of complexity.', "Nicely behaved and well balanced, this gentle wine offers medium body, fresh plum flavors and a texture that's smooth and lightly tannic. The color is relatively deep and aromas are fruity, with a touch of earth. END
START HERE A little generic, but overall this is a nice, simple, easy-to-like Cab with clean aromas and good structure and flavors. The nose is snappy, while the palate is driven by cherry, raspberry and plum flavors. Lasting and lively on the finish, with a modicum of complexity.', "Nicely behaved and well balanced, this gentle wine offers medium body, fresh plum flavors and a texture that's smooth and lightly tannic. The color is relatively deep and aromas are fruity, with a touch of earth.", 'Sharp berry and cherry aromas are like nail polish. A hard palate offers zero give, while plum and cherry flavors are tart before turning more sour and medicinal on the finish. END
START HERE Nicely behaved and well balanced, this gentle wine offers medium body, fresh plum flavors and a texture that's smooth and lightly tannic. The color is relatively deep and aromas are fruity, with a touch of earth.", 'Sharp berry and cherry aromas are like nail polish. A hard palate offers zero give, while plum and cherry flavors are tart before turning more sour and medicinal on the finish.', "Jammy, gritty berry aromas set up a rubbery, full-force palate that doesn't tread lightly. Roasted, almost burnt black-fruit flavors finish firm. Overall, this feels right, while the flavors run a touch baked, rustic and stalky. END
START HERE Sharp berry and cherry aromas are like nail polish. A hard palate offers zero give, while plum and cherry flavors are tart before turning more sour and medicinal on the finish.', "Jammy, gritty berry aromas set up a rubbery, full-force palate that doesn't tread lightly. Roasted, almost burnt black-fruit flavors finish firm. Overall, this feels right, while the flavors run a touch baked, rustic and stalky.", 'Calling a wine romantic is perhaps a new approach for Bordeaux. The wine itself is ripe and jammy, with wood tannins that will be softer in a year. Drink from 2016. END
START HERE Jammy, gritty berry aromas set up a rubbery, full-force palate that doesn't tread lightly. Roasted, almost burnt black-fruit flavors finish firm. Overall, this feels right, while the flavors run a touch baked, rustic and stalky.", 'Calling a wine romantic is perhaps a new approach for Bordeaux. The wine itself is ripe and jammy, with wood tannins that will be softer in a year. Drink from 2016.', "The earthy and leafy aromas are akin to Chilean Merlot. The plum flavors are attractive but there's also an indistinct berry/tomato taste that lowers the bar. A smooth, round, carefree wine better geared to casual parties than contemplative sipping. END
START HERE Calling a wine romantic is perhaps a new approach for Bordeaux. The wine itself is ripe and jammy, with wood tannins that will be softer in a year. Drink from 2016.', "The earthy and leafy aromas are akin to Chilean Merlot. The plum flavors are attractive but there's also an indistinct berry/tomato taste that lowers the bar. A smooth, round, carefree wine better geared to casual parties than contemplative sipping.", 'This 60% Merlot and 40% Cabernet Franc blend is very fruity and fresh, balancing dry tannins and attractive red fruit flavors. It is light, still tight with its structure. Drink from 2016. END
START HERE The earthy and leafy aromas are akin to Chilean Merlot. The plum flavors are attractive but there's also an indistinct berry/tomato taste that lowers the bar. A smooth, round, carefree wine better geared to casual parties than contemplative sipping.", 'This 60% Merlot and 40% Cabernet Franc blend is very fruity and fresh, balancing dry tannins and attractive red fruit flavors. It is light, still tight with its structure. Drink from 2016.', 'A good buy in a dry, full-bodied red wine. Clean and balanced, with jammy flavors of plums, earth and blackberry, it has well-etched and accessible tannins, a rich mouthfeel, and a spicy finish. Value. END
START HERE This 60% Merlot and 40% Cabernet Franc blend is very fruity and fresh, balancing dry tannins and attractive red fruit flavors. It is light, still tight with its structure. Drink from 2016.', 'A good buy in a dry, full-bodied red wine. Clean and balanced, with jammy flavors of plums, earth and blackberry, it has well-etched and accessible tannins, a rich mouthfeel, and a spicy finish. Value.', 'This ripe, full-bodied rosé is made from 100% rich, perfumed Touriga Nacional. Good balance between ripe strawberry fruits and the crisp acidity make it both fruity and warm. Drink now. END
START HERE A good buy in a dry, full-bodied red wine. Clean and balanced, with jammy flavors of plums, earth and blackberry, it has well-etched and accessible tannins, a rich mouthfeel, and a spicy finish. Value.', 'This ripe, full-bodied rosé is made from 100% rich, perfumed Touriga Nacional. Good balance between ripe strawberry fruits and the crisp acidity make it both fruity and warm. Drink now.', 'Lean and racy, with limes and tart green apples playing major roles. If not for a dollop of sugar, it might seem a bit sour, but as it is it comes across as pleasantly tart and properly acidic. END
START HERE This ripe, full-bodied rosé is made from 100% rich, perfumed Touriga Nacional. Good balance between ripe strawberry fruits and the crisp acidity make it both fruity and warm. Drink now.', 'Lean and racy, with limes and tart green apples playing major roles. If not for a dollop of sugar, it might seem a bit sour, but as it is it comes across as pleasantly tart and properly acidic.', 'Lime and passion fruit aromas are subtle and appealing. This delivers a fresh, alert palate and crisp, lightly brined flavors of lettuce, apple and cucumber. On the finish, it runs peppery but not overly aggressive. END
START HERE Lean and racy, with limes and tart green apples playing major roles. If not for a dollop of sugar, it might seem a bit sour, but as it is it comes across as pleasantly tart and properly acidic.', 'Lime and passion fruit aromas are subtle and appealing. This delivers a fresh, alert palate and crisp, lightly brined flavors of lettuce, apple and cucumber. On the finish, it runs peppery but not overly aggressive.', "Red in color, with sweet aromas of sugar beet, Red Delicious apple and cherry. It feels zesty, with simple flavors of red fruit and red apple. The finish is dry and a touch peppery. Drink immediately while it's fresh. END
START HERE Lime and passion fruit aromas are subtle and appealing. This delivers a fresh, alert palate and crisp, lightly brined flavors of lettuce, apple and cucumber. On the finish, it runs peppery but not overly aggressive.', "Red in color, with sweet aromas of sugar beet, Red Delicious apple and cherry. It feels zesty, with simple flavors of red fruit and red apple. The finish is dry and a touch peppery. Drink immediately while it's fresh.", "Based in Burgundy, this producer understands Chardonnay. That's why this wine is so finely balanced, with a ripe and perfumed character and a warm, full aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE Red in color, with sweet aromas of sugar beet, Red Delicious apple and cherry. It feels zesty, with simple flavors of red fruit and red apple. The finish is dry and a touch peppery. Drink immediately while it's fresh.", "Based in Burgundy, this producer understands Chardonnay. That's why this wine is so finely balanced, with a ripe and perfumed character and a warm, full aftertaste. Drink now.", 'This is tightly crisp, with plenty of acidity to give it a mouthwatering character. It is balanced, with orange and caramel flavors. Great with food. Screwcap. END
START HERE Based in Burgundy, this producer understands Chardonnay. That's why this wine is so finely balanced, with a ripe and perfumed character and a warm, full aftertaste. Drink now.", 'This is tightly crisp, with plenty of acidity to give it a mouthwatering character. It is balanced, with orange and caramel flavors. Great with food. Screwcap.', 'Clean and crisp, the main aromas and flavors are green apples and spice. A forward, consumer-friendly, simple Chardonnay. END
START HERE This is tightly crisp, with plenty of acidity to give it a mouthwatering character. It is balanced, with orange and caramel flavors. Great with food. Screwcap.', 'Clean and crisp, the main aromas and flavors are green apples and spice. A forward, consumer-friendly, simple Chardonnay.', "Here's a softly fruity wine marked by aromas and flavors of grass, melon, grapefruit, tangerine, and fig. It's fairly dry, although it seems like there's a touch of residual sugar-not very much, just enough to round it out. It's a little one-dimensional, but pleasant. END
START HERE Clean and crisp, the main aromas and flavors are green apples and spice. A forward, consumer-friendly, simple Chardonnay.', "Here's a softly fruity wine marked by aromas and flavors of grass, melon, grapefruit, tangerine, and fig. It's fairly dry, although it seems like there's a touch of residual sugar-not very much, just enough to round it out. It's a little one-dimensional, but pleasant.", 'Apple aromas are standard, clean and direct. This everyday Chardonnay feels plump, with modest acidic boost. Peach, melon and mild salty flavors finish solid, with no added complexity. END
START HERE Here's a softly fruity wine marked by aromas and flavors of grass, melon, grapefruit, tangerine, and fig. It's fairly dry, although it seems like there's a touch of residual sugar-not very much, just enough to round it out. It's a little one-dimensional, but pleasant.", 'Apple aromas are standard, clean and direct. This everyday Chardonnay feels plump, with modest acidic boost. Peach, melon and mild salty flavors finish solid, with no added complexity.', 'This delivers great Pinot-like character for its price tier. Give it credit for the dry silkiness, clean acidity and vibrant cherry, cola and oak flavors. END
START HERE Apple aromas are standard, clean and direct. This everyday Chardonnay feels plump, with modest acidic boost. Peach, melon and mild salty flavors finish solid, with no added complexity.', 'This delivers great Pinot-like character for its price tier. Give it credit for the dry silkiness, clean acidity and vibrant cherry, cola and oak flavors.', "A simple, medium-bodied Chardonnay that emphasizes the variety's fruity characteristics. Apple, pineapple and citrus pick up a hint of peppery or clove-like spice on the finish. END
START HERE This delivers great Pinot-like character for its price tier. Give it credit for the dry silkiness, clean acidity and vibrant cherry, cola and oak flavors.', "A simple, medium-bodied Chardonnay that emphasizes the variety's fruity characteristics. Apple, pineapple and citrus pick up a hint of peppery or clove-like spice on the finish.", 'Round, ripe and pure, with olive, blackberry and a dusting of herbs. For the money this is a satisfying Cabernet with a firm but solid mouthfeel and flavors of cola, berry syrup and cassis. Creamy and semisweet on the finish, but not cloying or candied. Well made and a good value. END
START HERE A simple, medium-bodied Chardonnay that emphasizes the variety's fruity characteristics. Apple, pineapple and citrus pick up a hint of peppery or clove-like spice on the finish.", 'Round, ripe and pure, with olive, blackberry and a dusting of herbs. For the money this is a satisfying Cabernet with a firm but solid mouthfeel and flavors of cola, berry syrup and cassis. Creamy and semisweet on the finish, but not cloying or candied. Well made and a good value.', "Goes down so easy; if you can't get away to Cancun for vacation, this is the next best thing. This is a tropical Chardonnay if ever there was one, with pineapple and melon notes on the palate, and with pineapple and coconut on the nose. Finishes dry, with some citrus peel. END
START HERE Round, ripe and pure, with olive, blackberry and a dusting of herbs. For the money this is a satisfying Cabernet with a firm but solid mouthfeel and flavors of cola, berry syrup and cassis. Creamy and semisweet on the finish, but not cloying or candied. Well made and a good value.', "Goes down so easy; if you can't get away to Cancun for vacation, this is the next best thing. This is a tropical Chardonnay if ever there was one, with pineapple and melon notes on the palate, and with pineapple and coconut on the nose. Finishes dry, with some citrus peel.", "Almost tan in color, with neutral aromas and a dull, almondy flavor profile. Round and smooth. but all in all it's boring and fading fast. END
START HERE Goes down so easy; if you can't get away to Cancun for vacation, this is the next best thing. This is a tropical Chardonnay if ever there was one, with pineapple and melon notes on the palate, and with pineapple and coconut on the nose. Finishes dry, with some citrus peel.", "Almost tan in color, with neutral aromas and a dull, almondy flavor profile. Round and smooth. but all in all it's boring and fading fast.", "This wine has the weight and silkiness of a Pinot Noir, but it has Merlot's cherry, currant and anise flavors. END
START HERE Almost tan in color, with neutral aromas and a dull, almondy flavor profile. Round and smooth. but all in all it's boring and fading fast.", "This wine has the weight and silkiness of a Pinot Noir, but it has Merlot's cherry, currant and anise flavors.", 'Chunky aromas of apple and citrus are regular and mellow. Has a more fleshy feel than many Chilean SBs, with apple and grapefruit flavors in front of a round, pithy, mildly bitter finish. Just juicy enough; contains 15% Carmenère for added body. END
START HERE This wine has the weight and silkiness of a Pinot Noir, but it has Merlot's cherry, currant and anise flavors.", 'Chunky aromas of apple and citrus are regular and mellow. Has a more fleshy feel than many Chilean SBs, with apple and grapefruit flavors in front of a round, pithy, mildly bitter finish. Just juicy enough; contains 15% Carmenère for added body.', 'Slightly floral on the nose, with some pear and nectarine as well, this light-bodied wine blends sweet stone-fruit flavors with tart green apples on the palate, giving it a degree of balance. END
START HERE Chunky aromas of apple and citrus are regular and mellow. Has a more fleshy feel than many Chilean SBs, with apple and grapefruit flavors in front of a round, pithy, mildly bitter finish. Just juicy enough; contains 15% Carmenère for added body.', 'Slightly floral on the nose, with some pear and nectarine as well, this light-bodied wine blends sweet stone-fruit flavors with tart green apples on the palate, giving it a degree of balance.', 'Briary, spicy, mildly herbal berry aromas give way to a full, bold, wiry feeling palate with pointed acidity. Herbal, lightly green flavors of tobacco and plum finish crisp. END
START HERE Slightly floral on the nose, with some pear and nectarine as well, this light-bodied wine blends sweet stone-fruit flavors with tart green apples on the palate, giving it a degree of balance.', 'Briary, spicy, mildly herbal berry aromas give way to a full, bold, wiry feeling palate with pointed acidity. Herbal, lightly green flavors of tobacco and plum finish crisp.', "This is a very dry Cab whose blackberry flavors have nuances of green olives and smoky oak. Notable for its balance, it's a nice, inexpensive red wine to have with fancy meals. END
START HERE Briary, spicy, mildly herbal berry aromas give way to a full, bold, wiry feeling palate with pointed acidity. Herbal, lightly green flavors of tobacco and plum finish crisp.', "This is a very dry Cab whose blackberry flavors have nuances of green olives and smoky oak. Notable for its balance, it's a nice, inexpensive red wine to have with fancy meals.", "A lovely wine, teetering on the edge of sweetness. The pretty apple, apricot, and honeysuckle flavors have a crisp, steely edge of acidity, and there's a rich streak of mineral and diesel that adds complexity. END
START HERE This is a very dry Cab whose blackberry flavors have nuances of green olives and smoky oak. Notable for its balance, it's a nice, inexpensive red wine to have with fancy meals.", "A lovely wine, teetering on the edge of sweetness. The pretty apple, apricot, and honeysuckle flavors have a crisp, steely edge of acidity, and there's a rich streak of mineral and diesel that adds complexity.", 'This medium-bodied Chardonnay offers tangerine and melon flavors, subtle leesy and oaky notes and a plump, succulent mouthfeel. Yes, it fades quickly on the finish, but this a wine to quaff, not age. Drink now. END
START HERE A lovely wine, teetering on the edge of sweetness. The pretty apple, apricot, and honeysuckle flavors have a crisp, steely edge of acidity, and there's a rich streak of mineral and diesel that adds complexity.", 'This medium-bodied Chardonnay offers tangerine and melon flavors, subtle leesy and oaky notes and a plump, succulent mouthfeel. Yes, it fades quickly on the finish, but this a wine to quaff, not age. Drink now.', "For an affordable, everyday red, this is a pretty good investment. It's dry and full-bodied, with berry, earth, mocha and spice flavors. END
START HERE This medium-bodied Chardonnay offers tangerine and melon flavors, subtle leesy and oaky notes and a plump, succulent mouthfeel. Yes, it fades quickly on the finish, but this a wine to quaff, not age. Drink now.', "For an affordable, everyday red, this is a pretty good investment. It's dry and full-bodied, with berry, earth, mocha and spice flavors.", 'This fresh, crisp wine has a light salmon-pink color. It bursts with attractive red and citrus fruits to give a bright character plus tight acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE For an affordable, everyday red, this is a pretty good investment. It's dry and full-bodied, with berry, earth, mocha and spice flavors.", 'This fresh, crisp wine has a light salmon-pink color. It bursts with attractive red and citrus fruits to give a bright character plus tight acidity. Drink now.', 'Fresh apple, peach and generous flavors of vanilla and coconut rest on a pillowy texture. The wine is fruity and light, without noticeable acidity. END
START HERE This fresh, crisp wine has a light salmon-pink color. It bursts with attractive red and citrus fruits to give a bright character plus tight acidity. Drink now.', 'Fresh apple, peach and generous flavors of vanilla and coconut rest on a pillowy texture. The wine is fruity and light, without noticeable acidity.', "Although it's standard in many ways, sometimes regularity done right works. In this case, the wine brings tropical aromas along with saline and green herbs. In the mouth, it's fresh and briney, with tropical fruit, citrus and green notes. Tangy and pure; nice for the price. END
START HERE Fresh apple, peach and generous flavors of vanilla and coconut rest on a pillowy texture. The wine is fruity and light, without noticeable acidity.', "Although it's standard in many ways, sometimes regularity done right works. In this case, the wine brings tropical aromas along with saline and green herbs. In the mouth, it's fresh and briney, with tropical fruit, citrus and green notes. Tangy and pure; nice for the price.", 'The fresh berry aromas are solid, and the palate is plucky and lively, with plenty of acidity to push the ripe, standard Malbec flavors of blackberry and spice. It shows some tartaric crispness and bite on the finish, but tastes right. END
START HERE Although it's standard in many ways, sometimes regularity done right works. In this case, the wine brings tropical aromas along with saline and green herbs. In the mouth, it's fresh and briney, with tropical fruit, citrus and green notes. Tangy and pure; nice for the price.", 'The fresh berry aromas are solid, and the palate is plucky and lively, with plenty of acidity to push the ripe, standard Malbec flavors of blackberry and spice. It shows some tartaric crispness and bite on the finish, but tastes right.', 'More than three-quarters Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah, the balance is Merlot and Cabernet Franc, with just pinches of Sangiovese (2%) and Zinfandel (1%), it plays on the savory and green end of the Cabernet spectrum, with notes of green olive and dried herbs along with cherry and chocolate and a tingly, gritty feel. END
START HERE The fresh berry aromas are solid, and the palate is plucky and lively, with plenty of acidity to push the ripe, standard Malbec flavors of blackberry and spice. It shows some tartaric crispness and bite on the finish, but tastes right.', 'More than three-quarters Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah, the balance is Merlot and Cabernet Franc, with just pinches of Sangiovese (2%) and Zinfandel (1%), it plays on the savory and green end of the Cabernet spectrum, with notes of green olive and dried herbs along with cherry and chocolate and a tingly, gritty feel.', 'This wine is dry and smoky, with serious tannins. It is concentrated, with bitter chocolate flavors from the wood aging. END
START HERE More than three-quarters Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah, the balance is Merlot and Cabernet Franc, with just pinches of Sangiovese (2%) and Zinfandel (1%), it plays on the savory and green end of the Cabernet spectrum, with notes of green olive and dried herbs along with cherry and chocolate and a tingly, gritty feel.', 'This wine is dry and smoky, with serious tannins. It is concentrated, with bitter chocolate flavors from the wood aging.', "This red blend offers a nose of spiced wood, tobacco and pepper, and on the palate, light, simple flavors of red fruit and cigar box. There's a lot of oak here, venturing into a maple syrup character, and overall, the wine is a bit clunky, but it's reasonably priced and from a unique location, giving it a fun spin. END
START HERE This wine is dry and smoky, with serious tannins. It is concentrated, with bitter chocolate flavors from the wood aging.', "This red blend offers a nose of spiced wood, tobacco and pepper, and on the palate, light, simple flavors of red fruit and cigar box. There's a lot of oak here, venturing into a maple syrup character, and overall, the wine is a bit clunky, but it's reasonably priced and from a unique location, giving it a fun spin.", 'Apple and peach aromas are dusty and lightly tropical. With no oak, fruit is all you get in this Chardonnay; flavors of apple, nectarine and melon run clean, sweet and ripe, while the finish is mellow and lands smack in the middle of the fairway. END
START HERE This red blend offers a nose of spiced wood, tobacco and pepper, and on the palate, light, simple flavors of red fruit and cigar box. There's a lot of oak here, venturing into a maple syrup character, and overall, the wine is a bit clunky, but it's reasonably priced and from a unique location, giving it a fun spin.", 'Apple and peach aromas are dusty and lightly tropical. With no oak, fruit is all you get in this Chardonnay; flavors of apple, nectarine and melon run clean, sweet and ripe, while the finish is mellow and lands smack in the middle of the fairway.', 'Simple earthy notes interspersed with faint cherry aromas open this pleasant, good-value Pinot Noir from the south of France. The blueberry-flavored palate shows riper fruit than is typical for Burgundy and may appeal to those who find California Pinots to be a bit overwhelming. Tannins are in abundance here but are fine enough not to interfere with tuna or swordfish in a delicate sauce. END
START HERE Apple and peach aromas are dusty and lightly tropical. With no oak, fruit is all you get in this Chardonnay; flavors of apple, nectarine and melon run clean, sweet and ripe, while the finish is mellow and lands smack in the middle of the fairway.', 'Simple earthy notes interspersed with faint cherry aromas open this pleasant, good-value Pinot Noir from the south of France. The blueberry-flavored palate shows riper fruit than is typical for Burgundy and may appeal to those who find California Pinots to be a bit overwhelming. Tannins are in abundance here but are fine enough not to interfere with tuna or swordfish in a delicate sauce.', 'Simple white-fruit aromas of apple and pear are as good as it gets. Feels slightly wan, with apple and green-herb flavors, finishing a bit bland. END
START HERE Simple earthy notes interspersed with faint cherry aromas open this pleasant, good-value Pinot Noir from the south of France. The blueberry-flavored palate shows riper fruit than is typical for Burgundy and may appeal to those who find California Pinots to be a bit overwhelming. Tannins are in abundance here but are fine enough not to interfere with tuna or swordfish in a delicate sauce.', 'Simple white-fruit aromas of apple and pear are as good as it gets. Feels slightly wan, with apple and green-herb flavors, finishing a bit bland.', 'Earthy berry and cola aromas are clean and ripe. This feels fresh on the tongue, with medium-level weight and power. Flavors run toward cassis and berry but fade quickly, with little to the finish. This is Garnacha with 25% Tempranillo. END
START HERE Simple white-fruit aromas of apple and pear are as good as it gets. Feels slightly wan, with apple and green-herb flavors, finishing a bit bland.', 'Earthy berry and cola aromas are clean and ripe. This feels fresh on the tongue, with medium-level weight and power. Flavors run toward cassis and berry but fade quickly, with little to the finish. This is Garnacha with 25% Tempranillo.', 'This is tropical on the nose, with light pear and banana aromas. It feels crisp and shearing, with mildly bitter flavors of citrus and scallion. Additional bitterness marks the finish. END
START HERE Earthy berry and cola aromas are clean and ripe. This feels fresh on the tongue, with medium-level weight and power. Flavors run toward cassis and berry but fade quickly, with little to the finish. This is Garnacha with 25% Tempranillo.', 'This is tropical on the nose, with light pear and banana aromas. It feels crisp and shearing, with mildly bitter flavors of citrus and scallion. Additional bitterness marks the finish.', "You expected fruity, flowery flavors? A little sweetness? Then go someplace else. This wine is one of the driest of the year, and offers no relief at all from alcohol and other winey compounds. If there's a single, solitary flavor, it's watered down lemon juice. But it might be pretty good with clams on the half shell. —S.H. END
START HERE This is tropical on the nose, with light pear and banana aromas. It feels crisp and shearing, with mildly bitter flavors of citrus and scallion. Additional bitterness marks the finish.', "You expected fruity, flowery flavors? A little sweetness? Then go someplace else. This wine is one of the driest of the year, and offers no relief at all from alcohol and other winey compounds. If there's a single, solitary flavor, it's watered down lemon juice. But it might be pretty good with clams on the half shell. —S.H.", "A traditional blend of Grenache, Syrah and Mourvèdre, this medium-bodied rosé offers delicate floral aromas as well as some slightly confected bubble-gum scents. It's less overtly fruity on the palate, then finishes with a welcome burst of lime zest. END
START HERE You expected fruity, flowery flavors? A little sweetness? Then go someplace else. This wine is one of the driest of the year, and offers no relief at all from alcohol and other winey compounds. If there's a single, solitary flavor, it's watered down lemon juice. But it might be pretty good with clams on the half shell. —S.H.", "A traditional blend of Grenache, Syrah and Mourvèdre, this medium-bodied rosé offers delicate floral aromas as well as some slightly confected bubble-gum scents. It's less overtly fruity on the palate, then finishes with a welcome burst of lime zest.", "Regrettably, this has no sweetness scale on the back label, but the 11.5% alcohol suggests that it is off-dry, as it certainly tastes. It's a heavy, honey-soaked style, perhaps due to grapes that were affected by botrytis. Apple juice and honey flavors are right in the heart of this wine, which would pair well with a simple dessert of fresh fruit. END
START HERE A traditional blend of Grenache, Syrah and Mourvèdre, this medium-bodied rosé offers delicate floral aromas as well as some slightly confected bubble-gum scents. It's less overtly fruity on the palate, then finishes with a welcome burst of lime zest.", "Regrettably, this has no sweetness scale on the back label, but the 11.5% alcohol suggests that it is off-dry, as it certainly tastes. It's a heavy, honey-soaked style, perhaps due to grapes that were affected by botrytis. Apple juice and honey flavors are right in the heart of this wine, which would pair well with a simple dessert of fresh fruit.", 'Soft and syrupy, with semisweet flavors of berries and anise. END
START HERE Regrettably, this has no sweetness scale on the back label, but the 11.5% alcohol suggests that it is off-dry, as it certainly tastes. It's a heavy, honey-soaked style, perhaps due to grapes that were affected by botrytis. Apple juice and honey flavors are right in the heart of this wine, which would pair well with a simple dessert of fresh fruit.", 'Soft and syrupy, with semisweet flavors of berries and anise.', "It's rich in mango, peach, vanilla, buttered toast and brown sugar flavors, with a clean, tart mouthfeel. END
START HERE Soft and syrupy, with semisweet flavors of berries and anise.', "It's rich in mango, peach, vanilla, buttered toast and brown sugar flavors, with a clean, tart mouthfeel.", "Despite the cutesy name, this is a serious rosé that's sure to please even the most discerning crowd. A blend of Syrah, Grenache, Gamay and Mourvèdre, it's ripe and red fruit-forward with a full weight, lush mouth that's balanced with medium acidity. END
START HERE It's rich in mango, peach, vanilla, buttered toast and brown sugar flavors, with a clean, tart mouthfeel.", "Despite the cutesy name, this is a serious rosé that's sure to please even the most discerning crowd. A blend of Syrah, Grenache, Gamay and Mourvèdre, it's ripe and red fruit-forward with a full weight, lush mouth that's balanced with medium acidity.", 'This opens with aromas of black cherry, chocolate, prune and blackberry jam. Freshness and subtle softness picks up on the rear of the wine. END
START HERE Despite the cutesy name, this is a serious rosé that's sure to please even the most discerning crowd. A blend of Syrah, Grenache, Gamay and Mourvèdre, it's ripe and red fruit-forward with a full weight, lush mouth that's balanced with medium acidity.", 'This opens with aromas of black cherry, chocolate, prune and blackberry jam. Freshness and subtle softness picks up on the rear of the wine.', 'Oodles of blackberry and ripe grape flavors characterize this smoothly textured, well-balanced red blend. Firm elements of tannin and acidity support the ripeness, and the wine tastes fresh and mouth-watering. This will be great with meat, pasta and cheese. END
START HERE This opens with aromas of black cherry, chocolate, prune and blackberry jam. Freshness and subtle softness picks up on the rear of the wine.', 'Oodles of blackberry and ripe grape flavors characterize this smoothly textured, well-balanced red blend. Firm elements of tannin and acidity support the ripeness, and the wine tastes fresh and mouth-watering. This will be great with meat, pasta and cheese.', 'Slightly sharp and brambly on the nose, with muddled fruit aromas. The palate is both lactic and snappy, with spiky acidity mixed with buttery, creamy notes. Finishes kind of pasty, with bite and grab. Even at $10 this Maule Valley Pinot struggles with the pleasure factor. END
START HERE Oodles of blackberry and ripe grape flavors characterize this smoothly textured, well-balanced red blend. Firm elements of tannin and acidity support the ripeness, and the wine tastes fresh and mouth-watering. This will be great with meat, pasta and cheese.', 'Slightly sharp and brambly on the nose, with muddled fruit aromas. The palate is both lactic and snappy, with spiky acidity mixed with buttery, creamy notes. Finishes kind of pasty, with bite and grab. Even at $10 this Maule Valley Pinot struggles with the pleasure factor.', 'Vanilla and white fruits on the nose lead this fuller bodied organic Chard. On the palate, a spicy, robust style of white unfolds, making it ideal for everything from salmon to creamy poultry dishes. Nice spicy finish. END
START HERE Slightly sharp and brambly on the nose, with muddled fruit aromas. The palate is both lactic and snappy, with spiky acidity mixed with buttery, creamy notes. Finishes kind of pasty, with bite and grab. Even at $10 this Maule Valley Pinot struggles with the pleasure factor.', 'Vanilla and white fruits on the nose lead this fuller bodied organic Chard. On the palate, a spicy, robust style of white unfolds, making it ideal for everything from salmon to creamy poultry dishes. Nice spicy finish.', 'Open-knit aromas of apple, pear, green melon and mineral are perfectly good, while the palate is high in acid and kick. Flavors of grapefruit, generic citrus and grass are solid, as is the finish, which keeps its line. A snappy, alert, easygoing wine. END
START HERE Vanilla and white fruits on the nose lead this fuller bodied organic Chard. On the palate, a spicy, robust style of white unfolds, making it ideal for everything from salmon to creamy poultry dishes. Nice spicy finish.', 'Open-knit aromas of apple, pear, green melon and mineral are perfectly good, while the palate is high in acid and kick. Flavors of grapefruit, generic citrus and grass are solid, as is the finish, which keeps its line. A snappy, alert, easygoing wine.', "Herbal and dill infuse the light flavors, and the tannins feel as if they've been softened up in the winemaking process. The wine does a quick fade. END
START HERE Open-knit aromas of apple, pear, green melon and mineral are perfectly good, while the palate is high in acid and kick. Flavors of grapefruit, generic citrus and grass are solid, as is the finish, which keeps its line. A snappy, alert, easygoing wine.', "Herbal and dill infuse the light flavors, and the tannins feel as if they've been softened up in the winemaking process. The wine does a quick fade.", 'An excellent selection for the price, but this is not a wine for those who do not enjoy the flavors of malolactic fermentation and oak aging. While the nose offers aromas of pear, peach and citrus zest accented by notes of brioche, the palate offers up more pronounced oak contributions like a tub of buttered popcorn. END
START HERE Herbal and dill infuse the light flavors, and the tannins feel as if they've been softened up in the winemaking process. The wine does a quick fade.", 'An excellent selection for the price, but this is not a wine for those who do not enjoy the flavors of malolactic fermentation and oak aging. While the nose offers aromas of pear, peach and citrus zest accented by notes of brioche, the palate offers up more pronounced oak contributions like a tub of buttered popcorn.', "Gritty and rustic, with blackberry, prune and spice flavors. It's a dry, tannic wine, for drinking with simple foods, like burritos. END
START HERE An excellent selection for the price, but this is not a wine for those who do not enjoy the flavors of malolactic fermentation and oak aging. While the nose offers aromas of pear, peach and citrus zest accented by notes of brioche, the palate offers up more pronounced oak contributions like a tub of buttered popcorn.', "Gritty and rustic, with blackberry, prune and spice flavors. It's a dry, tannic wine, for drinking with simple foods, like burritos.", "Although this smells a bit oily, gritty and pyrazinic—an indication that it's living on borrowed time—at the moment this SB is still in fairly good shape. Pithy grapefruit flavors finish plump and citrusy. Drink immediately. END
START HERE Gritty and rustic, with blackberry, prune and spice flavors. It's a dry, tannic wine, for drinking with simple foods, like burritos.", "Although this smells a bit oily, gritty and pyrazinic—an indication that it's living on borrowed time—at the moment this SB is still in fairly good shape. Pithy grapefruit flavors finish plump and citrusy. Drink immediately.", 'Stunning aromatically, with a veil of smoke and petrol that lingers over fresh, clean Honeycrisp apple aromas. Semidry in style, with a simple, slightly sugary attack, it finishes with just a tinge of green pepper in the backdrop. END
START HERE Although this smells a bit oily, gritty and pyrazinic—an indication that it's living on borrowed time—at the moment this SB is still in fairly good shape. Pithy grapefruit flavors finish plump and citrusy. Drink immediately.", 'Stunning aromatically, with a veil of smoke and petrol that lingers over fresh, clean Honeycrisp apple aromas. Semidry in style, with a simple, slightly sugary attack, it finishes with just a tinge of green pepper in the backdrop.', 'Sweet oak tones frame the black cherry and currant fruit in this wine, with notes of mocha and raspberry sauce atop. The velvety texture offers good tannic grip, while ample acidity helps to keep the palate fresh and the finish lifted. Drink now. END
START HERE Stunning aromatically, with a veil of smoke and petrol that lingers over fresh, clean Honeycrisp apple aromas. Semidry in style, with a simple, slightly sugary attack, it finishes with just a tinge of green pepper in the backdrop.', 'Sweet oak tones frame the black cherry and currant fruit in this wine, with notes of mocha and raspberry sauce atop. The velvety texture offers good tannic grip, while ample acidity helps to keep the palate fresh and the finish lifted. Drink now.', 'There are some pleasant gamy tones to the plum and cherry fruit on the nose of this wine, with decadent touches of white chocolate and peach pit. Zippy acidity picks up the palate, finishing fresh and easy. END
START HERE Sweet oak tones frame the black cherry and currant fruit in this wine, with notes of mocha and raspberry sauce atop. The velvety texture offers good tannic grip, while ample acidity helps to keep the palate fresh and the finish lifted. Drink now.', 'There are some pleasant gamy tones to the plum and cherry fruit on the nose of this wine, with decadent touches of white chocolate and peach pit. Zippy acidity picks up the palate, finishing fresh and easy.', 'Dusty aromas come with notes of ham and tropical fruits. This is more blah than focused. Tropical fruits, grapefruit and pickle brine comprise the flavors prior to a salty, slightly green finish. END
START HERE There are some pleasant gamy tones to the plum and cherry fruit on the nose of this wine, with decadent touches of white chocolate and peach pit. Zippy acidity picks up the palate, finishing fresh and easy.', 'Dusty aromas come with notes of ham and tropical fruits. This is more blah than focused. Tropical fruits, grapefruit and pickle brine comprise the flavors prior to a salty, slightly green finish.', "The aromas seem a bit muddled, with notes of jasmine and pear occasionally poking through and the alcohol showing itself. It's medium sweet (2.7% residual sugar) finishing a touch bitter. END
START HERE Dusty aromas come with notes of ham and tropical fruits. This is more blah than focused. Tropical fruits, grapefruit and pickle brine comprise the flavors prior to a salty, slightly green finish.', "The aromas seem a bit muddled, with notes of jasmine and pear occasionally poking through and the alcohol showing itself. It's medium sweet (2.7% residual sugar) finishing a touch bitter.", 'The rarely used Atlantique appellation covers much the same region as Bordeaux, with less stringent rules. This 100% Sauvignon Blanc wine is fruity, easy, soft and full of citrus flavors. Drink now. END
START HERE The aromas seem a bit muddled, with notes of jasmine and pear occasionally poking through and the alcohol showing itself. It's medium sweet (2.7% residual sugar) finishing a touch bitter.", 'The rarely used Atlantique appellation covers much the same region as Bordeaux, with less stringent rules. This 100% Sauvignon Blanc wine is fruity, easy, soft and full of citrus flavors. Drink now.', 'Bold and modern in style, this blend of Merlot and Syrah shows ripe fruit and blackberry, with soft endnotes of leather and chocolate. END
START HERE The rarely used Atlantique appellation covers much the same region as Bordeaux, with less stringent rules. This 100% Sauvignon Blanc wine is fruity, easy, soft and full of citrus flavors. Drink now.', 'Bold and modern in style, this blend of Merlot and Syrah shows ripe fruit and blackberry, with soft endnotes of leather and chocolate.', "This easy, screwcap Chardonnay from northern Italy opens with fresh lemon, honey and cut grass aromas. It's a crisp, sharp wine that would cut through cheese or creamy cracker dip. END
START HERE Bold and modern in style, this blend of Merlot and Syrah shows ripe fruit and blackberry, with soft endnotes of leather and chocolate.', "This easy, screwcap Chardonnay from northern Italy opens with fresh lemon, honey and cut grass aromas. It's a crisp, sharp wine that would cut through cheese or creamy cracker dip.", 'Apple and melon aromas are followed by medium-weight flavors. The concentration seems a bit watery in the midpalate but the variety is unmistakable and the balance is there. END
START HERE This easy, screwcap Chardonnay from northern Italy opens with fresh lemon, honey and cut grass aromas. It's a crisp, sharp wine that would cut through cheese or creamy cracker dip.", 'Apple and melon aromas are followed by medium-weight flavors. The concentration seems a bit watery in the midpalate but the variety is unmistakable and the balance is there.', "This murky Malbec has odd, horsey, berry aromas. It's rough and raw on the palate, with leafy, herbal plum flavors that finish rugged and with a dull spiciness. END
START HERE Apple and melon aromas are followed by medium-weight flavors. The concentration seems a bit watery in the midpalate but the variety is unmistakable and the balance is there.', "This murky Malbec has odd, horsey, berry aromas. It's rough and raw on the palate, with leafy, herbal plum flavors that finish rugged and with a dull spiciness.", 'Dark in color, this wine has an oaky and earthy nose, with a compost streak. It feels full and stocky, and it tastes of resiny oak and dry berry fruits. It finishes with a citrus-like juiciness. END
START HERE This murky Malbec has odd, horsey, berry aromas. It's rough and raw on the palate, with leafy, herbal plum flavors that finish rugged and with a dull spiciness.", 'Dark in color, this wine has an oaky and earthy nose, with a compost streak. It feels full and stocky, and it tastes of resiny oak and dry berry fruits. It finishes with a citrus-like juiciness.', 'Made from Grenache, this fresh and deliciously fruity wine has a soft side from its ripe berry fruits and warm acidity. Produced in Languedoc, the wine has a sunny character, full of life and lightness. END
START HERE Dark in color, this wine has an oaky and earthy nose, with a compost streak. It feels full and stocky, and it tastes of resiny oak and dry berry fruits. It finishes with a citrus-like juiciness.', 'Made from Grenache, this fresh and deliciously fruity wine has a soft side from its ripe berry fruits and warm acidity. Produced in Languedoc, the wine has a sunny character, full of life and lightness.', 'Aromas of hot pepper flakes, Chinese mustard, leather and red plum are all over the map. The palate is a bit tart and tangy for Malbec, with mid-level berry flavors and a shot of tartness. Not overly ripe or happy, but with touches of quality. END
START HERE Made from Grenache, this fresh and deliciously fruity wine has a soft side from its ripe berry fruits and warm acidity. Produced in Languedoc, the wine has a sunny character, full of life and lightness.', 'Aromas of hot pepper flakes, Chinese mustard, leather and red plum are all over the map. The palate is a bit tart and tangy for Malbec, with mid-level berry flavors and a shot of tartness. Not overly ripe or happy, but with touches of quality.', "This is a pocket-size blend of 57% Merlot, 38% Cabernet Sauvignon, 4% Petite Sirah and 1% Cabernet Franc. It's soft and drinkable, marrying red currant and cherry with softened tannins and an easy approachability. END
START HERE Aromas of hot pepper flakes, Chinese mustard, leather and red plum are all over the map. The palate is a bit tart and tangy for Malbec, with mid-level berry flavors and a shot of tartness. Not overly ripe or happy, but with touches of quality.', "This is a pocket-size blend of 57% Merlot, 38% Cabernet Sauvignon, 4% Petite Sirah and 1% Cabernet Franc. It's soft and drinkable, marrying red currant and cherry with softened tannins and an easy approachability.", 'In color, this is almost white. In flavor it is equally light. There is some attractive acidity and the soft wine will slip down easily. The aftertaste is crisp with just a touch of red currant. END
START HERE This is a pocket-size blend of 57% Merlot, 38% Cabernet Sauvignon, 4% Petite Sirah and 1% Cabernet Franc. It's soft and drinkable, marrying red currant and cherry with softened tannins and an easy approachability.", 'In color, this is almost white. In flavor it is equally light. There is some attractive acidity and the soft wine will slip down easily. The aftertaste is crisp with just a touch of red currant.', 'Offered in a 100ml travel size, with fruit sourced from both the Russian River Valley and Sonoma Valley, this is a worthy companion when pocket size is important. Light citrus and green apple show on the nose before an oaky palate of buttered toast enters the fray. END
START HERE In color, this is almost white. In flavor it is equally light. There is some attractive acidity and the soft wine will slip down easily. The aftertaste is crisp with just a touch of red currant.', 'Offered in a 100ml travel size, with fruit sourced from both the Russian River Valley and Sonoma Valley, this is a worthy companion when pocket size is important. Light citrus and green apple show on the nose before an oaky palate of buttered toast enters the fray.', 'Flat on the nose, this has a mild whiff of paint or turpentine along with touches of banana and melon. The palate is flat and chunky in feel, with clipped, pithy flavors of mealy citrus. END
START HERE Offered in a 100ml travel size, with fruit sourced from both the Russian River Valley and Sonoma Valley, this is a worthy companion when pocket size is important. Light citrus and green apple show on the nose before an oaky palate of buttered toast enters the fray.', 'Flat on the nose, this has a mild whiff of paint or turpentine along with touches of banana and melon. The palate is flat and chunky in feel, with clipped, pithy flavors of mealy citrus.', 'Musky aromas of red apple skins and stone fruits are mild but mostly clean. This Shiraz-Cabernet blend feels solid and full for rosé. Peppery, leafy flavors of spiced berry, apple and olive finish chunky, dry and slightly bitter. END
START HERE Flat on the nose, this has a mild whiff of paint or turpentine along with touches of banana and melon. The palate is flat and chunky in feel, with clipped, pithy flavors of mealy citrus.', 'Musky aromas of red apple skins and stone fruits are mild but mostly clean. This Shiraz-Cabernet blend feels solid and full for rosé. Peppery, leafy flavors of spiced berry, apple and olive finish chunky, dry and slightly bitter.', "There's a pleasant and subtle chalky texture to this refreshing white, with aromas and flavors of white peach, underripe kiwi and orange peel. The cleanly fruited palate boasts great verve and liveliness, with tart gooseberry and lime flavors that unfold on the close. Drink now. END
START HERE Musky aromas of red apple skins and stone fruits are mild but mostly clean. This Shiraz-Cabernet blend feels solid and full for rosé. Peppery, leafy flavors of spiced berry, apple and olive finish chunky, dry and slightly bitter.', "There's a pleasant and subtle chalky texture to this refreshing white, with aromas and flavors of white peach, underripe kiwi and orange peel. The cleanly fruited palate boasts great verve and liveliness, with tart gooseberry and lime flavors that unfold on the close. Drink now.", "Bright red fruit highlights this soft wine. Acidity and hint of stalky tannins give its red berry flavors a boost. It's easygoing and ready to drink. END
START HERE There's a pleasant and subtle chalky texture to this refreshing white, with aromas and flavors of white peach, underripe kiwi and orange peel. The cleanly fruited palate boasts great verve and liveliness, with tart gooseberry and lime flavors that unfold on the close. Drink now.", "Bright red fruit highlights this soft wine. Acidity and hint of stalky tannins give its red berry flavors a boost. It's easygoing and ready to drink.", 'This is wiry and exotic smelling, with strained berry aromas. It feels grabby and buttery, with dry oaky and berry flavors. END
START HERE Bright red fruit highlights this soft wine. Acidity and hint of stalky tannins give its red berry flavors a boost. It's easygoing and ready to drink.", 'This is wiry and exotic smelling, with strained berry aromas. It feels grabby and buttery, with dry oaky and berry flavors.', "Medicinal cherry and plum aromas set up a palate with clipped, hard tannins. Forced flavors of oak and carob are more obvious than the wine's plum and cassis notes. Oak dominates the creamy, charred finish. END
START HERE This is wiry and exotic smelling, with strained berry aromas. It feels grabby and buttery, with dry oaky and berry flavors.', "Medicinal cherry and plum aromas set up a palate with clipped, hard tannins. Forced flavors of oak and carob are more obvious than the wine's plum and cassis notes. Oak dominates the creamy, charred finish.", "The flabby citrus aroma is dusty and shows a tinge of vanilla, which is an aroma that isn't normally associated with Sauvignon Blanc. The palate is big and globby, with an oily note and flavors of citrus, green herb and nettle. END
START HERE Medicinal cherry and plum aromas set up a palate with clipped, hard tannins. Forced flavors of oak and carob are more obvious than the wine's plum and cassis notes. Oak dominates the creamy, charred finish.", "The flabby citrus aroma is dusty and shows a tinge of vanilla, which is an aroma that isn't normally associated with Sauvignon Blanc. The palate is big and globby, with an oily note and flavors of citrus, green herb and nettle.", 'A fruity, lightly tannic blend that comes from a region just to the east of Bordeaux itself. It has ripe berry fruits, a sense of dry structure enveloped with juicy black currants and is finished with crisp acidity. END
START HERE The flabby citrus aroma is dusty and shows a tinge of vanilla, which is an aroma that isn't normally associated with Sauvignon Blanc. The palate is big and globby, with an oily note and flavors of citrus, green herb and nettle.", 'A fruity, lightly tannic blend that comes from a region just to the east of Bordeaux itself. It has ripe berry fruits, a sense of dry structure enveloped with juicy black currants and is finished with crisp acidity.', 'A blend of dominant Merlot with Grenache, this is a light, caramel flavored wine. It is full in the mouth with spice and red fruits cut by lemon acidity. END
START HERE A fruity, lightly tannic blend that comes from a region just to the east of Bordeaux itself. It has ripe berry fruits, a sense of dry structure enveloped with juicy black currants and is finished with crisp acidity.', 'A blend of dominant Merlot with Grenache, this is a light, caramel flavored wine. It is full in the mouth with spice and red fruits cut by lemon acidity.', 'This ripe, structured wine is full of cherry flavors and crisp acidity. Spice and dark chocolate notes make an appearance, but the wine is mainly about perfumed fruit. END
START HERE A blend of dominant Merlot with Grenache, this is a light, caramel flavored wine. It is full in the mouth with spice and red fruits cut by lemon acidity.', 'This ripe, structured wine is full of cherry flavors and crisp acidity. Spice and dark chocolate notes make an appearance, but the wine is mainly about perfumed fruit.', "Here is a simple but tasty Chard, offering attractive notes of pear, spiced orange and toasted apple skin on the nose and mouth. It's light weight and well balanced, with ample acidity and a short but clean finish. Enjoy now. END
START HERE This ripe, structured wine is full of cherry flavors and crisp acidity. Spice and dark chocolate notes make an appearance, but the wine is mainly about perfumed fruit.', "Here is a simple but tasty Chard, offering attractive notes of pear, spiced orange and toasted apple skin on the nose and mouth. It's light weight and well balanced, with ample acidity and a short but clean finish. Enjoy now.", "This bright and well-balanced wine opens with typical aromas of gooseberry, green plum and fresh herbs, all of which carry through to the light, easygoing palate alongside additional notes of lime and grapefruit peel. It's approachable and clean, with crisp acidity and a mouthwatering finish. END
START HERE Here is a simple but tasty Chard, offering attractive notes of pear, spiced orange and toasted apple skin on the nose and mouth. It's light weight and well balanced, with ample acidity and a short but clean finish. Enjoy now.", "This bright and well-balanced wine opens with typical aromas of gooseberry, green plum and fresh herbs, all of which carry through to the light, easygoing palate alongside additional notes of lime and grapefruit peel. It's approachable and clean, with crisp acidity and a mouthwatering finish.", 'Plump, juicy yellow cherry and plum aromas on the nose contrast the taut, steely nature of this off-dry Riesling. Zesty lime and lemon acidity makes it refreshingly brisk and easy-drinking. END
START HERE This bright and well-balanced wine opens with typical aromas of gooseberry, green plum and fresh herbs, all of which carry through to the light, easygoing palate alongside additional notes of lime and grapefruit peel. It's approachable and clean, with crisp acidity and a mouthwatering finish.", 'Plump, juicy yellow cherry and plum aromas on the nose contrast the taut, steely nature of this off-dry Riesling. Zesty lime and lemon acidity makes it refreshingly brisk and easy-drinking.', 'Scratchy, spicy aromas and a touch of juniper accent red-berry scents on this everyday Cabernet. The mouthfeel is dry, fresh and shows tangy acidity, while racy, edgy flavors of plum, spice and green herbs finish zesty. END
START HERE Plump, juicy yellow cherry and plum aromas on the nose contrast the taut, steely nature of this off-dry Riesling. Zesty lime and lemon acidity makes it refreshingly brisk and easy-drinking.', 'Scratchy, spicy aromas and a touch of juniper accent red-berry scents on this everyday Cabernet. The mouthfeel is dry, fresh and shows tangy acidity, while racy, edgy flavors of plum, spice and green herbs finish zesty.', 'This mature expression of Sauvignon opens with bright aromas of peach, honey, apricot and passion fruit. The mouthfeel is less intense with a lean, but crisp finish. END
START HERE Scratchy, spicy aromas and a touch of juniper accent red-berry scents on this everyday Cabernet. The mouthfeel is dry, fresh and shows tangy acidity, while racy, edgy flavors of plum, spice and green herbs finish zesty.', 'This mature expression of Sauvignon opens with bright aromas of peach, honey, apricot and passion fruit. The mouthfeel is less intense with a lean, but crisp finish.', 'Rubbery and rhubarby on the nose, then confected and frankly sweet-tasting on the palate, with a short finish. END
START HERE This mature expression of Sauvignon opens with bright aromas of peach, honey, apricot and passion fruit. The mouthfeel is less intense with a lean, but crisp finish.', 'Rubbery and rhubarby on the nose, then confected and frankly sweet-tasting on the palate, with a short finish.', 'Past its sell-by date, with mealy aromas and dull flavors of apple and banana. The feel is flat, the acidity is not there, and the finish is bland and a little bitter. END
START HERE Rubbery and rhubarby on the nose, then confected and frankly sweet-tasting on the palate, with a short finish.', 'Past its sell-by date, with mealy aromas and dull flavors of apple and banana. The feel is flat, the acidity is not there, and the finish is bland and a little bitter.', 'Upfront scents of blackberry and plum lead the nose of this wine, while denser notes of muddled berries, chocolate raspberry and tree bark unfold on the medium-weight palate. Hints of earth and pepper lend depth to the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Past its sell-by date, with mealy aromas and dull flavors of apple and banana. The feel is flat, the acidity is not there, and the finish is bland and a little bitter.', 'Upfront scents of blackberry and plum lead the nose of this wine, while denser notes of muddled berries, chocolate raspberry and tree bark unfold on the medium-weight palate. Hints of earth and pepper lend depth to the finish. Drink now.', 'This dark cherry-red wine has aromas of red plums and dried black plums that flow to the palate. An easy drinking wine, with pleasantly tart cherry flavors. END
START HERE Upfront scents of blackberry and plum lead the nose of this wine, while denser notes of muddled berries, chocolate raspberry and tree bark unfold on the medium-weight palate. Hints of earth and pepper lend depth to the finish. Drink now.', 'This dark cherry-red wine has aromas of red plums and dried black plums that flow to the palate. An easy drinking wine, with pleasantly tart cherry flavors.', "This is a solid Chardonnay for a great price. It has full body and an oaky, buttery personality that will make few enemies. It's richly textured, with an almost-sweet quality to its fruit. END
START HERE This dark cherry-red wine has aromas of red plums and dried black plums that flow to the palate. An easy drinking wine, with pleasantly tart cherry flavors.', "This is a solid Chardonnay for a great price. It has full body and an oaky, buttery personality that will make few enemies. It's richly textured, with an almost-sweet quality to its fruit.", 'This well-balanced Merlot displays a deep ruby/purple color and plenty of plum flavors. Coffee and herb notes add a touch of complexity and the texture is smooth and even. The finish has good length for a modestly priced red. END
START HERE This is a solid Chardonnay for a great price. It has full body and an oaky, buttery personality that will make few enemies. It's richly textured, with an almost-sweet quality to its fruit.", 'This well-balanced Merlot displays a deep ruby/purple color and plenty of plum flavors. Coffee and herb notes add a touch of complexity and the texture is smooth and even. The finish has good length for a modestly priced red.', 'Showing new wood, this is a straight down the line red Bordeaux. The tannins are firm, maybe the wood gives a burnt character but the fruit comes through strongly, giving fresh, sweet blackberry juice flavors. A good, dry, but lively finish. END
START HERE This well-balanced Merlot displays a deep ruby/purple color and plenty of plum flavors. Coffee and herb notes add a touch of complexity and the texture is smooth and even. The finish has good length for a modestly priced red.', 'Showing new wood, this is a straight down the line red Bordeaux. The tannins are firm, maybe the wood gives a burnt character but the fruit comes through strongly, giving fresh, sweet blackberry juice flavors. A good, dry, but lively finish.', 'Named after the district of Paris where the food and wine markets were located, this is an attractive, fruity wine. It has apricot, banana and spice flavors, lifted by some perfumed acidity. It is a warm style of Chardonnay that is ready to drink. END
START HERE Showing new wood, this is a straight down the line red Bordeaux. The tannins are firm, maybe the wood gives a burnt character but the fruit comes through strongly, giving fresh, sweet blackberry juice flavors. A good, dry, but lively finish.', 'Named after the district of Paris where the food and wine markets were located, this is an attractive, fruity wine. It has apricot, banana and spice flavors, lifted by some perfumed acidity. It is a warm style of Chardonnay that is ready to drink.', 'Classic Chardonnay aromas of apple, pear and hay lead into a palate marked by decent intensity but also a bit of sweetness. Orange and candy notes run through the rather short finish. END
START HERE Named after the district of Paris where the food and wine markets were located, this is an attractive, fruity wine. It has apricot, banana and spice flavors, lifted by some perfumed acidity. It is a warm style of Chardonnay that is ready to drink.', 'Classic Chardonnay aromas of apple, pear and hay lead into a palate marked by decent intensity but also a bit of sweetness. Orange and candy notes run through the rather short finish.', 'Dark and smoky, like hickory burning alongside blackberry, spice and turned earth. The palate has jammy black plum and blackberry flavors mixed with herbs, while good acidity gives it length. Finishes long, spicy and herbal, with enough freshness to make it food friendly. END
START HERE Classic Chardonnay aromas of apple, pear and hay lead into a palate marked by decent intensity but also a bit of sweetness. Orange and candy notes run through the rather short finish.', 'Dark and smoky, like hickory burning alongside blackberry, spice and turned earth. The palate has jammy black plum and blackberry flavors mixed with herbs, while good acidity gives it length. Finishes long, spicy and herbal, with enough freshness to make it food friendly.', 'Berry aromas come in front of a tart pie cherry and rhubarb palate. The feel is tight and acidic, so it lacks for mouthfeel and cries out for food. As a bistro or supermarket buy it offers the most potential. END
START HERE Dark and smoky, like hickory burning alongside blackberry, spice and turned earth. The palate has jammy black plum and blackberry flavors mixed with herbs, while good acidity gives it length. Finishes long, spicy and herbal, with enough freshness to make it food friendly.', 'Berry aromas come in front of a tart pie cherry and rhubarb palate. The feel is tight and acidic, so it lacks for mouthfeel and cries out for food. As a bistro or supermarket buy it offers the most potential.', 'Berry aromas take on a savory and animal hide note. The dense palate carries herbal and earthy flavors, with mulchy, stalky berry tones that come with a dash of coffee grinds. An earthy finish is suggestive of fresh compost. END
START HERE Berry aromas come in front of a tart pie cherry and rhubarb palate. The feel is tight and acidic, so it lacks for mouthfeel and cries out for food. As a bistro or supermarket buy it offers the most potential.', 'Berry aromas take on a savory and animal hide note. The dense palate carries herbal and earthy flavors, with mulchy, stalky berry tones that come with a dash of coffee grinds. An earthy finish is suggestive of fresh compost.', "Not your usual SB, this full-bodied version combines herbal, savory aromas and mineral flavors with a fairly rich texture and lingering finish. It's complex and satisfying, and will pair well with rich seafood. END
START HERE Berry aromas take on a savory and animal hide note. The dense palate carries herbal and earthy flavors, with mulchy, stalky berry tones that come with a dash of coffee grinds. An earthy finish is suggestive of fresh compost.', "Not your usual SB, this full-bodied version combines herbal, savory aromas and mineral flavors with a fairly rich texture and lingering finish. It's complex and satisfying, and will pair well with rich seafood.", "Rich waves of red berries and cinnamon spice lead this soft, dry red. On the palate, it's slightly aimless with quiet berry fruit flavors and a spin of minerals. This is an easy-drinking red that's nice with cheese and tomato-based dishes. END
START HERE Not your usual SB, this full-bodied version combines herbal, savory aromas and mineral flavors with a fairly rich texture and lingering finish. It's complex and satisfying, and will pair well with rich seafood.", "Rich waves of red berries and cinnamon spice lead this soft, dry red. On the palate, it's slightly aimless with quiet berry fruit flavors and a spin of minerals. This is an easy-drinking red that's nice with cheese and tomato-based dishes.", "A touch leafy and candied smelling, but overall this is a steady value-priced Malbec with a tight feel, firm tannins and basic chocolate and berry flavors. Not a ton of nuance and variety; it's standard but good throughout. END
START HERE Rich waves of red berries and cinnamon spice lead this soft, dry red. On the palate, it's slightly aimless with quiet berry fruit flavors and a spin of minerals. This is an easy-drinking red that's nice with cheese and tomato-based dishes.", "A touch leafy and candied smelling, but overall this is a steady value-priced Malbec with a tight feel, firm tannins and basic chocolate and berry flavors. Not a ton of nuance and variety; it's standard but good throughout.", 'Nectarine and tangerine aromas come with a floral note and a whiff of sea foam. This is light in acidity, so the palate is round and chunky. Flavors of citrus and melon finish pithy and slightly bitter. END
START HERE A touch leafy and candied smelling, but overall this is a steady value-priced Malbec with a tight feel, firm tannins and basic chocolate and berry flavors. Not a ton of nuance and variety; it's standard but good throughout.", 'Nectarine and tangerine aromas come with a floral note and a whiff of sea foam. This is light in acidity, so the palate is round and chunky. Flavors of citrus and melon finish pithy and slightly bitter.', 'Brined berry aromas meet an aroma of wet cement. This is medium in body, with herbal berry and chocolate flavors ending on a mild stewed and minty note. END
START HERE Nectarine and tangerine aromas come with a floral note and a whiff of sea foam. This is light in acidity, so the palate is round and chunky. Flavors of citrus and melon finish pithy and slightly bitter.', 'Brined berry aromas meet an aroma of wet cement. This is medium in body, with herbal berry and chocolate flavors ending on a mild stewed and minty note.', 'Pretty thin in substance, but clean, dry and proper, with enough blackberry and currant fruit to satisfy your basic Cabernet instincts. END
START HERE Brined berry aromas meet an aroma of wet cement. This is medium in body, with herbal berry and chocolate flavors ending on a mild stewed and minty note.', 'Pretty thin in substance, but clean, dry and proper, with enough blackberry and currant fruit to satisfy your basic Cabernet instincts.', "Smells like a field of wild flowers and weeds on a hot summer's day. There's sweaty leather and rhubarb along with murky, mildly soupy berry flavors. Lacks proper balance and freshness, and instead shows a weedy, sticky side. END
START HERE Pretty thin in substance, but clean, dry and proper, with enough blackberry and currant fruit to satisfy your basic Cabernet instincts.', "Smells like a field of wild flowers and weeds on a hot summer's day. There's sweaty leather and rhubarb along with murky, mildly soupy berry flavors. Lacks proper balance and freshness, and instead shows a weedy, sticky side.", 'For the modest tariff, this is really good. Aromas of crushed stone and dried flowers lead the way, followed by ample berry flavors and a medium-bodied, silky feel. Drink now. END
START HERE Smells like a field of wild flowers and weeds on a hot summer's day. There's sweaty leather and rhubarb along with murky, mildly soupy berry flavors. Lacks proper balance and freshness, and instead shows a weedy, sticky side.", 'For the modest tariff, this is really good. Aromas of crushed stone and dried flowers lead the way, followed by ample berry flavors and a medium-bodied, silky feel. Drink now.', 'This Merlot smells warm and inviting with strong aromas and flavors of black plum, jammy berry preserves and a touch of almond paste. Medium weight with good balance and a solid finish. END
START HERE For the modest tariff, this is really good. Aromas of crushed stone and dried flowers lead the way, followed by ample berry flavors and a medium-bodied, silky feel. Drink now.', 'This Merlot smells warm and inviting with strong aromas and flavors of black plum, jammy berry preserves and a touch of almond paste. Medium weight with good balance and a solid finish.', 'Dry, smoky and rubbery on the nose, with olive notes. The palate is a bit sharp, with plum, berry and herbal flavors. Finishes mildly leafy, with solid overall fruit and common Chilean herbal-green notes. END
START HERE This Merlot smells warm and inviting with strong aromas and flavors of black plum, jammy berry preserves and a touch of almond paste. Medium weight with good balance and a solid finish.', 'Dry, smoky and rubbery on the nose, with olive notes. The palate is a bit sharp, with plum, berry and herbal flavors. Finishes mildly leafy, with solid overall fruit and common Chilean herbal-green notes.', 'The wine is all juicy red-currant and berry fruits. With light tannins and a crisp edge the wine is fruity and ready to drink. END
START HERE Dry, smoky and rubbery on the nose, with olive notes. The palate is a bit sharp, with plum, berry and herbal flavors. Finishes mildly leafy, with solid overall fruit and common Chilean herbal-green notes.', 'The wine is all juicy red-currant and berry fruits. With light tannins and a crisp edge the wine is fruity and ready to drink.', 'A solid, regular, generic style of SB with white fruit aromas and apple, nectarine and pithy citrus flavors. Mildly tropical and sweet, with a finish that holds steady. Resonably good at this price. END
START HERE The wine is all juicy red-currant and berry fruits. With light tannins and a crisp edge the wine is fruity and ready to drink.', 'A solid, regular, generic style of SB with white fruit aromas and apple, nectarine and pithy citrus flavors. Mildly tropical and sweet, with a finish that holds steady. Resonably good at this price.', "This is a medium-bodied, fruit-forward wine that's jammy, rich, bright and friendly. It smells fresh and grapy, with supporting raspberry and boysenberry notes. It tastes equally ripe and generous, and feels polished and soft in texture. END
START HERE A solid, regular, generic style of SB with white fruit aromas and apple, nectarine and pithy citrus flavors. Mildly tropical and sweet, with a finish that holds steady. Resonably good at this price.', "This is a medium-bodied, fruit-forward wine that's jammy, rich, bright and friendly. It smells fresh and grapy, with supporting raspberry and boysenberry notes. It tastes equally ripe and generous, and feels polished and soft in texture.", 'The wine shows the richness of the vintage while also showing some firm extracted tannins. At this stage, the wine is too dry and firm. Give it until 2018 for a little softening. END
START HERE This is a medium-bodied, fruit-forward wine that's jammy, rich, bright and friendly. It smells fresh and grapy, with supporting raspberry and boysenberry notes. It tastes equally ripe and generous, and feels polished and soft in texture.", 'The wine shows the richness of the vintage while also showing some firm extracted tannins. At this stage, the wine is too dry and firm. Give it until 2018 for a little softening.', "This tastes bone dry, and it offers acidity that's so clean and racy, it makes your mouth feel like it's shining. The flavors of limes, lemons, hay, white pepper and vanilla are delightful. END
START HERE The wine shows the richness of the vintage while also showing some firm extracted tannins. At this stage, the wine is too dry and firm. Give it until 2018 for a little softening.', "This tastes bone dry, and it offers acidity that's so clean and racy, it makes your mouth feel like it's shining. The flavors of limes, lemons, hay, white pepper and vanilla are delightful.", "One of a string of great values made at Terravant near Santa Barbara. Attractively oaky, it's full-bodied, full-flavored and just tannic enough to make it a good pairing for rich meat or cheese courses. It is deep in color, with a slightly tawny rim. It smells like wood smoke and grilled bread, tastes deep as blackberry and delivers cherry flavors that linger on the finish. END
START HERE This tastes bone dry, and it offers acidity that's so clean and racy, it makes your mouth feel like it's shining. The flavors of limes, lemons, hay, white pepper and vanilla are delightful.", "One of a string of great values made at Terravant near Santa Barbara. Attractively oaky, it's full-bodied, full-flavored and just tannic enough to make it a good pairing for rich meat or cheese courses. It is deep in color, with a slightly tawny rim. It smells like wood smoke and grilled bread, tastes deep as blackberry and delivers cherry flavors that linger on the finish.", 'Sweet and simple, with flavors of apricot and pineapple jelly. END
START HERE One of a string of great values made at Terravant near Santa Barbara. Attractively oaky, it's full-bodied, full-flavored and just tannic enough to make it a good pairing for rich meat or cheese courses. It is deep in color, with a slightly tawny rim. It smells like wood smoke and grilled bread, tastes deep as blackberry and delivers cherry flavors that linger on the finish.", 'Sweet and simple, with flavors of apricot and pineapple jelly.', "Snoqualmie can legitimately lay claim to being Washington's most consistent and reliable producer of mass market, value-priced wines. This tart and racy Syrah is a fine example of the quality—no frills, but no fudging either. It tastes like fruit—blueberries and boysenberries, with some leafy, herbal tannins. In perfect balance, it's a fine every day wine with more flavor interest than most ten buck merlots and cabs. END
START HERE Sweet and simple, with flavors of apricot and pineapple jelly.', "Snoqualmie can legitimately lay claim to being Washington's most consistent and reliable producer of mass market, value-priced wines. This tart and racy Syrah is a fine example of the quality—no frills, but no fudging either. It tastes like fruit—blueberries and boysenberries, with some leafy, herbal tannins. In perfect balance, it's a fine every day wine with more flavor interest than most ten buck merlots and cabs.", 'Earthy cherry and berry aromas include a blackened note akin to asphalt. This feels fresh and wiry, with pointy acidity. Salty chippy red-fruit flavors end with pedestrian berry notes and a lasting dash of salt. END
START HERE Snoqualmie can legitimately lay claim to being Washington's most consistent and reliable producer of mass market, value-priced wines. This tart and racy Syrah is a fine example of the quality—no frills, but no fudging either. It tastes like fruit—blueberries and boysenberries, with some leafy, herbal tannins. In perfect balance, it's a fine every day wine with more flavor interest than most ten buck merlots and cabs.", 'Earthy cherry and berry aromas include a blackened note akin to asphalt. This feels fresh and wiry, with pointy acidity. Salty chippy red-fruit flavors end with pedestrian berry notes and a lasting dash of salt.', "Minty and sheer on the nose, and that's a prime indicator of what's to come, namely high-toned, lean fruit flavors and an abundance of scouring, protruding acidity. Some oak lingers to soften things, but overall this is a sharp, underdeveloped style of Cabernet. END
START HERE Earthy cherry and berry aromas include a blackened note akin to asphalt. This feels fresh and wiry, with pointy acidity. Salty chippy red-fruit flavors end with pedestrian berry notes and a lasting dash of salt.', "Minty and sheer on the nose, and that's a prime indicator of what's to come, namely high-toned, lean fruit flavors and an abundance of scouring, protruding acidity. Some oak lingers to soften things, but overall this is a sharp, underdeveloped style of Cabernet.", ". Racy and strong, and comes down firmly on the grass, hay and grapefruit side, brimming with bright, tart fruit. A touch of sugar puts it just this side of sweet, with an intriguing taste of white chocolate on the finish. Gets the nod because it's so ultra-clean and zesty. —S.H. END
START HERE Minty and sheer on the nose, and that's a prime indicator of what's to come, namely high-toned, lean fruit flavors and an abundance of scouring, protruding acidity. Some oak lingers to soften things, but overall this is a sharp, underdeveloped style of Cabernet.", ". Racy and strong, and comes down firmly on the grass, hay and grapefruit side, brimming with bright, tart fruit. A touch of sugar puts it just this side of sweet, with an intriguing taste of white chocolate on the finish. Gets the nod because it's so ultra-clean and zesty. —S.H.", 'Raw and harsh, with green, unripe tannins framing simple berry jam flavors. END
START HERE . Racy and strong, and comes down firmly on the grass, hay and grapefruit side, brimming with bright, tart fruit. A touch of sugar puts it just this side of sweet, with an intriguing taste of white chocolate on the finish. Gets the nod because it's so ultra-clean and zesty. —S.H.", 'Raw and harsh, with green, unripe tannins framing simple berry jam flavors.', 'A little sharp and ringing on the nose, with pine and citrus keeping it ultra fresh. The palate is mildly aggressive and zesty, with herbal raspberry and cherry flavors. With light oak and acidity kicking all the way to the end, this shows the crisp side of Pinot Noir. END
START HERE Raw and harsh, with green, unripe tannins framing simple berry jam flavors.', 'A little sharp and ringing on the nose, with pine and citrus keeping it ultra fresh. The palate is mildly aggressive and zesty, with herbal raspberry and cherry flavors. With light oak and acidity kicking all the way to the end, this shows the crisp side of Pinot Noir.', "Cute packaging belies the surprising depth to this Riesling. It's remarkably balanced, with an array of mineral, floral and fruit dimensions. Juicy, with preserved peach flavors and zippy lemon acidity, it's a thirst-quenching, solid pick from the Pfalz. END
START HERE A little sharp and ringing on the nose, with pine and citrus keeping it ultra fresh. The palate is mildly aggressive and zesty, with herbal raspberry and cherry flavors. With light oak and acidity kicking all the way to the end, this shows the crisp side of Pinot Noir.', "Cute packaging belies the surprising depth to this Riesling. It's remarkably balanced, with an array of mineral, floral and fruit dimensions. Juicy, with preserved peach flavors and zippy lemon acidity, it's a thirst-quenching, solid pick from the Pfalz.", "Crushed mineral and waxy lanolin notes accent intense tangerine and quince flavors on this juicy off-dry Riesling. It's robust on the palate, yet elegant, with a rippling herbal flair. END
START HERE Cute packaging belies the surprising depth to this Riesling. It's remarkably balanced, with an array of mineral, floral and fruit dimensions. Juicy, with preserved peach flavors and zippy lemon acidity, it's a thirst-quenching, solid pick from the Pfalz.", "Crushed mineral and waxy lanolin notes accent intense tangerine and quince flavors on this juicy off-dry Riesling. It's robust on the palate, yet elegant, with a rippling herbal flair.", 'This is a workmanlike Cabernet that gets the job done. Standard berry aromas show a spot of oak. Solid but highly regular cherry, cassis and chocolaty flavors finish with a smear of superficial oak. END
START HERE Crushed mineral and waxy lanolin notes accent intense tangerine and quince flavors on this juicy off-dry Riesling. It's robust on the palate, yet elegant, with a rippling herbal flair.", 'This is a workmanlike Cabernet that gets the job done. Standard berry aromas show a spot of oak. Solid but highly regular cherry, cassis and chocolaty flavors finish with a smear of superficial oak.', "Sauvignon Blanc has long been the winery's calling card, but this vintage isn't quite up to past standards. Some high-toned scents add edginess to the tropical fruit, and some bitter skin flavors are borderline too much. Good, but they can do better. END
START HERE This is a workmanlike Cabernet that gets the job done. Standard berry aromas show a spot of oak. Solid but highly regular cherry, cassis and chocolaty flavors finish with a smear of superficial oak.', "Sauvignon Blanc has long been the winery's calling card, but this vintage isn't quite up to past standards. Some high-toned scents add edginess to the tropical fruit, and some bitter skin flavors are borderline too much. Good, but they can do better.", "This could very well be Chile's most expressive, interesting white Sauvignon. It's got all those prickly pineapple, passion fruit, scallion and pepper notes that are typical, and also a lot of pure citrus flavors backing it all up. The mouthfeel is zesty and spirited, but there's natural roundness, too. Some licorice adds complexity to the finish. Best Buy. END
START HERE Sauvignon Blanc has long been the winery's calling card, but this vintage isn't quite up to past standards. Some high-toned scents add edginess to the tropical fruit, and some bitter skin flavors are borderline too much. Good, but they can do better.", "This could very well be Chile's most expressive, interesting white Sauvignon. It's got all those prickly pineapple, passion fruit, scallion and pepper notes that are typical, and also a lot of pure citrus flavors backing it all up. The mouthfeel is zesty and spirited, but there's natural roundness, too. Some licorice adds complexity to the finish. Best Buy.", "This dry, firm wine shows a hint of bitter extraction, but the core of the wine is smooth. Give it several years' aging. END
START HERE This could very well be Chile's most expressive, interesting white Sauvignon. It's got all those prickly pineapple, passion fruit, scallion and pepper notes that are typical, and also a lot of pure citrus flavors backing it all up. The mouthfeel is zesty and spirited, but there's natural roundness, too. Some licorice adds complexity to the finish. Best Buy.", "This dry, firm wine shows a hint of bitter extraction, but the core of the wine is smooth. Give it several years' aging.", 'Bright and fruity, this wine is attractive in black currant flavors. With its juicy balance of acidity and open fruit, it is developing quickly and will be ready from 2019. END
START HERE This dry, firm wine shows a hint of bitter extraction, but the core of the wine is smooth. Give it several years' aging.", 'Bright and fruity, this wine is attractive in black currant flavors. With its juicy balance of acidity and open fruit, it is developing quickly and will be ready from 2019.', 'Aromas of chewable vitamins, apples and pine needles set up a plump, soft palate of bland, pithy grapefruit flavors. END
START HERE Bright and fruity, this wine is attractive in black currant flavors. With its juicy balance of acidity and open fruit, it is developing quickly and will be ready from 2019.', 'Aromas of chewable vitamins, apples and pine needles set up a plump, soft palate of bland, pithy grapefruit flavors.', 'Impressively silky for the price, this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon (53%), Shiraz (35%), Petit Verdot (7%) and Malbec (5%) is a bargain that should be easy enough to find, with 10,000 cases imported. Toasty oak and vanilla notes frame mixed berries and olives, marrying sweet and savory elements into a pleasing, medium-bodied red for early consumption. END
START HERE Aromas of chewable vitamins, apples and pine needles set up a plump, soft palate of bland, pithy grapefruit flavors.', 'Impressively silky for the price, this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon (53%), Shiraz (35%), Petit Verdot (7%) and Malbec (5%) is a bargain that should be easy enough to find, with 10,000 cases imported. Toasty oak and vanilla notes frame mixed berries and olives, marrying sweet and savory elements into a pleasing, medium-bodied red for early consumption.', "This wine offers a balance of apple and citrus crispness with a touch of buttery oak. The nose is redolent of crisp fruits; on the palate it's refreshing and seafood-friendly. Pair with shellfish or creamy egg dishes. END
START HERE Impressively silky for the price, this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon (53%), Shiraz (35%), Petit Verdot (7%) and Malbec (5%) is a bargain that should be easy enough to find, with 10,000 cases imported. Toasty oak and vanilla notes frame mixed berries and olives, marrying sweet and savory elements into a pleasing, medium-bodied red for early consumption.', "This wine offers a balance of apple and citrus crispness with a touch of buttery oak. The nose is redolent of crisp fruits; on the palate it's refreshing and seafood-friendly. Pair with shellfish or creamy egg dishes.", 'This is a crisp, fresh and red-currant flavored. It is lively, tight and fruity. A touch of perfume adds to the pleasure of this ready-to-drink wine. END
START HERE This wine offers a balance of apple and citrus crispness with a touch of buttery oak. The nose is redolent of crisp fruits; on the palate it's refreshing and seafood-friendly. Pair with shellfish or creamy egg dishes.", 'This is a crisp, fresh and red-currant flavored. It is lively, tight and fruity. A touch of perfume adds to the pleasure of this ready-to-drink wine.', 'Organically grown grapes give this wine a pure and fruity character that makes it instantly attractive. It is crisp, laced with lemon and lively, juicy red fruits. The aftertaste is dry and full of flavor. END
START HERE This is a crisp, fresh and red-currant flavored. It is lively, tight and fruity. A touch of perfume adds to the pleasure of this ready-to-drink wine.', 'Organically grown grapes give this wine a pure and fruity character that makes it instantly attractive. It is crisp, laced with lemon and lively, juicy red fruits. The aftertaste is dry and full of flavor.', "There's plenty of oak to this solid, peppery Merlot that's also a touch green. The cassis and cherry fruit that drives the palate is healthy and sturdy, while the finish features some tight-grained oak and firm enough tannins. Maybe too much oak given the fruit quality. END
START HERE Organically grown grapes give this wine a pure and fruity character that makes it instantly attractive. It is crisp, laced with lemon and lively, juicy red fruits. The aftertaste is dry and full of flavor.', "There's plenty of oak to this solid, peppery Merlot that's also a touch green. The cassis and cherry fruit that drives the palate is healthy and sturdy, while the finish features some tight-grained oak and firm enough tannins. Maybe too much oak given the fruit quality.", 'Aromas of pineapple, lemon and stone fruits lead into a palate that is ripe and round, with apple butter and pear flavors. The finish is dry and fairly simple, with banana-like richness and tropical fruit notes, but also some late bitterness. Just two things hold it back: The texture is a bit flat, and the acidity could use a jolt. END
START HERE There's plenty of oak to this solid, peppery Merlot that's also a touch green. The cassis and cherry fruit that drives the palate is healthy and sturdy, while the finish features some tight-grained oak and firm enough tannins. Maybe too much oak given the fruit quality.", 'Aromas of pineapple, lemon and stone fruits lead into a palate that is ripe and round, with apple butter and pear flavors. The finish is dry and fairly simple, with banana-like richness and tropical fruit notes, but also some late bitterness. Just two things hold it back: The texture is a bit flat, and the acidity could use a jolt.', "Stocky and warm, with mild baked-fruit aromas and a hint of bramble. This venerable table wine is made from 65% Garnacha and 35 Cariñena, and from 2005 it's pretty much on the money. Expect earthy, mildly brambly flavors, lively acidity and soft tannins. Good for a wide range of simple foods and appetizers. END
START HERE Aromas of pineapple, lemon and stone fruits lead into a palate that is ripe and round, with apple butter and pear flavors. The finish is dry and fairly simple, with banana-like richness and tropical fruit notes, but also some late bitterness. Just two things hold it back: The texture is a bit flat, and the acidity could use a jolt.', "Stocky and warm, with mild baked-fruit aromas and a hint of bramble. This venerable table wine is made from 65% Garnacha and 35 Cariñena, and from 2005 it's pretty much on the money. Expect earthy, mildly brambly flavors, lively acidity and soft tannins. Good for a wide range of simple foods and appetizers.", 'Bright boysenberry and black-cherry scents are seasoned with clove and nutmeg, and enhanced with gravel and rose-bud aromas. The palate is spicy and juicy, with boisterous black pepper, plum, blueberry and tobacco flavors. END
START HERE Stocky and warm, with mild baked-fruit aromas and a hint of bramble. This venerable table wine is made from 65% Garnacha and 35 Cariñena, and from 2005 it's pretty much on the money. Expect earthy, mildly brambly flavors, lively acidity and soft tannins. Good for a wide range of simple foods and appetizers.", 'Bright boysenberry and black-cherry scents are seasoned with clove and nutmeg, and enhanced with gravel and rose-bud aromas. The palate is spicy and juicy, with boisterous black pepper, plum, blueberry and tobacco flavors.', 'Aromas of toast, char and black fruit are followed by lightly sweet blue and black fruit flavors. It goes down easy. END
START HERE Bright boysenberry and black-cherry scents are seasoned with clove and nutmeg, and enhanced with gravel and rose-bud aromas. The palate is spicy and juicy, with boisterous black pepper, plum, blueberry and tobacco flavors.', 'Aromas of toast, char and black fruit are followed by lightly sweet blue and black fruit flavors. It goes down easy.', 'Bright aromas of ripe peach, lime zest, flowers and canned pear lead to off-dry peach and apricot flavors. It brings a lot of appeal. END
START HERE Aromas of toast, char and black fruit are followed by lightly sweet blue and black fruit flavors. It goes down easy.', 'Bright aromas of ripe peach, lime zest, flowers and canned pear lead to off-dry peach and apricot flavors. It brings a lot of appeal.', 'This wine sports a green-apple and pear nose with some extra weight from barrel fermentation. Well-balanced and right on the border between stainless- steel and barrel-fermented styles: steel meets butter on the palate. Best Buy. END
START HERE Bright aromas of ripe peach, lime zest, flowers and canned pear lead to off-dry peach and apricot flavors. It brings a lot of appeal.', 'This wine sports a green-apple and pear nose with some extra weight from barrel fermentation. Well-balanced and right on the border between stainless- steel and barrel-fermented styles: steel meets butter on the palate. Best Buy.', "Merlot, Cabernet and Syrah form the core of this wildly successful red blend from Ste. Michelle Wine Estates. Soft and juicy, it's packed with flavors of vanilla, pipe tobacco and cola, while keeping the stuffing and structure of a substantial wine. An appealing red blend, especially for consumers new to wine. END
START HERE This wine sports a green-apple and pear nose with some extra weight from barrel fermentation. Well-balanced and right on the border between stainless- steel and barrel-fermented styles: steel meets butter on the palate. Best Buy.', "Merlot, Cabernet and Syrah form the core of this wildly successful red blend from Ste. Michelle Wine Estates. Soft and juicy, it's packed with flavors of vanilla, pipe tobacco and cola, while keeping the stuffing and structure of a substantial wine. An appealing red blend, especially for consumers new to wine.", "A decent effort, with notes of spice, brambly wild berries, smoke and licorice mingling together. It doesn't quite snap into focus, but there's never a dull moment. The finish gets chalky as the tannins take over. END
START HERE Merlot, Cabernet and Syrah form the core of this wildly successful red blend from Ste. Michelle Wine Estates. Soft and juicy, it's packed with flavors of vanilla, pipe tobacco and cola, while keeping the stuffing and structure of a substantial wine. An appealing red blend, especially for consumers new to wine.", "A decent effort, with notes of spice, brambly wild berries, smoke and licorice mingling together. It doesn't quite snap into focus, but there's never a dull moment. The finish gets chalky as the tannins take over.", 'Scratchy plum and cherry aromas come with creamy oak scents. The grippy palate houses harsh tannins, while plum and berry flavors yield to an overriding oak character on the finish. Monastrell, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon comprise the blend. END
START HERE A decent effort, with notes of spice, brambly wild berries, smoke and licorice mingling together. It doesn't quite snap into focus, but there's never a dull moment. The finish gets chalky as the tannins take over.", 'Scratchy plum and cherry aromas come with creamy oak scents. The grippy palate houses harsh tannins, while plum and berry flavors yield to an overriding oak character on the finish. Monastrell, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon comprise the blend.', "Broad, sturdy and herbal, this everyday Merlot is a fine choice for simple grilled fare. It's actually a rather interesting blend, with a mix of Cabernet Franc, Lemberger, Syrah and Sangiovese adding to the Merlot base. END
START HERE Scratchy plum and cherry aromas come with creamy oak scents. The grippy palate houses harsh tannins, while plum and berry flavors yield to an overriding oak character on the finish. Monastrell, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon comprise the blend.', "Broad, sturdy and herbal, this everyday Merlot is a fine choice for simple grilled fare. It's actually a rather interesting blend, with a mix of Cabernet Franc, Lemberger, Syrah and Sangiovese adding to the Merlot base.", 'Definitely a step up from the regular Chardonnay; this is more substantial, bringing in some mineral, citrus rind and spice along with apple and pear flavors. END
START HERE Broad, sturdy and herbal, this everyday Merlot is a fine choice for simple grilled fare. It's actually a rather interesting blend, with a mix of Cabernet Franc, Lemberger, Syrah and Sangiovese adding to the Merlot base.", 'Definitely a step up from the regular Chardonnay; this is more substantial, bringing in some mineral, citrus rind and spice along with apple and pear flavors.', 'Syrah performs well in the hot, dry climate of Alentejo. This is a perfumed wine, richly tannic although the tannins are cushioned by the red fruits, spice and fresh acidity. It is ready to drink now. END
START HERE Definitely a step up from the regular Chardonnay; this is more substantial, bringing in some mineral, citrus rind and spice along with apple and pear flavors.', 'Syrah performs well in the hot, dry climate of Alentejo. This is a perfumed wine, richly tannic although the tannins are cushioned by the red fruits, spice and fresh acidity. It is ready to drink now.', 'A ripe and smooth wine that brings out all the fruitiness of the vintage. Just enough structure gives the wine shape, while yielding pride of place to the juicy fruits and attractive berry flavors. Drink now. END
START HERE Syrah performs well in the hot, dry climate of Alentejo. This is a perfumed wine, richly tannic although the tannins are cushioned by the red fruits, spice and fresh acidity. It is ready to drink now.', 'A ripe and smooth wine that brings out all the fruitiness of the vintage. Just enough structure gives the wine shape, while yielding pride of place to the juicy fruits and attractive berry flavors. Drink now.', 'Punchy prickly citrus aromas are clearly that of Sauvignon Blanc. Light in color and weight, this tastes of tangy citrus with a shot of black and green pepper. Lime is the key flavor noted on a clean but mild finish. END
START HERE A ripe and smooth wine that brings out all the fruitiness of the vintage. Just enough structure gives the wine shape, while yielding pride of place to the juicy fruits and attractive berry flavors. Drink now.', 'Punchy prickly citrus aromas are clearly that of Sauvignon Blanc. Light in color and weight, this tastes of tangy citrus with a shot of black and green pepper. Lime is the key flavor noted on a clean but mild finish.', 'Starts out strong with lemon, apple and other fresh-fruit aromas. The flavors are more mealy and warm, and the palate feel is oily. Citrus, apple, lemon and tropical fruit all make appearances, but overall the wine fades into mediocrity and pithy bitterness. END
START HERE Punchy prickly citrus aromas are clearly that of Sauvignon Blanc. Light in color and weight, this tastes of tangy citrus with a shot of black and green pepper. Lime is the key flavor noted on a clean but mild finish.', 'Starts out strong with lemon, apple and other fresh-fruit aromas. The flavors are more mealy and warm, and the palate feel is oily. Citrus, apple, lemon and tropical fruit all make appearances, but overall the wine fades into mediocrity and pithy bitterness.', 'This sweet red wine made from Cabernet Sauvignon has aromas of blackberry and dark chocolate that lead to flavors of dried plum, honey and black raspberry in the mouth. There is enough acidity to prevent the wine from being cloying and to allow the sweet finish to prevail. END
START HERE Starts out strong with lemon, apple and other fresh-fruit aromas. The flavors are more mealy and warm, and the palate feel is oily. Citrus, apple, lemon and tropical fruit all make appearances, but overall the wine fades into mediocrity and pithy bitterness.', 'This sweet red wine made from Cabernet Sauvignon has aromas of blackberry and dark chocolate that lead to flavors of dried plum, honey and black raspberry in the mouth. There is enough acidity to prevent the wine from being cloying and to allow the sweet finish to prevail.', 'Very crisp and slightly sweet, this simple, everyday Chardonnay has jammy flavors of pineapples, apples and lemon tarts. Pretty good for the price. END
START HERE This sweet red wine made from Cabernet Sauvignon has aromas of blackberry and dark chocolate that lead to flavors of dried plum, honey and black raspberry in the mouth. There is enough acidity to prevent the wine from being cloying and to allow the sweet finish to prevail.', 'Very crisp and slightly sweet, this simple, everyday Chardonnay has jammy flavors of pineapples, apples and lemon tarts. Pretty good for the price.', 'Black fruit and soft tannins yield a wine that is rounded with some attractive texture. Its ripe black currant fruitiness is lifted by its crisp acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE Very crisp and slightly sweet, this simple, everyday Chardonnay has jammy flavors of pineapples, apples and lemon tarts. Pretty good for the price.', 'Black fruit and soft tannins yield a wine that is rounded with some attractive texture. Its ripe black currant fruitiness is lifted by its crisp acidity. Drink now.', 'Neutral, dusty and a bit damp-smelling, with a leanness to the palate feel as well as flavors of semitart melon and peach. Decent but fails to excite. Drink now. END
START HERE Black fruit and soft tannins yield a wine that is rounded with some attractive texture. Its ripe black currant fruitiness is lifted by its crisp acidity. Drink now.', 'Neutral, dusty and a bit damp-smelling, with a leanness to the palate feel as well as flavors of semitart melon and peach. Decent but fails to excite. Drink now.', "The ultralight color portends a light wine with pear and apple fruit, plenty of flowery sweetness and a surprisingly full, fresh finish. It's not a bad little wine, given its modest aspirations. END
START HERE Neutral, dusty and a bit damp-smelling, with a leanness to the palate feel as well as flavors of semitart melon and peach. Decent but fails to excite. Drink now.', "The ultralight color portends a light wine with pear and apple fruit, plenty of flowery sweetness and a surprisingly full, fresh finish. It's not a bad little wine, given its modest aspirations.", 'Scents of violet, brambly berry and blackcurrant leaf lead the bouquet of this earthy blend, with a light gamy character in the background. The palate is bright and lively, with attractive freshness and fine tannins that result in a clean, juicy finish. END
START HERE The ultralight color portends a light wine with pear and apple fruit, plenty of flowery sweetness and a surprisingly full, fresh finish. It's not a bad little wine, given its modest aspirations.", 'Scents of violet, brambly berry and blackcurrant leaf lead the bouquet of this earthy blend, with a light gamy character in the background. The palate is bright and lively, with attractive freshness and fine tannins that result in a clean, juicy finish.', "Some good currant, cherry, cola and licorice flavors in this dry, balanced wine. It's one of the better Merlots out there at this affordable price. END
START HERE Scents of violet, brambly berry and blackcurrant leaf lead the bouquet of this earthy blend, with a light gamy character in the background. The palate is bright and lively, with attractive freshness and fine tannins that result in a clean, juicy finish.', "Some good currant, cherry, cola and licorice flavors in this dry, balanced wine. It's one of the better Merlots out there at this affordable price.", 'The nose of this wine is all fruit—strawberry, raspberry and cherry abound. Flavor wise, the accessible palate offers more of the same, with light tannins and ample acidity to keep the mouthfeel fresh and the finish clean. END
START HERE Some good currant, cherry, cola and licorice flavors in this dry, balanced wine. It's one of the better Merlots out there at this affordable price.", 'The nose of this wine is all fruit—strawberry, raspberry and cherry abound. Flavor wise, the accessible palate offers more of the same, with light tannins and ample acidity to keep the mouthfeel fresh and the finish clean.', 'Whiffs of sugar cookies and raspberries entice on this consistently pleasing bargain buy. Fruity and floral and a just shade off dry, its an easygoing wine but with a depth beyond what one might presume from its cheeky packaging. Finishes on a lingering white peach note. END
START HERE The nose of this wine is all fruit—strawberry, raspberry and cherry abound. Flavor wise, the accessible palate offers more of the same, with light tannins and ample acidity to keep the mouthfeel fresh and the finish clean.', 'Whiffs of sugar cookies and raspberries entice on this consistently pleasing bargain buy. Fruity and floral and a just shade off dry, its an easygoing wine but with a depth beyond what one might presume from its cheeky packaging. Finishes on a lingering white peach note.', "Haras is the base-level label for Haras de Pirque, and frankly this Chardonnay tastes, smells and feels like a base-level wine. There's a damp lack of clarity on the nose as well as sweet apple, cinnamon and spice flavors. Finishes fleshy and bland. END
START HERE Whiffs of sugar cookies and raspberries entice on this consistently pleasing bargain buy. Fruity and floral and a just shade off dry, its an easygoing wine but with a depth beyond what one might presume from its cheeky packaging. Finishes on a lingering white peach note.', "Haras is the base-level label for Haras de Pirque, and frankly this Chardonnay tastes, smells and feels like a base-level wine. There's a damp lack of clarity on the nose as well as sweet apple, cinnamon and spice flavors. Finishes fleshy and bland.", "This is an inviting and easy-drinking selection, with friendly aromas and flavors of green gooseberry, orange peel and grass. There's a hint of pineapple-like acidity, though a bit more cut would help to better balance the palate and freshen up the finish. END
START HERE Haras is the base-level label for Haras de Pirque, and frankly this Chardonnay tastes, smells and feels like a base-level wine. There's a damp lack of clarity on the nose as well as sweet apple, cinnamon and spice flavors. Finishes fleshy and bland.", "This is an inviting and easy-drinking selection, with friendly aromas and flavors of green gooseberry, orange peel and grass. There's a hint of pineapple-like acidity, though a bit more cut would help to better balance the palate and freshen up the finish.", "The nose on this easygoing Riesling is a bit reserved, suggesting hints of stone and bramble. It's quite vibrant on the palate though, offering loads of sweet-tart apple and pear flavors bolstered by zesty tangerine acidity. The finish wraps up brisk and clean. END
START HERE This is an inviting and easy-drinking selection, with friendly aromas and flavors of green gooseberry, orange peel and grass. There's a hint of pineapple-like acidity, though a bit more cut would help to better balance the palate and freshen up the finish.", "The nose on this easygoing Riesling is a bit reserved, suggesting hints of stone and bramble. It's quite vibrant on the palate though, offering loads of sweet-tart apple and pear flavors bolstered by zesty tangerine acidity. The finish wraps up brisk and clean.", 'Cherry, plum, bacon and licorice are all good aromas that indicate that this value wine has quality backing it up. The palate is fresh and clean, with depth and ripe, slightly oaked flavors of cassis, blackberry and chocolate. Easy to like, with toasty touches throughout. END
START HERE The nose on this easygoing Riesling is a bit reserved, suggesting hints of stone and bramble. It's quite vibrant on the palate though, offering loads of sweet-tart apple and pear flavors bolstered by zesty tangerine acidity. The finish wraps up brisk and clean.", 'Cherry, plum, bacon and licorice are all good aromas that indicate that this value wine has quality backing it up. The palate is fresh and clean, with depth and ripe, slightly oaked flavors of cassis, blackberry and chocolate. Easy to like, with toasty touches throughout.', "This Maipo estate is now aligned with Chateau Ste. Michelle of Washington, which doesn't exactly impact this nice everyday Cabernet. Bramble and fresh berry aromas offer an entry, then there's chewy raspberry on the palate along with a grace of vanilla and some warmth. A bone-warming wine for fall and winter. END
START HERE Cherry, plum, bacon and licorice are all good aromas that indicate that this value wine has quality backing it up. The palate is fresh and clean, with depth and ripe, slightly oaked flavors of cassis, blackberry and chocolate. Easy to like, with toasty touches throughout.', "This Maipo estate is now aligned with Chateau Ste. Michelle of Washington, which doesn't exactly impact this nice everyday Cabernet. Bramble and fresh berry aromas offer an entry, then there's chewy raspberry on the palate along with a grace of vanilla and some warmth. A bone-warming wine for fall and winter.", 'Spicy and dry smelling, with red fruit aromas and a hint of prickle and brine to the nose. Smooth in the mouth and full through the midpalate as plum and red berry flavors blend with herbal notes. Mellow and full on the finish. Good value. END
START HERE This Maipo estate is now aligned with Chateau Ste. Michelle of Washington, which doesn't exactly impact this nice everyday Cabernet. Bramble and fresh berry aromas offer an entry, then there's chewy raspberry on the palate along with a grace of vanilla and some warmth. A bone-warming wine for fall and winter.", 'Spicy and dry smelling, with red fruit aromas and a hint of prickle and brine to the nose. Smooth in the mouth and full through the midpalate as plum and red berry flavors blend with herbal notes. Mellow and full on the finish. Good value.', 'Dark colored for a modern rosé, this is a ripe blend of two Cabernets, Syrah and Tannat. Red fruits and a rich texture make for a wine that is almost sweet in character, certainly floral and perfumed. Drink now. END
START HERE Spicy and dry smelling, with red fruit aromas and a hint of prickle and brine to the nose. Smooth in the mouth and full through the midpalate as plum and red berry flavors blend with herbal notes. Mellow and full on the finish. Good value.', 'Dark colored for a modern rosé, this is a ripe blend of two Cabernets, Syrah and Tannat. Red fruits and a rich texture make for a wine that is almost sweet in character, certainly floral and perfumed. Drink now.', 'Berry and cassis aromas blend with oaky scents to form a solid nose. This feels grabby and resiny, with moderate tannins. Minty black-fruit flavors are woody, while the finish tastes herbal and oaky, with meaty berry notes. END
START HERE Dark colored for a modern rosé, this is a ripe blend of two Cabernets, Syrah and Tannat. Red fruits and a rich texture make for a wine that is almost sweet in character, certainly floral and perfumed. Drink now.', 'Berry and cassis aromas blend with oaky scents to form a solid nose. This feels grabby and resiny, with moderate tannins. Minty black-fruit flavors are woody, while the finish tastes herbal and oaky, with meaty berry notes.', "This is a finely made wine, fresh and crisp. It is dry but with a soft texture that turns it into a wine that's both good with food and as an apéritif. The aftertaste is crisp and still fruity. END
START HERE Berry and cassis aromas blend with oaky scents to form a solid nose. This feels grabby and resiny, with moderate tannins. Minty black-fruit flavors are woody, while the finish tastes herbal and oaky, with meaty berry notes.', "This is a finely made wine, fresh and crisp. It is dry but with a soft texture that turns it into a wine that's both good with food and as an apéritif. The aftertaste is crisp and still fruity.", 'An elegant nose of strawberry, raspberry and lemon is the start of this poised rosé. Unfolding fruit and citrus flavors keep the wine balanced and clean, but the overall character is feminine and soft. A very pretty wine with a classic touch. END
START HERE This is a finely made wine, fresh and crisp. It is dry but with a soft texture that turns it into a wine that's both good with food and as an apéritif. The aftertaste is crisp and still fruity.", 'An elegant nose of strawberry, raspberry and lemon is the start of this poised rosé. Unfolding fruit and citrus flavors keep the wine balanced and clean, but the overall character is feminine and soft. A very pretty wine with a classic touch.', "Normally the Maipo Valley produces warm, dull Sauvignon Blancs. But this one has more kick and purity of fruit than most. The nose delivers tropical and melon aromas, while the palate is packed with lime, citrus and grapefruit flavors. It's on the big side and a little clingy on the finish, but mostly it gets things right. END
START HERE An elegant nose of strawberry, raspberry and lemon is the start of this poised rosé. Unfolding fruit and citrus flavors keep the wine balanced and clean, but the overall character is feminine and soft. A very pretty wine with a classic touch.', "Normally the Maipo Valley produces warm, dull Sauvignon Blancs. But this one has more kick and purity of fruit than most. The nose delivers tropical and melon aromas, while the palate is packed with lime, citrus and grapefruit flavors. It's on the big side and a little clingy on the finish, but mostly it gets things right.", 'Light and lovely, this has just under 2% residual sugar, but it tastes drier than that. Arresting scents of jasmine tea and honeysuckle give it an enticing floral character. It glides into a soft palate dappled with accents of flowers, oils and incense. Includes small amounts of Chardonnay and Gewürztraminer. END
START HERE Normally the Maipo Valley produces warm, dull Sauvignon Blancs. But this one has more kick and purity of fruit than most. The nose delivers tropical and melon aromas, while the palate is packed with lime, citrus and grapefruit flavors. It's on the big side and a little clingy on the finish, but mostly it gets things right.", 'Light and lovely, this has just under 2% residual sugar, but it tastes drier than that. Arresting scents of jasmine tea and honeysuckle give it an enticing floral character. It glides into a soft palate dappled with accents of flowers, oils and incense. Includes small amounts of Chardonnay and Gewürztraminer.', 'A blend of Touriga Nacional and Aragonez, this is a soft wine, fruity with ripe red and white fruit flavors. It is a light wine with only a hint of tannin, much more in the way of gentle fruitiness. END
START HERE Light and lovely, this has just under 2% residual sugar, but it tastes drier than that. Arresting scents of jasmine tea and honeysuckle give it an enticing floral character. It glides into a soft palate dappled with accents of flowers, oils and incense. Includes small amounts of Chardonnay and Gewürztraminer.', 'A blend of Touriga Nacional and Aragonez, this is a soft wine, fruity with ripe red and white fruit flavors. It is a light wine with only a hint of tannin, much more in the way of gentle fruitiness.', "Aromas of forced oak, plastic and berry fruits don't forecast how tight, shrill and acidic the palate is. Snappy flavors of red plum and red currant teeter on being sour, while acidity is what keeps this cranking through a sharp, oaky finish. END
START HERE A blend of Touriga Nacional and Aragonez, this is a soft wine, fruity with ripe red and white fruit flavors. It is a light wine with only a hint of tannin, much more in the way of gentle fruitiness.', "Aromas of forced oak, plastic and berry fruits don't forecast how tight, shrill and acidic the palate is. Snappy flavors of red plum and red currant teeter on being sour, while acidity is what keeps this cranking through a sharp, oaky finish.", 'This mellowed-out red is ready to drink now. A good level of flavor complexity and a layered texture that is smooth but firm with tannins make this medium-bodied Merlot tasty. It feels so soothing and appetizing that one forgives the fruit and spice notes for being subtle. END
START HERE Aromas of forced oak, plastic and berry fruits don't forecast how tight, shrill and acidic the palate is. Snappy flavors of red plum and red currant teeter on being sour, while acidity is what keeps this cranking through a sharp, oaky finish.", 'This mellowed-out red is ready to drink now. A good level of flavor complexity and a layered texture that is smooth but firm with tannins make this medium-bodied Merlot tasty. It feels so soothing and appetizing that one forgives the fruit and spice notes for being subtle.', 'This bold, purple-colored wine is fruity and soft. Its acidity combines with black fruit and a juicy, lightly tannic texture. Drink now. END
START HERE This mellowed-out red is ready to drink now. A good level of flavor complexity and a layered texture that is smooth but firm with tannins make this medium-bodied Merlot tasty. It feels so soothing and appetizing that one forgives the fruit and spice notes for being subtle.', 'This bold, purple-colored wine is fruity and soft. Its acidity combines with black fruit and a juicy, lightly tannic texture. Drink now.', "An aromatic opening of raisin and prune is a clarion announcement that this is on the overripe side. The mouthfeel, which is heavy and chunky but also fruity, is confirmation of the wine's ripeness level. Flavors of baked plum, raisin and chocolate finish deep and raisiny. END
START HERE This bold, purple-colored wine is fruity and soft. Its acidity combines with black fruit and a juicy, lightly tannic texture. Drink now.', "An aromatic opening of raisin and prune is a clarion announcement that this is on the overripe side. The mouthfeel, which is heavy and chunky but also fruity, is confirmation of the wine's ripeness level. Flavors of baked plum, raisin and chocolate finish deep and raisiny.", 'Roasted berry and plum aromas are earthy and leathery. This wine feels raw on the palate, with snappy acidity. Flavors of herb-infused tomato and briny plum finish oaky and spicy, with a forced note of clove. This blend of Merlot, Shiraz, Tempranillo and Viognier is not your typical Chilean red blend. END
START HERE An aromatic opening of raisin and prune is a clarion announcement that this is on the overripe side. The mouthfeel, which is heavy and chunky but also fruity, is confirmation of the wine's ripeness level. Flavors of baked plum, raisin and chocolate finish deep and raisiny.", 'Roasted berry and plum aromas are earthy and leathery. This wine feels raw on the palate, with snappy acidity. Flavors of herb-infused tomato and briny plum finish oaky and spicy, with a forced note of clove. This blend of Merlot, Shiraz, Tempranillo and Viognier is not your typical Chilean red blend.', "One wants to be kind to this wine, which seeks to be affordable to everyone who desires a Pinot Noir. It's dry and silky, with simple cherry candy and cola flavors. END
START HERE Roasted berry and plum aromas are earthy and leathery. This wine feels raw on the palate, with snappy acidity. Flavors of herb-infused tomato and briny plum finish oaky and spicy, with a forced note of clove. This blend of Merlot, Shiraz, Tempranillo and Viognier is not your typical Chilean red blend.', "One wants to be kind to this wine, which seeks to be affordable to everyone who desires a Pinot Noir. It's dry and silky, with simple cherry candy and cola flavors.", 'This is a straightforward quaffer. Aromas of herbs, jasmine and stone fruit lead to sugary-sweet fruit flavors. END
START HERE One wants to be kind to this wine, which seeks to be affordable to everyone who desires a Pinot Noir. It's dry and silky, with simple cherry candy and cola flavors.", 'This is a straightforward quaffer. Aromas of herbs, jasmine and stone fruit lead to sugary-sweet fruit flavors.', 'Maderized and stalky smelling, with a scratchy palate and grassy, pickled flavors that lean toward strawberry and raspberry. END
START HERE This is a straightforward quaffer. Aromas of herbs, jasmine and stone fruit lead to sugary-sweet fruit flavors.', 'Maderized and stalky smelling, with a scratchy palate and grassy, pickled flavors that lean toward strawberry and raspberry.', "This wine from Kendall-Jackson's Australian outpost offers aromas of butter, clove and tropical and citrus fruits. Dried spice flavors accent soft peach andvanilla, finishing with a touch of tangerine. Best Buy. END
START HERE Maderized and stalky smelling, with a scratchy palate and grassy, pickled flavors that lean toward strawberry and raspberry.', "This wine from Kendall-Jackson's Australian outpost offers aromas of butter, clove and tropical and citrus fruits. Dried spice flavors accent soft peach andvanilla, finishing with a touch of tangerine. Best Buy.", 'This is a bright wine with 90% Merlot. It has black-currant crispness and acidity. The tannins are light and the wine, ready to drink young and fruity, will be best slightly chilled. END
START HERE This wine from Kendall-Jackson's Australian outpost offers aromas of butter, clove and tropical and citrus fruits. Dried spice flavors accent soft peach andvanilla, finishing with a touch of tangerine. Best Buy.", 'This is a bright wine with 90% Merlot. It has black-currant crispness and acidity. The tannins are light and the wine, ready to drink young and fruity, will be best slightly chilled.', 'Great price for a Chardonnay this rich and tasty. It has a buttery, creamy texture, framing tart flavors of pineapples, peaches and vanilla oak. END
START HERE This is a bright wine with 90% Merlot. It has black-currant crispness and acidity. The tannins are light and the wine, ready to drink young and fruity, will be best slightly chilled.', 'Great price for a Chardonnay this rich and tasty. It has a buttery, creamy texture, framing tart flavors of pineapples, peaches and vanilla oak.', "Starts off with understated aromas of buttered whole-grain toast, pineapple and tropical that gradually build in intensity, finishing with a blast of toasty American oak, vanilla and spice. It's slightly unpolished, but flavorful and full of character. END
START HERE Great price for a Chardonnay this rich and tasty. It has a buttery, creamy texture, framing tart flavors of pineapples, peaches and vanilla oak.', "Starts off with understated aromas of buttered whole-grain toast, pineapple and tropical that gradually build in intensity, finishing with a blast of toasty American oak, vanilla and spice. It's slightly unpolished, but flavorful and full of character.", "Doesn't have quite the concentration of many more expensive Merlots, but fills a nice niche in an affordable red wine that's full-bodied, dry and elegant. Offers pleasant flavors of cherries, red currants, cola and oak. END
START HERE Starts off with understated aromas of buttered whole-grain toast, pineapple and tropical that gradually build in intensity, finishing with a blast of toasty American oak, vanilla and spice. It's slightly unpolished, but flavorful and full of character.", "Doesn't have quite the concentration of many more expensive Merlots, but fills a nice niche in an affordable red wine that's full-bodied, dry and elegant. Offers pleasant flavors of cherries, red currants, cola and oak.", 'Though not labeled as such, this thrilling Riesling comes from the Ancient Lakes appellation and brings aromatic notes of peach, orange blossom and pear. It drinks medium-sweet with abundant stone fruit flavors. END
START HERE Doesn't have quite the concentration of many more expensive Merlots, but fills a nice niche in an affordable red wine that's full-bodied, dry and elegant. Offers pleasant flavors of cherries, red currants, cola and oak.", 'Though not labeled as such, this thrilling Riesling comes from the Ancient Lakes appellation and brings aromatic notes of peach, orange blossom and pear. It drinks medium-sweet with abundant stone fruit flavors.', 'Though unstated on the label, this is made from Pinot Gris. It seems to be glowing, an almost day-glo shade of orange, and is quite dry, with flavors of pine needles and watermelon. END
START HERE Though not labeled as such, this thrilling Riesling comes from the Ancient Lakes appellation and brings aromatic notes of peach, orange blossom and pear. It drinks medium-sweet with abundant stone fruit flavors.', 'Though unstated on the label, this is made from Pinot Gris. It seems to be glowing, an almost day-glo shade of orange, and is quite dry, with flavors of pine needles and watermelon.', "Light, fruity and sweet, this is classic Rosé d'Anjou. Bright strawberry fruits are softly linked with a crisp texture and acidity to finish. END
START HERE Though unstated on the label, this is made from Pinot Gris. It seems to be glowing, an almost day-glo shade of orange, and is quite dry, with flavors of pine needles and watermelon.', "Light, fruity and sweet, this is classic Rosé d'Anjou. Bright strawberry fruits are softly linked with a crisp texture and acidity to finish.", 'Smells a little funky, with a meaty, raw beef aroma on top of scents of green apples. Tastes thin and watery, with a suggested of appley citrus fruit flavor. The finish turns tart and dry. END
START HERE Light, fruity and sweet, this is classic Rosé d'Anjou. Bright strawberry fruits are softly linked with a crisp texture and acidity to finish.", 'Smells a little funky, with a meaty, raw beef aroma on top of scents of green apples. Tastes thin and watery, with a suggested of appley citrus fruit flavor. The finish turns tart and dry.', 'This medium-bodied red has a dark, inky color. It smells smoky, and offers flavors that are simple, grapy and very oaky. The texture is quite tannic. END
START HERE Smells a little funky, with a meaty, raw beef aroma on top of scents of green apples. Tastes thin and watery, with a suggested of appley citrus fruit flavor. The finish turns tart and dry.', 'This medium-bodied red has a dark, inky color. It smells smoky, and offers flavors that are simple, grapy and very oaky. The texture is quite tannic.', 'Juicy, jammy, tasting of red licorice and bright blackberry fruit, with dusty undertones and a bite of coffee on the finish, this is a good-value Zinfandel from old Lodi vines. END
START HERE This medium-bodied red has a dark, inky color. It smells smoky, and offers flavors that are simple, grapy and very oaky. The texture is quite tannic.', 'Juicy, jammy, tasting of red licorice and bright blackberry fruit, with dusty undertones and a bite of coffee on the finish, this is a good-value Zinfandel from old Lodi vines.', 'Produced from organically grown grapes, this is a ripe, easy and fruity wine. It has light tannins, juicy black-currant fruit and acidity. It is still young, showing off its fruitiness and will be ready to drink soon, from early 2017. END
START HERE Juicy, jammy, tasting of red licorice and bright blackberry fruit, with dusty undertones and a bite of coffee on the finish, this is a good-value Zinfandel from old Lodi vines.', 'Produced from organically grown grapes, this is a ripe, easy and fruity wine. It has light tannins, juicy black-currant fruit and acidity. It is still young, showing off its fruitiness and will be ready to drink soon, from early 2017.', 'Pronounced minerality and fresh, bright fruit are balanced nicely in this stylish wine. A touch of spice adds dimension. Pair with poultry dishes. END
START HERE Produced from organically grown grapes, this is a ripe, easy and fruity wine. It has light tannins, juicy black-currant fruit and acidity. It is still young, showing off its fruitiness and will be ready to drink soon, from early 2017.', 'Pronounced minerality and fresh, bright fruit are balanced nicely in this stylish wine. A touch of spice adds dimension. Pair with poultry dishes.', 'Lovely cassis and jam scents are hampered by some slight musty aromas, which eventually give way to a blast of black licorice. Burnt sugar and cassis dominate the soft, sweetish palate that offers just a bit of grip. The short finish is reminiscent of a raspberry cordial. Drink up. END
START HERE Pronounced minerality and fresh, bright fruit are balanced nicely in this stylish wine. A touch of spice adds dimension. Pair with poultry dishes.', 'Lovely cassis and jam scents are hampered by some slight musty aromas, which eventually give way to a blast of black licorice. Burnt sugar and cassis dominate the soft, sweetish palate that offers just a bit of grip. The short finish is reminiscent of a raspberry cordial. Drink up.', 'Full dark berry aromas and flavors and classic pepper accents mark this very likeable wine. Cocoa and meaty elements add a bit of complexity not necessarily expected at this price. Kept lively by its brisk, but not sharp acidity, it finishes peppery with a tart-sweet profile.  This straightforward, delicious wine exemplifies how competitive California can still be, despite the trend to priciness. END
START HERE Lovely cassis and jam scents are hampered by some slight musty aromas, which eventually give way to a blast of black licorice. Burnt sugar and cassis dominate the soft, sweetish palate that offers just a bit of grip. The short finish is reminiscent of a raspberry cordial. Drink up.', 'Full dark berry aromas and flavors and classic pepper accents mark this very likeable wine. Cocoa and meaty elements add a bit of complexity not necessarily expected at this price. Kept lively by its brisk, but not sharp acidity, it finishes peppery with a tart-sweet profile.  This straightforward, delicious wine exemplifies how competitive California can still be, despite the trend to priciness.', "Charred, blackened aromas of mint, licorice and burnt tire overshadow the wine's black-fruit components. This feels thick and dense, with chewy weight. Medicinal, herbal flavors of black fruits are peppery and a bit green, while mint and cough drop notes control the finish of this 85% Garnacha Tintorera and 15% Monastrell blend. END
START HERE Full dark berry aromas and flavors and classic pepper accents mark this very likeable wine. Cocoa and meaty elements add a bit of complexity not necessarily expected at this price. Kept lively by its brisk, but not sharp acidity, it finishes peppery with a tart-sweet profile.  This straightforward, delicious wine exemplifies how competitive California can still be, despite the trend to priciness.', "Charred, blackened aromas of mint, licorice and burnt tire overshadow the wine's black-fruit components. This feels thick and dense, with chewy weight. Medicinal, herbal flavors of black fruits are peppery and a bit green, while mint and cough drop notes control the finish of this 85% Garnacha Tintorera and 15% Monastrell blend.", "Dark in color, this delivers black fruit aromas along with a toasty note. While it's slightly hollow in the middle, it's wide around the edges, tasting of mossy blackberry and herb. The finish is toasty, big and grabby. END
START HERE Charred, blackened aromas of mint, licorice and burnt tire overshadow the wine's black-fruit components. This feels thick and dense, with chewy weight. Medicinal, herbal flavors of black fruits are peppery and a bit green, while mint and cough drop notes control the finish of this 85% Garnacha Tintorera and 15% Monastrell blend.", "Dark in color, this delivers black fruit aromas along with a toasty note. While it's slightly hollow in the middle, it's wide around the edges, tasting of mossy blackberry and herb. The finish is toasty, big and grabby.", 'Light and fruity, this wine has blackberry flavors to balance its soft texture and dusty tannins. The wine has an earthy edge to go with its simple fruit and lively acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE Dark in color, this delivers black fruit aromas along with a toasty note. While it's slightly hollow in the middle, it's wide around the edges, tasting of mossy blackberry and herb. The finish is toasty, big and grabby.", 'Light and fruity, this wine has blackberry flavors to balance its soft texture and dusty tannins. The wine has an earthy edge to go with its simple fruit and lively acidity. Drink now.', "Basic aromas are low on fruit. This has a cutting, citric feel that's centered around juicy acidity. Sour grapefruit and tangerine flavors end with lasting citric acidity. END
START HERE Light and fruity, this wine has blackberry flavors to balance its soft texture and dusty tannins. The wine has an earthy edge to go with its simple fruit and lively acidity. Drink now.', "Basic aromas are low on fruit. This has a cutting, citric feel that's centered around juicy acidity. Sour grapefruit and tangerine flavors end with lasting citric acidity.", 'Some raspberry fruit in the aroma, but things turn rapidly earthy and herbal, suggesting dried tomato, rhubarb and oregano. The flavors are simple and uninspiring. Soft, mild, rustic and thin are other words that come to mind. END
START HERE Basic aromas are low on fruit. This has a cutting, citric feel that's centered around juicy acidity. Sour grapefruit and tangerine flavors end with lasting citric acidity.", 'Some raspberry fruit in the aroma, but things turn rapidly earthy and herbal, suggesting dried tomato, rhubarb and oregano. The flavors are simple and uninspiring. Soft, mild, rustic and thin are other words that come to mind.', 'This is a ripe, red fruit and caramel flavored wine. With its strawberry flavor, balanced acidity and touch of spice, it is soft and rounded yet finishes with a fresh touch. END
START HERE Some raspberry fruit in the aroma, but things turn rapidly earthy and herbal, suggesting dried tomato, rhubarb and oregano. The flavors are simple and uninspiring. Soft, mild, rustic and thin are other words that come to mind.', 'This is a ripe, red fruit and caramel flavored wine. With its strawberry flavor, balanced acidity and touch of spice, it is soft and rounded yet finishes with a fresh touch.', 'Narrow, feline aromas and gritty citrus scents define the nose on this lean wine. Orange, lime and lettuce flavors finish mild, with angularity and a lasting twang. END
START HERE This is a ripe, red fruit and caramel flavored wine. With its strawberry flavor, balanced acidity and touch of spice, it is soft and rounded yet finishes with a fresh touch.', 'Narrow, feline aromas and gritty citrus scents define the nose on this lean wine. Orange, lime and lettuce flavors finish mild, with angularity and a lasting twang.', 'Jammy and fruit forward, this has intense notes of strawberry, blueberry and plum flesh throughout. The lively palate is bright and juicy, ending with an easy, mouthwatering finish. Mevushal. END
START HERE Narrow, feline aromas and gritty citrus scents define the nose on this lean wine. Orange, lime and lettuce flavors finish mild, with angularity and a lasting twang.', 'Jammy and fruit forward, this has intense notes of strawberry, blueberry and plum flesh throughout. The lively palate is bright and juicy, ending with an easy, mouthwatering finish. Mevushal.', 'In this plush pillow of a wine, smoothness and easy drinkability come along with medium body, soft tannins, not too much crispness and just-ripe-enough flavors. END
START HERE Jammy and fruit forward, this has intense notes of strawberry, blueberry and plum flesh throughout. The lively palate is bright and juicy, ending with an easy, mouthwatering finish. Mevushal.', 'In this plush pillow of a wine, smoothness and easy drinkability come along with medium body, soft tannins, not too much crispness and just-ripe-enough flavors.', "Vanilla and maple aromas lead to overtly fruity red cherry flavors with a touch of sweetness and a soft texture. It's pleasant to drink for those looking for a soft touch, with very mild acidity and no tannin to speak of. END
START HERE In this plush pillow of a wine, smoothness and easy drinkability come along with medium body, soft tannins, not too much crispness and just-ripe-enough flavors.', "Vanilla and maple aromas lead to overtly fruity red cherry flavors with a touch of sweetness and a soft texture. It's pleasant to drink for those looking for a soft touch, with very mild acidity and no tannin to speak of.", "This aromatically unusual wine features notes of peppermint, honeycomb and apricot. It's front loaded in feel, pulling up short on the back half. END
START HERE Vanilla and maple aromas lead to overtly fruity red cherry flavors with a touch of sweetness and a soft texture. It's pleasant to drink for those looking for a soft touch, with very mild acidity and no tannin to speak of.", "This aromatically unusual wine features notes of peppermint, honeycomb and apricot. It's front loaded in feel, pulling up short on the back half.", 'Get through the dirty nose and there is plenty of red fruit and acidity. The wine is dry and fruity but spoiled by that rustic edge at the beginning. END
START HERE This aromatically unusual wine features notes of peppermint, honeycomb and apricot. It's front loaded in feel, pulling up short on the back half.", 'Get through the dirty nose and there is plenty of red fruit and acidity. The wine is dry and fruity but spoiled by that rustic edge at the beginning.', 'With its fresh black-currant fruits and ever-present acidity, this is a wine that sums up the vintage. The tannins are there, giving a sense of dryness to this fragrant wine. On the finish, there is also an attractive juiciness. END
START HERE Get through the dirty nose and there is plenty of red fruit and acidity. The wine is dry and fruity but spoiled by that rustic edge at the beginning.', 'With its fresh black-currant fruits and ever-present acidity, this is a wine that sums up the vintage. The tannins are there, giving a sense of dryness to this fragrant wine. On the finish, there is also an attractive juiciness.', 'This smells taut, lean and crisp, while the mouthfeel is moderately rich, with mild flavors of pear and melon to fill it out. This wine is not a solo star but a good supporting player for lunch, wine time, or a first course at dinner, especially considering the price. END
START HERE With its fresh black-currant fruits and ever-present acidity, this is a wine that sums up the vintage. The tannins are there, giving a sense of dryness to this fragrant wine. On the finish, there is also an attractive juiciness.', 'This smells taut, lean and crisp, while the mouthfeel is moderately rich, with mild flavors of pear and melon to fill it out. This wine is not a solo star but a good supporting player for lunch, wine time, or a first course at dinner, especially considering the price.', 'A light and fruity wine that is deliciously crisp with raspberry flavors and is nicely cut with acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE This smells taut, lean and crisp, while the mouthfeel is moderately rich, with mild flavors of pear and melon to fill it out. This wine is not a solo star but a good supporting player for lunch, wine time, or a first course at dinner, especially considering the price.', 'A light and fruity wine that is deliciously crisp with raspberry flavors and is nicely cut with acidity. Drink now.', 'Initially austere, this wine is driven by notes of bitter chocolate and lean fruit. The fruit weight promises some attractive aging, but for the present, it is firm, dry and solidly tannic. END
START HERE A light and fruity wine that is deliciously crisp with raspberry flavors and is nicely cut with acidity. Drink now.', 'Initially austere, this wine is driven by notes of bitter chocolate and lean fruit. The fruit weight promises some attractive aging, but for the present, it is firm, dry and solidly tannic.', "This wine, like so many from the 1998 vintage in Chile, is very light in texture and displays little depth. The flavors are accurate for a claret—mild berry and a touch of earth—and there's even a decent finish. A light quaff; don't expect weight. END
START HERE Initially austere, this wine is driven by notes of bitter chocolate and lean fruit. The fruit weight promises some attractive aging, but for the present, it is firm, dry and solidly tannic.', "This wine, like so many from the 1998 vintage in Chile, is very light in texture and displays little depth. The flavors are accurate for a claret—mild berry and a touch of earth—and there's even a decent finish. A light quaff; don't expect weight.", "Here's a nice everyday drinking wine with some real richness from ripe Chardonnay grapes and a touch of toasty oak. It will satisfy that craving for apple and peach-flavored fruit. Dry and spicy, with the creamy texture of a good wine, but it won't break the bank. END
START HERE This wine, like so many from the 1998 vintage in Chile, is very light in texture and displays little depth. The flavors are accurate for a claret—mild berry and a touch of earth—and there's even a decent finish. A light quaff; don't expect weight.", "Here's a nice everyday drinking wine with some real richness from ripe Chardonnay grapes and a touch of toasty oak. It will satisfy that craving for apple and peach-flavored fruit. Dry and spicy, with the creamy texture of a good wine, but it won't break the bank.", 'A soft, round quaffer filled with warmth. Slightly cooked berries are tinged with a hint of wood and dusty earth flavors. END
START HERE Here's a nice everyday drinking wine with some real richness from ripe Chardonnay grapes and a touch of toasty oak. It will satisfy that craving for apple and peach-flavored fruit. Dry and spicy, with the creamy texture of a good wine, but it won't break the bank.", 'A soft, round quaffer filled with warmth. Slightly cooked berries are tinged with a hint of wood and dusty earth flavors', 'A bit rough and edgy, but for the price, you get a pretty nice glassful of wine. This dry Cab offers rich black currant, blackberry, mulberry and cedar flavors. END
START HERE A soft, round quaffer filled with warmth. Slightly cooked berries are tinged with a hint of wood and dusty earth flavors', 'A bit rough and edgy, but for the price, you get a pretty nice glassful of wine. This dry Cab offers rich black currant, blackberry, mulberry and cedar flavors.', 'Ripe and structured, this is a concentrated wine. Its blackberry fruits are powerful and dense with tannins as well as acidity. It will take some time for the juiciness to really show, so wait until late 2018. END
START HERE A bit rough and edgy, but for the price, you get a pretty nice glassful of wine. This dry Cab offers rich black currant, blackberry, mulberry and cedar flavors.', 'Ripe and structured, this is a concentrated wine. Its blackberry fruits are powerful and dense with tannins as well as acidity. It will take some time for the juiciness to really show, so wait until late 2018.', "A light, earthy wine, with violet, berry and tea flavors and a sharp, herbal note verging on grassiness or wet hay. It's very dry and the tannins are soft, but crisp acidity keeps it lively in the mouth. END
START HERE Ripe and structured, this is a concentrated wine. Its blackberry fruits are powerful and dense with tannins as well as acidity. It will take some time for the juiciness to really show, so wait until late 2018.', "A light, earthy wine, with violet, berry and tea flavors and a sharp, herbal note verging on grassiness or wet hay. It's very dry and the tannins are soft, but crisp acidity keeps it lively in the mouth.", 'This orange-colored rosado offers aromas of peach flesh, peach pit and sea shell. Dry, pithy, mildly bitter flavors of citrus and stone fruits end pithy. Contains 25% white Viura. END
START HERE A light, earthy wine, with violet, berry and tea flavors and a sharp, herbal note verging on grassiness or wet hay. It's very dry and the tannins are soft, but crisp acidity keeps it lively in the mouth.", 'This orange-colored rosado offers aromas of peach flesh, peach pit and sea shell. Dry, pithy, mildly bitter flavors of citrus and stone fruits end pithy. Contains 25% white Viura.', 'A slightly volatile nose hints at ripeness but does not suggest much fruit. The off-dry palate rounds out flavors and adds a hint of strawberry to a tart lemon core. The body is light and slightly diffuse. Drink soon. END
START HERE This orange-colored rosado offers aromas of peach flesh, peach pit and sea shell. Dry, pithy, mildly bitter flavors of citrus and stone fruits end pithy. Contains 25% white Viura.', 'A slightly volatile nose hints at ripeness but does not suggest much fruit. The off-dry palate rounds out flavors and adds a hint of strawberry to a tart lemon core. The body is light and slightly diffuse. Drink soon.', 'Distinct aromas of wood grain and pine crowd out any fruit scents. This feels somewhat flat, with resiny oak flavors resting on top of melony notes. A second wave of wood spice controls the finish. END
START HERE A slightly volatile nose hints at ripeness but does not suggest much fruit. The off-dry palate rounds out flavors and adds a hint of strawberry to a tart lemon core. The body is light and slightly diffuse. Drink soon.', 'Distinct aromas of wood grain and pine crowd out any fruit scents. This feels somewhat flat, with resiny oak flavors resting on top of melony notes. A second wave of wood spice controls the finish.', 'A mix of melon, tropical fruit and passion fruit aromas lead to a tight palate with just enough body weight to not be austere. Flavors of white pepper, citrus and celery are modest on the finish, which tastes briny. END
START HERE Distinct aromas of wood grain and pine crowd out any fruit scents. This feels somewhat flat, with resiny oak flavors resting on top of melony notes. A second wave of wood spice controls the finish.', 'A mix of melon, tropical fruit and passion fruit aromas lead to a tight palate with just enough body weight to not be austere. Flavors of white pepper, citrus and celery are modest on the finish, which tastes briny.', "The price isn't bad for this Chardonnay. It's creamy and dry, with buttered toast, pineapple, golden mango and peach jam flavors, and there's a great burst of palate-stimulating acidity. END
START HERE A mix of melon, tropical fruit and passion fruit aromas lead to a tight palate with just enough body weight to not be austere. Flavors of white pepper, citrus and celery are modest on the finish, which tastes briny.', "The price isn't bad for this Chardonnay. It's creamy and dry, with buttered toast, pineapple, golden mango and peach jam flavors, and there's a great burst of palate-stimulating acidity.", "This is a fulfilling unoaked, organic wine from Chile's cool Casablanca Valley. This quaffable Chard focuses on pure citrus, grapefruit and peach flavors. There's a touch of natural sweetness but with no oak there's no butter, fat or flab. Breaks the mold and opens the door to a whole other style of Chardonnay. END
START HERE The price isn't bad for this Chardonnay. It's creamy and dry, with buttered toast, pineapple, golden mango and peach jam flavors, and there's a great burst of palate-stimulating acidity.", "This is a fulfilling unoaked, organic wine from Chile's cool Casablanca Valley. This quaffable Chard focuses on pure citrus, grapefruit and peach flavors. There's a touch of natural sweetness but with no oak there's no butter, fat or flab. Breaks the mold and opens the door to a whole other style of Chardonnay.", 'Aromas of tire rubber, plum and spice are followed sweet currant and cranberry flavors. The tannins bring some grit. END
START HERE This is a fulfilling unoaked, organic wine from Chile's cool Casablanca Valley. This quaffable Chard focuses on pure citrus, grapefruit and peach flavors. There's a touch of natural sweetness but with no oak there's no butter, fat or flab. Breaks the mold and opens the door to a whole other style of Chardonnay.", 'Aromas of tire rubber, plum and spice are followed sweet currant and cranberry flavors. The tannins bring some grit.', 'Spice and dusty fruit aromas are equalized by saucy, funky, leafy notes. This is full in the mouth, with flavors of brown sugar, baking spices and baked cherry. This finishes with mild spice and oak flavors. END
START HERE Aromas of tire rubber, plum and spice are followed sweet currant and cranberry flavors. The tannins bring some grit.', 'Spice and dusty fruit aromas are equalized by saucy, funky, leafy notes. This is full in the mouth, with flavors of brown sugar, baking spices and baked cherry. This finishes with mild spice and oak flavors.', "Creamy and lush, with pure peach and pear aromas along with nice vanilla accents. The palate is fairly rich and layered, but it's also properly acidic and, therefore, well balanced. The flavors of pear and butter seem on the money, and the finish is solid and of moderate length. All in all, this is a very good Chardonnay with no overt faults. END
START HERE Spice and dusty fruit aromas are equalized by saucy, funky, leafy notes. This is full in the mouth, with flavors of brown sugar, baking spices and baked cherry. This finishes with mild spice and oak flavors.', "Creamy and lush, with pure peach and pear aromas along with nice vanilla accents. The palate is fairly rich and layered, but it's also properly acidic and, therefore, well balanced. The flavors of pear and butter seem on the money, and the finish is solid and of moderate length. All in all, this is a very good Chardonnay with no overt faults.", 'Light cinnamon and sugar aromas, and fresh, fruity and lightly sweet flavors make this wine easy on the palate. The texture is soft. END
START HERE Creamy and lush, with pure peach and pear aromas along with nice vanilla accents. The palate is fairly rich and layered, but it's also properly acidic and, therefore, well balanced. The flavors of pear and butter seem on the money, and the finish is solid and of moderate length. All in all, this is a very good Chardonnay with no overt faults.", 'Light cinnamon and sugar aromas, and fresh, fruity and lightly sweet flavors make this wine easy on the palate. The texture is soft.', 'Dry and silky, this is a nice wine for everyday fare. It has pleasant flavors of cherries, cola and sandalwood, brightened by pretty acidity. END
START HERE Light cinnamon and sugar aromas, and fresh, fruity and lightly sweet flavors make this wine easy on the palate. The texture is soft.', 'Dry and silky, this is a nice wine for everyday fare. It has pleasant flavors of cherries, cola and sandalwood, brightened by pretty acidity.', 'This young, purple-colored wine has young fruit to match. It offers stalky red plum and blueberry flavors, light acidity and a fresh character. It is ready to drink. END
START HERE Dry and silky, this is a nice wine for everyday fare. It has pleasant flavors of cherries, cola and sandalwood, brightened by pretty acidity.', 'This young, purple-colored wine has young fruit to match. It offers stalky red plum and blueberry flavors, light acidity and a fresh character. It is ready to drink.', 'Simple, bright and genuine, this Cabernet Sauvignon offers layers of blackberry, leather and prune. END
START HERE This young, purple-colored wine has young fruit to match. It offers stalky red plum and blueberry flavors, light acidity and a fresh character. It is ready to drink.', 'Simple, bright and genuine, this Cabernet Sauvignon offers layers of blackberry, leather and prune.', "A common nose of apple, mild toast and baked corn is about what you'd expect from this brand and Chile. Like its cousin called Cefiro (from Viña Casablanca), it's geared toward apple, spice and vanilla. Not overoaked or forced; good but basic. END
START HERE Simple, bright and genuine, this Cabernet Sauvignon offers layers of blackberry, leather and prune.', "A common nose of apple, mild toast and baked corn is about what you'd expect from this brand and Chile. Like its cousin called Cefiro (from Viña Casablanca), it's geared toward apple, spice and vanilla. Not overoaked or forced; good but basic.", "A good everyday Merlot that's dry and softly tannic, with pleasant cherry, cola and spice flavors. END
START HERE A common nose of apple, mild toast and baked corn is about what you'd expect from this brand and Chile. Like its cousin called Cefiro (from Viña Casablanca), it's geared toward apple, spice and vanilla. Not overoaked or forced; good but basic.", "A good everyday Merlot that's dry and softly tannic, with pleasant cherry, cola and spice flavors.", "It's a bit simple and a bit soft, but this value-priced wine accomplishes its mission of bringing authentic Marlborough SB flavor to the U.S. at an affordable price. Gooseberry and lime flavors are touched with hints of honey and mint, finishing with a bit of sweetness. END
START HERE A good everyday Merlot that's dry and softly tannic, with pleasant cherry, cola and spice flavors.", "It's a bit simple and a bit soft, but this value-priced wine accomplishes its mission of bringing authentic Marlborough SB flavor to the U.S. at an affordable price. Gooseberry and lime flavors are touched with hints of honey and mint, finishing with a bit of sweetness.", 'Peach pit and apricot aromas are subdued. The palate is pulpy and fruity, with a light cut of acidity. Pithy flavors of orange and quince end with minor notes of bitterness and greens. END
START HERE It's a bit simple and a bit soft, but this value-priced wine accomplishes its mission of bringing authentic Marlborough SB flavor to the U.S. at an affordable price. Gooseberry and lime flavors are touched with hints of honey and mint, finishing with a bit of sweetness.", 'Peach pit and apricot aromas are subdued. The palate is pulpy and fruity, with a light cut of acidity. Pithy flavors of orange and quince end with minor notes of bitterness and greens.', 'This winery is part of the Santa Carolina group, and the Cefiro Chardonnay is toasted and mildly buttery and baked, with spiced apple and mild citrus flavors. The palate is basic but controlled, with a toasty, vanilla-tinged finish. Standard and familiar, but well executed. END
START HERE Peach pit and apricot aromas are subdued. The palate is pulpy and fruity, with a light cut of acidity. Pithy flavors of orange and quince end with minor notes of bitterness and greens.', 'This winery is part of the Santa Carolina group, and the Cefiro Chardonnay is toasted and mildly buttery and baked, with spiced apple and mild citrus flavors. The palate is basic but controlled, with a toasty, vanilla-tinged finish. Standard and familiar, but well executed.', 'Dry, lightly herbal aromas of spicy raspberry and currant precede a tomatoey palate with bright acidity and modest weight. Short, spicy flavors of tomato and plum finish simply, without much flavor or force. END
START HERE This winery is part of the Santa Carolina group, and the Cefiro Chardonnay is toasted and mildly buttery and baked, with spiced apple and mild citrus flavors. The palate is basic but controlled, with a toasty, vanilla-tinged finish. Standard and familiar, but well executed.', 'Dry, lightly herbal aromas of spicy raspberry and currant precede a tomatoey palate with bright acidity and modest weight. Short, spicy flavors of tomato and plum finish simply, without much flavor or force.', 'Opens with a mix of minerality, citrus and powdery white fruit scents. The palate packs tang and zest, while the flavors of green apple and lemon are lean, crisp and citric through the finish. Fresh but a little sharp and monotone. END
START HERE Dry, lightly herbal aromas of spicy raspberry and currant precede a tomatoey palate with bright acidity and modest weight. Short, spicy flavors of tomato and plum finish simply, without much flavor or force.', 'Opens with a mix of minerality, citrus and powdery white fruit scents. The palate packs tang and zest, while the flavors of green apple and lemon are lean, crisp and citric through the finish. Fresh but a little sharp and monotone.', 'The tomato and plum aromas in this Garnacha blend are a bit soupy. Its chunky palate is heavy with generic berry fruit and a touch of oxidation. A solid, middle-of-the-road pour. END
START HERE Opens with a mix of minerality, citrus and powdery white fruit scents. The palate packs tang and zest, while the flavors of green apple and lemon are lean, crisp and citric through the finish. Fresh but a little sharp and monotone.', 'The tomato and plum aromas in this Garnacha blend are a bit soupy. Its chunky palate is heavy with generic berry fruit and a touch of oxidation. A solid, middle-of-the-road pour.', 'This wine is light straw-colored, with aromas of lemon blossom, lemongrass and freshly cut lawn. Flavors of peach, passion fruit and melon finish with a touch of residual sweetness. END
START HERE The tomato and plum aromas in this Garnacha blend are a bit soupy. Its chunky palate is heavy with generic berry fruit and a touch of oxidation. A solid, middle-of-the-road pour.', 'This wine is light straw-colored, with aromas of lemon blossom, lemongrass and freshly cut lawn. Flavors of peach, passion fruit and melon finish with a touch of residual sweetness.', 'Wilting white flowers, tangerine and jasmine aromas are followed by light but sweet fruit flavors, with the sugar providing much of the appeal. END
START HERE This wine is light straw-colored, with aromas of lemon blossom, lemongrass and freshly cut lawn. Flavors of peach, passion fruit and melon finish with a touch of residual sweetness.', 'Wilting white flowers, tangerine and jasmine aromas are followed by light but sweet fruit flavors, with the sugar providing much of the appeal.', 'Full-bodied in apple and pineapple aromas at first, this Chardonnay with 5% Viognier blended in veers into marshmallow sweetness with a fatty finish. END
START HERE Wilting white flowers, tangerine and jasmine aromas are followed by light but sweet fruit flavors, with the sugar providing much of the appeal.', 'Full-bodied in apple and pineapple aromas at first, this Chardonnay with 5% Viognier blended in veers into marshmallow sweetness with a fatty finish.', 'These vineyards seem to have been selected for unripe, vegetal grapes. Just manages to scrape by with a veneer of cherries. END
START HERE Full-bodied in apple and pineapple aromas at first, this Chardonnay with 5% Viognier blended in veers into marshmallow sweetness with a fatty finish.', 'These vineyards seem to have been selected for unripe, vegetal grapes. Just manages to scrape by with a veneer of cherries.', "Briny saltwater aromas dominate a mild mostly fruitless nose. This feels basic and round, with a lemony streak. Mild nectarine flavors don't amount to much, while this is simple and generic on the finish. END
START HERE These vineyards seem to have been selected for unripe, vegetal grapes. Just manages to scrape by with a veneer of cherries.', "Briny saltwater aromas dominate a mild mostly fruitless nose. This feels basic and round, with a lemony streak. Mild nectarine flavors don't amount to much, while this is simple and generic on the finish.", "While it's dry and acidic, it has a coarseness that's unforgiving. END
START HERE Briny saltwater aromas dominate a mild mostly fruitless nose. This feels basic and round, with a lemony streak. Mild nectarine flavors don't amount to much, while this is simple and generic on the finish.", "While it's dry and acidic, it has a coarseness that's unforgiving.", 'This wine has all the necessary smoothness, plus deep plum and cherry flavors and touches of spicy oak, too. The texture feels layered and the fruit components are vivid and tasty. It all comes together gracefully on the palate and the finish. END
START HERE While it's dry and acidic, it has a coarseness that's unforgiving.", 'This wine has all the necessary smoothness, plus deep plum and cherry flavors and touches of spicy oak, too. The texture feels layered and the fruit components are vivid and tasty. It all comes together gracefully on the palate and the finish.', 'Neutral smelling, with mild apple and briney aromas. Feels heavy, flat and on the thick side, with average flavors of melon but little to no citrus or smack. Melony, soft and bitter on the finish. END
START HERE This wine has all the necessary smoothness, plus deep plum and cherry flavors and touches of spicy oak, too. The texture feels layered and the fruit components are vivid and tasty. It all comes together gracefully on the palate and the finish.', 'Neutral smelling, with mild apple and briney aromas. Feels heavy, flat and on the thick side, with average flavors of melon but little to no citrus or smack. Melony, soft and bitter on the finish.', "There's quite a showy, fragrant nose on this widely available bottling, with apple blossoms, tuberose and a touch of quinine. The palate also takes on a gin-and-tonic character, powered by lime juice, white peach and botanical notes. END
START HERE Neutral smelling, with mild apple and briney aromas. Feels heavy, flat and on the thick side, with average flavors of melon but little to no citrus or smack. Melony, soft and bitter on the finish.', "There's quite a showy, fragrant nose on this widely available bottling, with apple blossoms, tuberose and a touch of quinine. The palate also takes on a gin-and-tonic character, powered by lime juice, white peach and botanical notes.", 'Dry, tart and simple, this has a flavor of sour cherry candy. A fine wine for pouring at big parties. END
START HERE There's quite a showy, fragrant nose on this widely available bottling, with apple blossoms, tuberose and a touch of quinine. The palate also takes on a gin-and-tonic character, powered by lime juice, white peach and botanical notes.", 'Dry, tart and simple, this has a flavor of sour cherry candy. A fine wine for pouring at big parties.', "There's no oak influence to be found on this wine with its notes of plum, green pepper and raspberry. It's off dry, with chalky tannins. END
START HERE Dry, tart and simple, this has a flavor of sour cherry candy. A fine wine for pouring at big parties.', "There's no oak influence to be found on this wine with its notes of plum, green pepper and raspberry. It's off dry, with chalky tannins.", "Generic Chardonnay but still pretty good, with oily, nutty, tropical aromas followed by a zesty, acidic palate that loads up on apple and citrusy orange-like flavors. Shows good length and clarity on the finish, and overall it outperforms the winery's so-called “reserva” Chard from the same year. END
START HERE There's no oak influence to be found on this wine with its notes of plum, green pepper and raspberry. It's off dry, with chalky tannins.", "Generic Chardonnay but still pretty good, with oily, nutty, tropical aromas followed by a zesty, acidic palate that loads up on apple and citrusy orange-like flavors. Shows good length and clarity on the finish, and overall it outperforms the winery's so-called “reserva” Chard from the same year.", "Kind of brown, which makes sense seeing that it's an older 2008 model. The nose shows sweet peach and mango aromas, and some oxidization. The palate is drying and short, with bitter-tinged peach and citrus flavors. Flat and dry on the finish. END
START HERE Generic Chardonnay but still pretty good, with oily, nutty, tropical aromas followed by a zesty, acidic palate that loads up on apple and citrusy orange-like flavors. Shows good length and clarity on the finish, and overall it outperforms the winery's so-called “reserva” Chard from the same year.", "Kind of brown, which makes sense seeing that it's an older 2008 model. The nose shows sweet peach and mango aromas, and some oxidization. The palate is drying and short, with bitter-tinged peach and citrus flavors. Flat and dry on the finish.", 'Sweet aromas of berry pastry and black licorice are moderately convincing, while the palate is reduced and chunky, with thick but dull prune and roasted berry flavors. The finish is more of the same: baked fruit flavors and sweet. END
START HERE Kind of brown, which makes sense seeing that it's an older 2008 model. The nose shows sweet peach and mango aromas, and some oxidization. The palate is drying and short, with bitter-tinged peach and citrus flavors. Flat and dry on the finish.", 'Sweet aromas of berry pastry and black licorice are moderately convincing, while the palate is reduced and chunky, with thick but dull prune and roasted berry flavors. The finish is more of the same: baked fruit flavors and sweet.', 'Small amounts of Riesling, Viognier, and Gewürztraminer (3% each) considerably boost the aromas giving notes of peach, dried pineapple and flowers. Coming from the cool 2011 vintage, the flavors are light in style with a lemony lick on the finish. END
START HERE Sweet aromas of berry pastry and black licorice are moderately convincing, while the palate is reduced and chunky, with thick but dull prune and roasted berry flavors. The finish is more of the same: baked fruit flavors and sweet.', 'Small amounts of Riesling, Viognier, and Gewürztraminer (3% each) considerably boost the aromas giving notes of peach, dried pineapple and flowers. Coming from the cool 2011 vintage, the flavors are light in style with a lemony lick on the finish.', 'Rather sweet and medicinal; the wine comes into form on the palate, which is fairly bright and forward as it pushes raspberry and cherry flavors. Acidity is on the high side, so the feel and finish have some burn. Could use some pizza or meat to help it along. END
START HERE Small amounts of Riesling, Viognier, and Gewürztraminer (3% each) considerably boost the aromas giving notes of peach, dried pineapple and flowers. Coming from the cool 2011 vintage, the flavors are light in style with a lemony lick on the finish.', 'Rather sweet and medicinal; the wine comes into form on the palate, which is fairly bright and forward as it pushes raspberry and cherry flavors. Acidity is on the high side, so the feel and finish have some burn. Could use some pizza or meat to help it along.', "This is a good bargain for a varietal that's very difficult to make inexpensively. Whiffs of wood smoke meet ripe concentrated black-cherry flavors in this full-bodied smooth-textured wine. It has moderate fine-grained tannins for grip and a lingering spice and smoke finish. END
START HERE Rather sweet and medicinal; the wine comes into form on the palate, which is fairly bright and forward as it pushes raspberry and cherry flavors. Acidity is on the high side, so the feel and finish have some burn. Could use some pizza or meat to help it along.', "This is a good bargain for a varietal that's very difficult to make inexpensively. Whiffs of wood smoke meet ripe concentrated black-cherry flavors in this full-bodied smooth-textured wine. It has moderate fine-grained tannins for grip and a lingering spice and smoke finish.", 'The nose on this strange Cabernet is mostly about cinnamon and funky smelling fruit. This feels flat, with gum drop flavors that end in a grabby, cloying finish. END
START HERE This is a good bargain for a varietal that's very difficult to make inexpensively. Whiffs of wood smoke meet ripe concentrated black-cherry flavors in this full-bodied smooth-textured wine. It has moderate fine-grained tannins for grip and a lingering spice and smoke finish.", 'The nose on this strange Cabernet is mostly about cinnamon and funky smelling fruit. This feels flat, with gum drop flavors that end in a grabby, cloying finish.', "With a suggestion of New Zealand-style grass, this is a widely distributed Sauvignon Blanc with layers of racy acidity that's all in all snappy and cleanly linear. The taste is mostly grapefruit rind, crisply rendered. A great wine to have on hand for large gatherings. END
START HERE The nose on this strange Cabernet is mostly about cinnamon and funky smelling fruit. This feels flat, with gum drop flavors that end in a grabby, cloying finish.', "With a suggestion of New Zealand-style grass, this is a widely distributed Sauvignon Blanc with layers of racy acidity that's all in all snappy and cleanly linear. The taste is mostly grapefruit rind, crisply rendered. A great wine to have on hand for large gatherings.", 'Shows plenty of lush, ripe fruit, wrapped in soft tannins and balanced with crisp acids. The forward black cherry, red licorice, orange and smoky vanilla flavors are rich, and the price makes it a great value. END
START HERE With a suggestion of New Zealand-style grass, this is a widely distributed Sauvignon Blanc with layers of racy acidity that's all in all snappy and cleanly linear. The taste is mostly grapefruit rind, crisply rendered. A great wine to have on hand for large gatherings.", 'Shows plenty of lush, ripe fruit, wrapped in soft tannins and balanced with crisp acids. The forward black cherry, red licorice, orange and smoky vanilla flavors are rich, and the price makes it a great value.', 'Light and prickly in style, with citrus aromas along with tight cherry and plum scents. Runs lean in the mouth, with short, tart red fruit flavors in front of a crisp, sheer finish. END
START HERE Shows plenty of lush, ripe fruit, wrapped in soft tannins and balanced with crisp acids. The forward black cherry, red licorice, orange and smoky vanilla flavors are rich, and the price makes it a great value.', 'Light and prickly in style, with citrus aromas along with tight cherry and plum scents. Runs lean in the mouth, with short, tart red fruit flavors in front of a crisp, sheer finish.', "This one's heavily about the oak. Comes out with spiced-up, minty aromas. Next up is a full and biting palate with buttery lead flavors followed by bitter black fruit. Flashes by quick on the finish. END
START HERE Light and prickly in style, with citrus aromas along with tight cherry and plum scents. Runs lean in the mouth, with short, tart red fruit flavors in front of a crisp, sheer finish.', "This one's heavily about the oak. Comes out with spiced-up, minty aromas. Next up is a full and biting palate with buttery lead flavors followed by bitter black fruit. Flashes by quick on the finish.", 'A blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah, this rosé gives ripe red fruits that are cut with lively acidity. There is a jammy, caramel-flavored backdrop to this wine that makes it heavy rather than fresh. Drink now. END
START HERE This one's heavily about the oak. Comes out with spiced-up, minty aromas. Next up is a full and biting palate with buttery lead flavors followed by bitter black fruit. Flashes by quick on the finish.", 'A blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah, this rosé gives ripe red fruits that are cut with lively acidity. There is a jammy, caramel-flavored backdrop to this wine that makes it heavy rather than fresh. Drink now.', "Round, nutty and smooth, with melon, citrus and apple flavors. In this wine's case, organic does not equal complexity. That said, what's here is clean and balanced, and there's more than enough fruit and intensity to satisfy. END
START HERE A blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah, this rosé gives ripe red fruits that are cut with lively acidity. There is a jammy, caramel-flavored backdrop to this wine that makes it heavy rather than fresh. Drink now.', "Round, nutty and smooth, with melon, citrus and apple flavors. In this wine's case, organic does not equal complexity. That said, what's here is clean and balanced, and there's more than enough fruit and intensity to satisfy.", 'A smooth, easy-drinking Chardonnay, with mild, understated aromas of green apple and toast, but also sweet tropical fruit flavors and a ripe pineapple-citrus finish that picks up hints of oranges. Best Buy. END
START HERE Round, nutty and smooth, with melon, citrus and apple flavors. In this wine's case, organic does not equal complexity. That said, what's here is clean and balanced, and there's more than enough fruit and intensity to satisfy.", 'A smooth, easy-drinking Chardonnay, with mild, understated aromas of green apple and toast, but also sweet tropical fruit flavors and a ripe pineapple-citrus finish that picks up hints of oranges. Best Buy.', 'A great selection for those seeking an affordable organically grown Merlot. Ripe red berries along with notes of mocha and spearmint unfold on the nose, while red plum and cherry take center stage in the mouth. With solid structure and good balance, this is sure to be a crowd pleaser. END
START HERE A smooth, easy-drinking Chardonnay, with mild, understated aromas of green apple and toast, but also sweet tropical fruit flavors and a ripe pineapple-citrus finish that picks up hints of oranges. Best Buy.', 'A great selection for those seeking an affordable organically grown Merlot. Ripe red berries along with notes of mocha and spearmint unfold on the nose, while red plum and cherry take center stage in the mouth. With solid structure and good balance, this is sure to be a crowd pleaser.', 'Spicy oak and honey offer an alluring start. Great balance combines with a hearty backbone. Friendly but sophisticated, it has diverse pairing potential—lobster, poultry, creamy cheeses. END
START HERE A great selection for those seeking an affordable organically grown Merlot. Ripe red berries along with notes of mocha and spearmint unfold on the nose, while red plum and cherry take center stage in the mouth. With solid structure and good balance, this is sure to be a crowd pleaser.', 'Spicy oak and honey offer an alluring start. Great balance combines with a hearty backbone. Friendly but sophisticated, it has diverse pairing potential—lobster, poultry, creamy cheeses.', 'Tamaya seems to have turned the corner with its 2008 Cabs (the reserva is also very good). This wine is condensed and concentrated, with blackberry jam and other sweet berry aromas. The palate is pure and tastes of cassis and black fruit, while the finish has cola notes and a slight tannic bite. Generous for the price. Imported by Ecovalley Quality Wine Group and National Refrescos Import Company, LLC. END
START HERE Spicy oak and honey offer an alluring start. Great balance combines with a hearty backbone. Friendly but sophisticated, it has diverse pairing potential—lobster, poultry, creamy cheeses.', 'Tamaya seems to have turned the corner with its 2008 Cabs (the reserva is also very good). This wine is condensed and concentrated, with blackberry jam and other sweet berry aromas. The palate is pure and tastes of cassis and black fruit, while the finish has cola notes and a slight tannic bite. Generous for the price. Imported by Ecovalley Quality Wine Group and National Refrescos Import Company, LLC.', 'A balanced Malbec with red fruit aromas and just a touch of aged cheese on the nose. The palate is creamy and slightly candied, with layered black fruit, fig and chocolate flavors. Creamy and candied but lively on the finish, with enough integrity and structure to rank as a Best Buy. END
START HERE Tamaya seems to have turned the corner with its 2008 Cabs (the reserva is also very good). This wine is condensed and concentrated, with blackberry jam and other sweet berry aromas. The palate is pure and tastes of cassis and black fruit, while the finish has cola notes and a slight tannic bite. Generous for the price. Imported by Ecovalley Quality Wine Group and National Refrescos Import Company, LLC.', 'A balanced Malbec with red fruit aromas and just a touch of aged cheese on the nose. The palate is creamy and slightly candied, with layered black fruit, fig and chocolate flavors. Creamy and candied but lively on the finish, with enough integrity and structure to rank as a Best Buy.', "These grapes are sourced from the relatively cooler region of Orange, and it shows in the wine's pear and citrus flavors. Hints of nuts (cashews, perhaps?) add complexity and style not often found in this price range. Crisp and clean on the finish, with refreshing citrus notes. END
START HERE A balanced Malbec with red fruit aromas and just a touch of aged cheese on the nose. The palate is creamy and slightly candied, with layered black fruit, fig and chocolate flavors. Creamy and candied but lively on the finish, with enough integrity and structure to rank as a Best Buy.', "These grapes are sourced from the relatively cooler region of Orange, and it shows in the wine's pear and citrus flavors. Hints of nuts (cashews, perhaps?) add complexity and style not often found in this price range. Crisp and clean on the finish, with refreshing citrus notes.", 'This is a steely, herbal, high-acid Merlot, with pale red fruit flavors of cranberry and currant. Accents of clove and iron are wrapped into stiff, but ripe tannins. Nice structure, ready for steak. END
START HERE These grapes are sourced from the relatively cooler region of Orange, and it shows in the wine's pear and citrus flavors. Hints of nuts (cashews, perhaps?) add complexity and style not often found in this price range. Crisp and clean on the finish, with refreshing citrus notes.", 'This is a steely, herbal, high-acid Merlot, with pale red fruit flavors of cranberry and currant. Accents of clove and iron are wrapped into stiff, but ripe tannins. Nice structure, ready for steak.', 'This youthful pink-colored number smells of dusty cherry and Lifesavers. A juicy palate has a soda-like feel, while flavors of raspberry and cherry are light and dilute across the finish. END
START HERE This is a steely, herbal, high-acid Merlot, with pale red fruit flavors of cranberry and currant. Accents of clove and iron are wrapped into stiff, but ripe tannins. Nice structure, ready for steak.', 'This youthful pink-colored number smells of dusty cherry and Lifesavers. A juicy palate has a soda-like feel, while flavors of raspberry and cherry are light and dilute across the finish.', "Saucy, spicy berry aromas are earthy. This has a fleshy, jammy mouthfeel and flavors of blueberry, cassis and blackberry. A dry, spicy, lightly herbal finish confirms the wine's above-average status. END
START HERE This youthful pink-colored number smells of dusty cherry and Lifesavers. A juicy palate has a soda-like feel, while flavors of raspberry and cherry are light and dilute across the finish.', "Saucy, spicy berry aromas are earthy. This has a fleshy, jammy mouthfeel and flavors of blueberry, cassis and blackberry. A dry, spicy, lightly herbal finish confirms the wine's above-average status.", 'Tight as a drum, but a little cherry fruit escapes from the nose. It opens up into a sweet, lovely bottle of wine, with a bit of cocoa and coffee in the finish. Well-balanced, with sweet, clean fruit. END
START HERE Saucy, spicy berry aromas are earthy. This has a fleshy, jammy mouthfeel and flavors of blueberry, cassis and blackberry. A dry, spicy, lightly herbal finish confirms the wine's above-average status.", 'Tight as a drum, but a little cherry fruit escapes from the nose. It opens up into a sweet, lovely bottle of wine, with a bit of cocoa and coffee in the finish. Well-balanced, with sweet, clean fruit.', "Soft and fruity, this is an easy-to-drink wine. Its creamy texture and balanced acidity complement its apple flavors. It's ready to drink. END
START HERE Tight as a drum, but a little cherry fruit escapes from the nose. It opens up into a sweet, lovely bottle of wine, with a bit of cocoa and coffee in the finish. Well-balanced, with sweet, clean fruit.', "Soft and fruity, this is an easy-to-drink wine. Its creamy texture and balanced acidity complement its apple flavors. It's ready to drink.", 'With ripe, generic fruit flavors, a soft texture and slight sweetness, this is a very easygoing, easy-drinking, light-bodied wine. END
START HERE Soft and fruity, this is an easy-to-drink wine. Its creamy texture and balanced acidity complement its apple flavors. It's ready to drink.", 'With ripe, generic fruit flavors, a soft texture and slight sweetness, this is a very easygoing, easy-drinking, light-bodied wine.', 'Reedy green-leaning aromas of plum and raspberry feed into a creamy palate. This tastes primarily of herbal red-berry fruits that finish oaky, dry and spicy. END
START HERE With ripe, generic fruit flavors, a soft texture and slight sweetness, this is a very easygoing, easy-drinking, light-bodied wine.', 'Reedy green-leaning aromas of plum and raspberry feed into a creamy palate. This tastes primarily of herbal red-berry fruits that finish oaky, dry and spicy.', 'Smoky berry aromas are natural but nothing special. This has a regular, balanced mouthfeel along with flavors of cherry, cassis, herbs and spice. A modest finish is fresh and holds it together. END
START HERE Reedy green-leaning aromas of plum and raspberry feed into a creamy palate. This tastes primarily of herbal red-berry fruits that finish oaky, dry and spicy.', 'Smoky berry aromas are natural but nothing special. This has a regular, balanced mouthfeel along with flavors of cherry, cassis, herbs and spice. A modest finish is fresh and holds it together.', 'Clean, fresh, stony aromas are basic but good. A round palate benefits from citric kick, while this tastes of mixed tropical fruits backed by skins-based bitterness. END
START HERE Smoky berry aromas are natural but nothing special. This has a regular, balanced mouthfeel along with flavors of cherry, cassis, herbs and spice. A modest finish is fresh and holds it together.', 'Clean, fresh, stony aromas are basic but good. A round palate benefits from citric kick, while this tastes of mixed tropical fruits backed by skins-based bitterness.', 'This oddly named Cabernet Sauvignon is fine. It has light tannins, a juicy, stalky character, upfront black currant fruit and balanced acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE Clean, fresh, stony aromas are basic but good. A round palate benefits from citric kick, while this tastes of mixed tropical fruits backed by skins-based bitterness.', 'This oddly named Cabernet Sauvignon is fine. It has light tannins, a juicy, stalky character, upfront black currant fruit and balanced acidity. Drink now.', 'Sprightly and clean, with full-throttle fruit and spice and a softly tannic texture. The pepper and wild-berry flavors are distinctive and delicious, and nicely dry. Try with pizza, or pasta with spicy sausages. Best Buy. END
START HERE This oddly named Cabernet Sauvignon is fine. It has light tannins, a juicy, stalky character, upfront black currant fruit and balanced acidity. Drink now.', 'Sprightly and clean, with full-throttle fruit and spice and a softly tannic texture. The pepper and wild-berry flavors are distinctive and delicious, and nicely dry. Try with pizza, or pasta with spicy sausages. Best Buy.', "About 40% is  barrel aged and put through malolactic. This is a heavier, more substantial effort than their regular Chardonnay, with more butterscotch flavors showing. With good fruit, some weight and texture, it's well made and a good value. END
START HERE Sprightly and clean, with full-throttle fruit and spice and a softly tannic texture. The pepper and wild-berry flavors are distinctive and delicious, and nicely dry. Try with pizza, or pasta with spicy sausages. Best Buy.', "About 40% is  barrel aged and put through malolactic. This is a heavier, more substantial effort than their regular Chardonnay, with more butterscotch flavors showing. With good fruit, some weight and texture, it's well made and a good value.", 'This organically grown, no-sulfites-added Chardonnay is forward and fruity, with a nice scent of green apples and just a hint of butterscotch. Lively and made for immediate drinking. END
START HERE About 40% is  barrel aged and put through malolactic. This is a heavier, more substantial effort than their regular Chardonnay, with more butterscotch flavors showing. With good fruit, some weight and texture, it's well made and a good value.", 'This organically grown, no-sulfites-added Chardonnay is forward and fruity, with a nice scent of green apples and just a hint of butterscotch. Lively and made for immediate drinking.', 'A little bit funky and unsettled when you pop the screwcap, but soon it finds its floral, blueberry base. Remains superficial and sweet in the mouth, with candied flavors, vanilla and mild oak. Highly regular; could use more concentration and density. END
START HERE This organically grown, no-sulfites-added Chardonnay is forward and fruity, with a nice scent of green apples and just a hint of butterscotch. Lively and made for immediate drinking.', 'A little bit funky and unsettled when you pop the screwcap, but soon it finds its floral, blueberry base. Remains superficial and sweet in the mouth, with candied flavors, vanilla and mild oak. Highly regular; could use more concentration and density.', 'Regular but inviting, with good berry aromas and only a modicum of baked-fruit grit to the nose. The palate is solid and fruity, with lively, grapey berry and black-cherry flavors. Finishes smooth, with chocolate notes. Easygoing, simple Malbec from San Juan province. END
START HERE A little bit funky and unsettled when you pop the screwcap, but soon it finds its floral, blueberry base. Remains superficial and sweet in the mouth, with candied flavors, vanilla and mild oak. Highly regular; could use more concentration and density.', 'Regular but inviting, with good berry aromas and only a modicum of baked-fruit grit to the nose. The palate is solid and fruity, with lively, grapey berry and black-cherry flavors. Finishes smooth, with chocolate notes. Easygoing, simple Malbec from San Juan province.', 'Scents of tropical of mango and banana are offset by a hint of citrus. Creamy and soft on the palate, this tastes of lime and green herbs. A banana flavor carries the finish. END
START HERE Regular but inviting, with good berry aromas and only a modicum of baked-fruit grit to the nose. The palate is solid and fruity, with lively, grapey berry and black-cherry flavors. Finishes smooth, with chocolate notes. Easygoing, simple Malbec from San Juan province.', 'Scents of tropical of mango and banana are offset by a hint of citrus. Creamy and soft on the palate, this tastes of lime and green herbs. A banana flavor carries the finish.', 'A wine that lacks balance. Its strawberry fruits are shot through with shocking acidity and then sweetened, none of the elements hanging together. Drink seriously chilled. END
START HERE Scents of tropical of mango and banana are offset by a hint of citrus. Creamy and soft on the palate, this tastes of lime and green herbs. A banana flavor carries the finish.', 'A wine that lacks balance. Its strawberry fruits are shot through with shocking acidity and then sweetened, none of the elements hanging together. Drink seriously chilled.', 'Dusty cherry and raspberry aromas taste candied and friendly. The palate on this reddish-colored wine is round and plump, with good texture. It tastes sweet but clean, with flavors of strawberry, cherry and pepper on the finish. 80% Garnacha and 20% Graciano. END
START HERE A wine that lacks balance. Its strawberry fruits are shot through with shocking acidity and then sweetened, none of the elements hanging together. Drink seriously chilled.', 'Dusty cherry and raspberry aromas taste candied and friendly. The palate on this reddish-colored wine is round and plump, with good texture. It tastes sweet but clean, with flavors of strawberry, cherry and pepper on the finish. 80% Garnacha and 20% Graciano.', "$10 for this very drinkable Cab? That's crazy. But Line 39 is exactly that, a concentrated, juicy and fruity Cab with plenty of classic Cab tannins that's an incredibly good value and probably pretty easy to find. Scoop it up when you find it, though note that two bottles were tasted here with some bottle variation. END
START HERE Dusty cherry and raspberry aromas taste candied and friendly. The palate on this reddish-colored wine is round and plump, with good texture. It tastes sweet but clean, with flavors of strawberry, cherry and pepper on the finish. 80% Garnacha and 20% Graciano.', "$10 for this very drinkable Cab? That's crazy. But Line 39 is exactly that, a concentrated, juicy and fruity Cab with plenty of classic Cab tannins that's an incredibly good value and probably pretty easy to find. Scoop it up when you find it, though note that two bottles were tasted here with some bottle variation.", 'This vivid pink-colored wine, 50-50 Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon, is soft, with gentle fruitiness and crisp edge. Acidity and a herbal edge add a more textured character. Drink now. END
START HERE $10 for this very drinkable Cab? That's crazy. But Line 39 is exactly that, a concentrated, juicy and fruity Cab with plenty of classic Cab tannins that's an incredibly good value and probably pretty easy to find. Scoop it up when you find it, though note that two bottles were tasted here with some bottle variation.", 'This vivid pink-colored wine, 50-50 Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon, is soft, with gentle fruitiness and crisp edge. Acidity and a herbal edge add a more textured character. Drink now.', 'Drawn down on the nose and showing a chemical edge to the berry fruit aromas. The palate is wayward and candied, with heavy plum and vanilla flavors. Creamy but dull on the finish, with a sticky, raisiny quality. Lacks focus and vitality. END
START HERE This vivid pink-colored wine, 50-50 Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon, is soft, with gentle fruitiness and crisp edge. Acidity and a herbal edge add a more textured character. Drink now.', 'Drawn down on the nose and showing a chemical edge to the berry fruit aromas. The palate is wayward and candied, with heavy plum and vanilla flavors. Creamy but dull on the finish, with a sticky, raisiny quality. Lacks focus and vitality.', "A little burnt and rubbery on the nose, but with enough lemon and apple to balance things out. The palate is fleshy and soft, with banana and lemon as the lead flavors. Shows a bit of pithy bitterness late, but overall it's good if you like sweet, warm Chardonnays. END
START HERE Drawn down on the nose and showing a chemical edge to the berry fruit aromas. The palate is wayward and candied, with heavy plum and vanilla flavors. Creamy but dull on the finish, with a sticky, raisiny quality. Lacks focus and vitality.', "A little burnt and rubbery on the nose, but with enough lemon and apple to balance things out. The palate is fleshy and soft, with banana and lemon as the lead flavors. Shows a bit of pithy bitterness late, but overall it's good if you like sweet, warm Chardonnays.", "Cranberry and other red-fruit aromas are sort of raw, and the oak treatment on this wine is domineering and resiny. Amid the wood chips there's plum and boysenberry flavors, but as soon as you center in on those you also get dry tannins and a veneer of oak flavor. END
START HERE A little burnt and rubbery on the nose, but with enough lemon and apple to balance things out. The palate is fleshy and soft, with banana and lemon as the lead flavors. Shows a bit of pithy bitterness late, but overall it's good if you like sweet, warm Chardonnays.", "Cranberry and other red-fruit aromas are sort of raw, and the oak treatment on this wine is domineering and resiny. Amid the wood chips there's plum and boysenberry flavors, but as soon as you center in on those you also get dry tannins and a veneer of oak flavor.", "This is an excellent Harvest Select bottling, with bright, sappy flavors that seem not all that sweet. The residual sugar, listed at 47 g/L, is an asset, but doesn't dominate. Flavors remain as crisp as a fresh Macintosh apple, juicy, forward and delicious. END
START HERE Cranberry and other red-fruit aromas are sort of raw, and the oak treatment on this wine is domineering and resiny. Amid the wood chips there's plum and boysenberry flavors, but as soon as you center in on those you also get dry tannins and a veneer of oak flavor.", "This is an excellent Harvest Select bottling, with bright, sappy flavors that seem not all that sweet. The residual sugar, listed at 47 g/L, is an asset, but doesn't dominate. Flavors remain as crisp as a fresh Macintosh apple, juicy, forward and delicious.", "This Syrah-based rosé leads with a fruity mélange of aromas: watermelon, peach, white cherry and a touch of banana. The palate offers more of the same alongside additional notes of mango and tart currant. It's light weight and easy drinking, with ample acidity and a subtle peppery spice to the close. Drink now. END
START HERE This is an excellent Harvest Select bottling, with bright, sappy flavors that seem not all that sweet. The residual sugar, listed at 47 g/L, is an asset, but doesn't dominate. Flavors remain as crisp as a fresh Macintosh apple, juicy, forward and delicious.", "This Syrah-based rosé leads with a fruity mélange of aromas: watermelon, peach, white cherry and a touch of banana. The palate offers more of the same alongside additional notes of mango and tart currant. It's light weight and easy drinking, with ample acidity and a subtle peppery spice to the close. Drink now.", 'The flavors of this full-bodied wine are ripe and the texture soft, so it gives a feeling of being broad and relaxed on the palate. Aromas recall cola and dark berries, and the flavors resemble stewed cherries. END
START HERE This Syrah-based rosé leads with a fruity mélange of aromas: watermelon, peach, white cherry and a touch of banana. The palate offers more of the same alongside additional notes of mango and tart currant. It's light weight and easy drinking, with ample acidity and a subtle peppery spice to the close. Drink now.", 'The flavors of this full-bodied wine are ripe and the texture soft, so it gives a feeling of being broad and relaxed on the palate. Aromas recall cola and dark berries, and the flavors resemble stewed cherries.', "This blend of Groppello, Marzemino, Sangiovese and Barbera from Italy's Lake Garda displays a fresh note of cherry marmalade upfront. There's a rustic but genuine feel to the wine (in a screwcap bottle) that would help it match hamburger or barbecued meats. The mouthfeel is lean, crisp and thin. END
START HERE The flavors of this full-bodied wine are ripe and the texture soft, so it gives a feeling of being broad and relaxed on the palate. Aromas recall cola and dark berries, and the flavors resemble stewed cherries.', "This blend of Groppello, Marzemino, Sangiovese and Barbera from Italy's Lake Garda displays a fresh note of cherry marmalade upfront. There's a rustic but genuine feel to the wine (in a screwcap bottle) that would help it match hamburger or barbecued meats. The mouthfeel is lean, crisp and thin.", 'Smoothness, complexity and a great price are the strong points of this medium-bodied wine. It has wonderful raspberry, cedar and red-cherry flavors, light tannins, a polished feel on the palate and lingering finish. END
START HERE This blend of Groppello, Marzemino, Sangiovese and Barbera from Italy's Lake Garda displays a fresh note of cherry marmalade upfront. There's a rustic but genuine feel to the wine (in a screwcap bottle) that would help it match hamburger or barbecued meats. The mouthfeel is lean, crisp and thin.", 'Smoothness, complexity and a great price are the strong points of this medium-bodied wine. It has wonderful raspberry, cedar and red-cherry flavors, light tannins, a polished feel on the palate and lingering finish.', 'Tropical fruit and a touch of lemon lead on this gentle white. Elegant and approachable, its combination of crisp lemon and citrus with rounded tropical fruit flavors gives it a balanced, complex edge. Soft spice and a lemon zing finish it off. END
START HERE Smoothness, complexity and a great price are the strong points of this medium-bodied wine. It has wonderful raspberry, cedar and red-cherry flavors, light tannins, a polished feel on the palate and lingering finish.', 'Tropical fruit and a touch of lemon lead on this gentle white. Elegant and approachable, its combination of crisp lemon and citrus with rounded tropical fruit flavors gives it a balanced, complex edge. Soft spice and a lemon zing finish it off.', 'Jammy black fruit aromas are pleasant, while the palate has a feel and flow that rolls along nicely. Tastes of baked black fruits and vanilla, while the finish is solid and keeps its form. Slightly herbal if you did deep, but good overall especially when you consider the price. END
START HERE Tropical fruit and a touch of lemon lead on this gentle white. Elegant and approachable, its combination of crisp lemon and citrus with rounded tropical fruit flavors gives it a balanced, complex edge. Soft spice and a lemon zing finish it off.', 'Jammy black fruit aromas are pleasant, while the palate has a feel and flow that rolls along nicely. Tastes of baked black fruits and vanilla, while the finish is solid and keeps its form. Slightly herbal if you did deep, but good overall especially when you consider the price.', 'As per usual, this wine offers solid berry fruit aromas as well as good balance and varietal correctness. The palate feel is balanced and fresh, while the flavors of cassis, berry and oak are properly welded together. Finishes with a touch of chocolate and wood spice. END
START HERE Jammy black fruit aromas are pleasant, while the palate has a feel and flow that rolls along nicely. Tastes of baked black fruits and vanilla, while the finish is solid and keeps its form. Slightly herbal if you did deep, but good overall especially when you consider the price.', 'As per usual, this wine offers solid berry fruit aromas as well as good balance and varietal correctness. The palate feel is balanced and fresh, while the flavors of cassis, berry and oak are properly welded together. Finishes with a touch of chocolate and wood spice.', 'Generous and very flavorful, this full-bodied wine resembles honey and pear in the aroma, and pear syrup in the flavor. While sweet-seeming, it has a dash of apple-like acidity to keep it lively. END
START HERE As per usual, this wine offers solid berry fruit aromas as well as good balance and varietal correctness. The palate feel is balanced and fresh, while the flavors of cassis, berry and oak are properly welded together. Finishes with a touch of chocolate and wood spice.', 'Generous and very flavorful, this full-bodied wine resembles honey and pear in the aroma, and pear syrup in the flavor. While sweet-seeming, it has a dash of apple-like acidity to keep it lively.', 'An appealing quaffer with notes of passion fruit, papaya and citrus. It drinks a hair off dry (1.2g/L residual sugar), with moderate concentration, and goes down easy. END
START HERE Generous and very flavorful, this full-bodied wine resembles honey and pear in the aroma, and pear syrup in the flavor. While sweet-seeming, it has a dash of apple-like acidity to keep it lively.', 'An appealing quaffer with notes of passion fruit, papaya and citrus. It drinks a hair off dry (1.2g/L residual sugar), with moderate concentration, and goes down easy.', 'A solid value from Meridian. Satisfies for its wealth of blackberry, currant, cherry, chocolate, vanilla and spice flavors that are wrapped into rich, sturdy tannins. Finishes with a fine, crisp scour. END
START HERE An appealing quaffer with notes of passion fruit, papaya and citrus. It drinks a hair off dry (1.2g/L residual sugar), with moderate concentration, and goes down easy.', 'A solid value from Meridian. Satisfies for its wealth of blackberry, currant, cherry, chocolate, vanilla and spice flavors that are wrapped into rich, sturdy tannins. Finishes with a fine, crisp scour.', 'Herbal aromas of tomato leaf and earthy plum are a bit green. This feels chunky, with some grab. Herbal plum flavors are like the nose, meaning they lean towards green. Finishing flavors of olive, spice and herbs are common for value-priced Chilean Cabernet. END
START HERE A solid value from Meridian. Satisfies for its wealth of blackberry, currant, cherry, chocolate, vanilla and spice flavors that are wrapped into rich, sturdy tannins. Finishes with a fine, crisp scour.', 'Herbal aromas of tomato leaf and earthy plum are a bit green. This feels chunky, with some grab. Herbal plum flavors are like the nose, meaning they lean towards green. Finishing flavors of olive, spice and herbs are common for value-priced Chilean Cabernet.', "Neutral on the nose, with peachy sweetness and softness that suggests it's beginning to fade. Feels honest but light, with pithy, neutral melon and red apple flavors. Dry but sort of bland; still upright. Drink right away. END
START HERE Herbal aromas of tomato leaf and earthy plum are a bit green. This feels chunky, with some grab. Herbal plum flavors are like the nose, meaning they lean towards green. Finishing flavors of olive, spice and herbs are common for value-priced Chilean Cabernet.', "Neutral on the nose, with peachy sweetness and softness that suggests it's beginning to fade. Feels honest but light, with pithy, neutral melon and red apple flavors. Dry but sort of bland; still upright. Drink right away.", 'Raised in stainless steel, without oak infuence, this wine is rich, savory and dry. A small percentage of Pinot Grigio brings a note of green apple to the flavors of citrus, white flower and honey. END
START HERE Neutral on the nose, with peachy sweetness and softness that suggests it's beginning to fade. Feels honest but light, with pithy, neutral melon and red apple flavors. Dry but sort of bland; still upright. Drink right away.", 'Raised in stainless steel, without oak infuence, this wine is rich, savory and dry. A small percentage of Pinot Grigio brings a note of green apple to the flavors of citrus, white flower and honey.', 'Simple and a little vegetal, but the blackberry, currant and oak flavors are sound. END
START HERE Raised in stainless steel, without oak infuence, this wine is rich, savory and dry. A small percentage of Pinot Grigio brings a note of green apple to the flavors of citrus, white flower and honey.', 'Simple and a little vegetal, but the blackberry, currant and oak flavors are sound.', "This has double the residual sugar of the off-dry Blue Moon Riesling, and it shows in the mouthfeel, which turns a bit granular. It's a time-capsule wine, with flavors of lemon, sugar-water and white tea that have stood their ground unchanged for decades. END
START HERE Simple and a little vegetal, but the blackberry, currant and oak flavors are sound.', "This has double the residual sugar of the off-dry Blue Moon Riesling, and it shows in the mouthfeel, which turns a bit granular. It's a time-capsule wine, with flavors of lemon, sugar-water and white tea that have stood their ground unchanged for decades.", 'Mild peach and quince aromas come with zero zest or edge. This lacks shape on the palate and tastes jumbled, with bland peach and tropical fruit flavors. This finishes flat as a board, with almost no lasting flavor. END
START HERE This has double the residual sugar of the off-dry Blue Moon Riesling, and it shows in the mouthfeel, which turns a bit granular. It's a time-capsule wine, with flavors of lemon, sugar-water and white tea that have stood their ground unchanged for decades.", 'Mild peach and quince aromas come with zero zest or edge. This lacks shape on the palate and tastes jumbled, with bland peach and tropical fruit flavors. This finishes flat as a board, with almost no lasting flavor.', 'A fine wine to enjoy while watching a football game or a good movie, this Merlot washes down easily, offering bright cherry, plum and mild spice flavors. END
START HERE Mild peach and quince aromas come with zero zest or edge. This lacks shape on the palate and tastes jumbled, with bland peach and tropical fruit flavors. This finishes flat as a board, with almost no lasting flavor.', 'A fine wine to enjoy while watching a football game or a good movie, this Merlot washes down easily, offering bright cherry, plum and mild spice flavors.', 'Light and easy, this is a direct and straightforward Cab that offers pleasant aromas and flavors of ripe red plum, cherry preserves, raspberry sauce, mocha and baking spice. The soft tannins and fruit-forward palate make this an ideal selection to enjoy now. END
START HERE A fine wine to enjoy while watching a football game or a good movie, this Merlot washes down easily, offering bright cherry, plum and mild spice flavors.', 'Light and easy, this is a direct and straightforward Cab that offers pleasant aromas and flavors of ripe red plum, cherry preserves, raspberry sauce, mocha and baking spice. The soft tannins and fruit-forward palate make this an ideal selection to enjoy now.', 'Modest cherry and plum aromas are weighty. This is holding onto its freshness, with flavors of citrus pulp and peel. Drink up now. END
START HERE Light and easy, this is a direct and straightforward Cab that offers pleasant aromas and flavors of ripe red plum, cherry preserves, raspberry sauce, mocha and baking spice. The soft tannins and fruit-forward palate make this an ideal selection to enjoy now.', 'Modest cherry and plum aromas are weighty. This is holding onto its freshness, with flavors of citrus pulp and peel. Drink up now.', 'Licorice, mint leaf, black pepper and a hint of tomato define the nose, while the palate has a regular, lightly choppy feel along with flavors of olive, herbal berry fruit and pepper. Dry and smooth on the finish, with lightness and good balance. Good Merlot for the price. END
START HERE Modest cherry and plum aromas are weighty. This is holding onto its freshness, with flavors of citrus pulp and peel. Drink up now.', 'Licorice, mint leaf, black pepper and a hint of tomato define the nose, while the palate has a regular, lightly choppy feel along with flavors of olive, herbal berry fruit and pepper. Dry and smooth on the finish, with lightness and good balance. Good Merlot for the price.', 'Toast aromas accent ripe pears and golden-delicious apples in this soft, easy-to-like Chard that only lacks a bit of depth. A slightly bitter note on the finish should become less noticeable over the next few months. END
START HERE Licorice, mint leaf, black pepper and a hint of tomato define the nose, while the palate has a regular, lightly choppy feel along with flavors of olive, herbal berry fruit and pepper. Dry and smooth on the finish, with lightness and good balance. Good Merlot for the price.', 'Toast aromas accent ripe pears and golden-delicious apples in this soft, easy-to-like Chard that only lacks a bit of depth. A slightly bitter note on the finish should become less noticeable over the next few months.', 'Full of red-fruit aromas, particularly plum and cherry. Feels raw, with wild berry, ample oak and a lot of acid-based tang to the palate. Lightly toasty, with a mild cherry flavor to the finish. END
START HERE Toast aromas accent ripe pears and golden-delicious apples in this soft, easy-to-like Chard that only lacks a bit of depth. A slightly bitter note on the finish should become less noticeable over the next few months.', 'Full of red-fruit aromas, particularly plum and cherry. Feels raw, with wild berry, ample oak and a lot of acid-based tang to the palate. Lightly toasty, with a mild cherry flavor to the finish.', "This leads with bright aromas of orange blossom, just-ripe red apple and firm nectarine. The medium-weight palate offers ample acidic lift that complements the apple and citrus flavors. Though the finish is short, it's clean, and the wine is just so easy to like and drink. Enjoy now. END
START HERE Full of red-fruit aromas, particularly plum and cherry. Feels raw, with wild berry, ample oak and a lot of acid-based tang to the palate. Lightly toasty, with a mild cherry flavor to the finish.', "This leads with bright aromas of orange blossom, just-ripe red apple and firm nectarine. The medium-weight palate offers ample acidic lift that complements the apple and citrus flavors. Though the finish is short, it's clean, and the wine is just so easy to like and drink. Enjoy now.", 'This shows real Sauvignon character in its brisk, mouthwatering acidity. Its green grass and gooseberry notes accompany riper lemon and lime fruit. END
START HERE This leads with bright aromas of orange blossom, just-ripe red apple and firm nectarine. The medium-weight palate offers ample acidic lift that complements the apple and citrus flavors. Though the finish is short, it's clean, and the wine is just so easy to like and drink. Enjoy now.", 'This shows real Sauvignon character in its brisk, mouthwatering acidity. Its green grass and gooseberry notes accompany riper lemon and lime fruit.', 'This smells a bit stalky and murky, without much pop or freshness to the nose. A medium-bodied palate feels about right, while this tastes earthy, stalky and like roasted plum. Herbal notes come up on the finish. END
START HERE This shows real Sauvignon character in its brisk, mouthwatering acidity. Its green grass and gooseberry notes accompany riper lemon and lime fruit.', 'This smells a bit stalky and murky, without much pop or freshness to the nose. A medium-bodied palate feels about right, while this tastes earthy, stalky and like roasted plum. Herbal notes come up on the finish.', 'To call this wine easy for the price is no insult. For 10 bucks, you get a soft, dry, full-bodied Cab with pleasurable cherry and currant flavors. Perfect for everyday red wine fare. END
START HERE This smells a bit stalky and murky, without much pop or freshness to the nose. A medium-bodied palate feels about right, while this tastes earthy, stalky and like roasted plum. Herbal notes come up on the finish.', 'To call this wine easy for the price is no insult. For 10 bucks, you get a soft, dry, full-bodied Cab with pleasurable cherry and currant flavors. Perfect for everyday red wine fare.', 'Clean yet dilute on the bouquet, with touches of lime and grassiness. The palate, however, is kind of heavy and honeyed, a direct reflection of its warm Maipo roots. Tastes sweet and creamy but without much zesty fruit. Maybe a little too soft and candied, but still pretty good. END
START HERE To call this wine easy for the price is no insult. For 10 bucks, you get a soft, dry, full-bodied Cab with pleasurable cherry and currant flavors. Perfect for everyday red wine fare.', 'Clean yet dilute on the bouquet, with touches of lime and grassiness. The palate, however, is kind of heavy and honeyed, a direct reflection of its warm Maipo roots. Tastes sweet and creamy but without much zesty fruit. Maybe a little too soft and candied, but still pretty good.', "A lightweight Pinot that's actually marketed as a rosé, this wine nevertheless manages to pack in decent flavors of apple skin, red berries and cinnamon, capped off by some leathery, meaty notes. END
START HERE Clean yet dilute on the bouquet, with touches of lime and grassiness. The palate, however, is kind of heavy and honeyed, a direct reflection of its warm Maipo roots. Tastes sweet and creamy but without much zesty fruit. Maybe a little too soft and candied, but still pretty good.', "A lightweight Pinot that's actually marketed as a rosé, this wine nevertheless manages to pack in decent flavors of apple skin, red berries and cinnamon, capped off by some leathery, meaty notes.", 'As crisp as possible, this is a light, strawberry fruited wine with balanced acidity and a fresh, delicious aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE A lightweight Pinot that's actually marketed as a rosé, this wine nevertheless manages to pack in decent flavors of apple skin, red berries and cinnamon, capped off by some leathery, meaty notes.", 'As crisp as possible, this is a light, strawberry fruited wine with balanced acidity and a fresh, delicious aftertaste. Drink now.', 'Big, bold and juicy, with ripe black fruits that dominate the rich tannins. The power and concentration both promise a good future for this solid, full-bodied wine, so keep for 4–5 years. END
START HERE As crisp as possible, this is a light, strawberry fruited wine with balanced acidity and a fresh, delicious aftertaste. Drink now.', 'Big, bold and juicy, with ripe black fruits that dominate the rich tannins. The power and concentration both promise a good future for this solid, full-bodied wine, so keep for 4–5 years.', "The welcoming aromas of red berry and cherry are slightly smoky and spicy. Showing good body, this has light tannins, with flavors of toasty plum, berry, chocolate and spice. It's round, mellow and easy on the finish. END
START HERE Big, bold and juicy, with ripe black fruits that dominate the rich tannins. The power and concentration both promise a good future for this solid, full-bodied wine, so keep for 4–5 years.', "The welcoming aromas of red berry and cherry are slightly smoky and spicy. Showing good body, this has light tannins, with flavors of toasty plum, berry, chocolate and spice. It's round, mellow and easy on the finish.", "Dry and gritty, with rugged tannins and lots of acidity. Unfortunately, the fruit just isn't powerful enough to stand up to it, making this Merlot tough to like. END
START HERE The welcoming aromas of red berry and cherry are slightly smoky and spicy. Showing good body, this has light tannins, with flavors of toasty plum, berry, chocolate and spice. It's round, mellow and easy on the finish.", "Dry and gritty, with rugged tannins and lots of acidity. Unfortunately, the fruit just isn't powerful enough to stand up to it, making this Merlot tough to like.", 'Raw and fresh, with jammy mulberry, blackberry and pepper flavors. A rustic wine for rustic food. END
START HERE Dry and gritty, with rugged tannins and lots of acidity. Unfortunately, the fruit just isn't powerful enough to stand up to it, making this Merlot tough to like.", 'Raw and fresh, with jammy mulberry, blackberry and pepper flavors. A rustic wine for rustic food.', 'A little dusty and also sort of briney on the nose, with citric acidity pushing orange, apple and pear flavors. A textbook sweet, simple South American Chardonnay with a tropical leaning and finishing flavors of pineapple. END
START HERE Raw and fresh, with jammy mulberry, blackberry and pepper flavors. A rustic wine for rustic food.', 'A little dusty and also sort of briney on the nose, with citric acidity pushing orange, apple and pear flavors. A textbook sweet, simple South American Chardonnay with a tropical leaning and finishing flavors of pineapple.', 'Herbaceous red-fruit and forced fiery oak aromas give this a spicy, almost Pinot Noir-like nose. Raw as nails on the palate, this tastes like herbal green strawberry and chemicals. Weedy on the finish. END
START HERE A little dusty and also sort of briney on the nose, with citric acidity pushing orange, apple and pear flavors. A textbook sweet, simple South American Chardonnay with a tropical leaning and finishing flavors of pineapple.', 'Herbaceous red-fruit and forced fiery oak aromas give this a spicy, almost Pinot Noir-like nose. Raw as nails on the palate, this tastes like herbal green strawberry and chemicals. Weedy on the finish.', 'Soft and buttery, this medium-bodied Chardonnay smells like lemon meringue and tastes lightly sweet like marshmallows and bananas. END
START HERE Herbaceous red-fruit and forced fiery oak aromas give this a spicy, almost Pinot Noir-like nose. Raw as nails on the palate, this tastes like herbal green strawberry and chemicals. Weedy on the finish.', 'Soft and buttery, this medium-bodied Chardonnay smells like lemon meringue and tastes lightly sweet like marshmallows and bananas.', 'Black currants and spice provide the backbone to this classic Bordeaux red. There are dry tannins, some attractive smoky flavors, topped with acidity and a final, lightly wooded close. END
START HERE Soft and buttery, this medium-bodied Chardonnay smells like lemon meringue and tastes lightly sweet like marshmallows and bananas.', 'Black currants and spice provide the backbone to this classic Bordeaux red. There are dry tannins, some attractive smoky flavors, topped with acidity and a final, lightly wooded close.', "Darkly toasted oak lends a veil of smoke and char to apple and lemon flavors in this dry, full-bodied Chardonnay. There are hints of stems and leaves on the midpalate, but overall, it's a well-composed wine with balanced acidity and alcohol. END
START HERE Black currants and spice provide the backbone to this classic Bordeaux red. There are dry tannins, some attractive smoky flavors, topped with acidity and a final, lightly wooded close.', "Darkly toasted oak lends a veil of smoke and char to apple and lemon flavors in this dry, full-bodied Chardonnay. There are hints of stems and leaves on the midpalate, but overall, it's a well-composed wine with balanced acidity and alcohol.", "Good price for a Chardonnay that's as good as many others costing far more. It's rich in pineapple, pear and oak flavors, brightened with zesty acidity. END
START HERE Darkly toasted oak lends a veil of smoke and char to apple and lemon flavors in this dry, full-bodied Chardonnay. There are hints of stems and leaves on the midpalate, but overall, it's a well-composed wine with balanced acidity and alcohol.", "Good price for a Chardonnay that's as good as many others costing far more. It's rich in pineapple, pear and oak flavors, brightened with zesty acidity.", 'This is your basic California Chardonnay with oak, orange, Meyer lemon and papaya flavors. Produced without malolactic fermentation, the palate is vibrant with acidity. END
START HERE Good price for a Chardonnay that's as good as many others costing far more. It's rich in pineapple, pear and oak flavors, brightened with zesty acidity.", 'This is your basic California Chardonnay with oak, orange, Meyer lemon and papaya flavors. Produced without malolactic fermentation, the palate is vibrant with acidity.', 'The wine is spicy with strong wood flavors. That contrasts with the blackberry fruitiness and fine acidity. It should be well integrated and ready to drink from early 2018. END
START HERE This is your basic California Chardonnay with oak, orange, Meyer lemon and papaya flavors. Produced without malolactic fermentation, the palate is vibrant with acidity.', 'The wine is spicy with strong wood flavors. That contrasts with the blackberry fruitiness and fine acidity. It should be well integrated and ready to drink from early 2018.', 'Sugary sweet and soft, with candied flavors of cherries and berries. END
START HERE The wine is spicy with strong wood flavors. That contrasts with the blackberry fruitiness and fine acidity. It should be well integrated and ready to drink from early 2018.', 'Sugary sweet and soft, with candied flavors of cherries and berries.', 'Lots of dark-fruit flavor, an ultrasmooth texture and a lingering finish raise this medium-bodied and value-priced wine well above average. Black cherry and blackcurrant flavors are sprinkled with spices recalling nutmeg and cardamom. END
START HERE Sugary sweet and soft, with candied flavors of cherries and berries.', 'Lots of dark-fruit flavor, an ultrasmooth texture and a lingering finish raise this medium-bodied and value-priced wine well above average. Black cherry and blackcurrant flavors are sprinkled with spices recalling nutmeg and cardamom.', "Despite a mild green character, this is mostly a solid, saturated wine. The nose has lettuce, pepper and berry scents, and the palate is racy and snappy, with red fruit and herbal accents. It's competent and definitely looks, smells and tastes like Syrah. END
START HERE Lots of dark-fruit flavor, an ultrasmooth texture and a lingering finish raise this medium-bodied and value-priced wine well above average. Black cherry and blackcurrant flavors are sprinkled with spices recalling nutmeg and cardamom.', "Despite a mild green character, this is mostly a solid, saturated wine. The nose has lettuce, pepper and berry scents, and the palate is racy and snappy, with red fruit and herbal accents. It's competent and definitely looks, smells and tastes like Syrah.", 'Kind of big for a value wine, with aromas of plum and berry along with shoe polish and chocolate. The palate has some richness but not too much depth or weight, while the flavors of blackberry and baked plum are convincing. Finishes soft and short, with cola and candied notes. END
START HERE Despite a mild green character, this is mostly a solid, saturated wine. The nose has lettuce, pepper and berry scents, and the palate is racy and snappy, with red fruit and herbal accents. It's competent and definitely looks, smells and tastes like Syrah.", 'Kind of big for a value wine, with aromas of plum and berry along with shoe polish and chocolate. The palate has some richness but not too much depth or weight, while the flavors of blackberry and baked plum are convincing. Finishes soft and short, with cola and candied notes.', 'Lime aromas and modest minerality are proper given its origin, but it turns softer and sweeter the more time it airs out. The palate is fairly round, with lemon-lime and pineapple flavors. Citric if a bit pithy on the finish. Fine but average. END
START HERE Kind of big for a value wine, with aromas of plum and berry along with shoe polish and chocolate. The palate has some richness but not too much depth or weight, while the flavors of blackberry and baked plum are convincing. Finishes soft and short, with cola and candied notes.', 'Lime aromas and modest minerality are proper given its origin, but it turns softer and sweeter the more time it airs out. The palate is fairly round, with lemon-lime and pineapple flavors. Citric if a bit pithy on the finish. Fine but average.', "This bargain-priced offering combines tobacco leaf with Green Gage plum in a medium-bodied format. The flavors aren't quite as fresh and vibrant as the best examples, but it'll more than do for many occasions. END
START HERE Lime aromas and modest minerality are proper given its origin, but it turns softer and sweeter the more time it airs out. The palate is fairly round, with lemon-lime and pineapple flavors. Citric if a bit pithy on the finish. Fine but average.', "This bargain-priced offering combines tobacco leaf with Green Gage plum in a medium-bodied format. The flavors aren't quite as fresh and vibrant as the best examples, but it'll more than do for many occasions.", "A bright pink wine that tastes drier than it looks. It has bright strawberry aromas, as well as touches of caramel and lively final acidity. It's not for aging. END
START HERE This bargain-priced offering combines tobacco leaf with Green Gage plum in a medium-bodied format. The flavors aren't quite as fresh and vibrant as the best examples, but it'll more than do for many occasions.", "A bright pink wine that tastes drier than it looks. It has bright strawberry aromas, as well as touches of caramel and lively final acidity. It's not for aging.", "A spritzy wine, with strongly herbal flavors. There isn't much in the way of fruit, just stems and herbs and chalky tannins. END
START HERE A bright pink wine that tastes drier than it looks. It has bright strawberry aromas, as well as touches of caramel and lively final acidity. It's not for aging.", "A spritzy wine, with strongly herbal flavors. There isn't much in the way of fruit, just stems and herbs and chalky tannins.", 'A nose of black cherry and red berry leads on this Romanian Merlot, followed by flavors of cherry and spice. Backed by a solid tannic structure but slightly acidic, this wine will pair well with grilled meats. END
START HERE A spritzy wine, with strongly herbal flavors. There isn't much in the way of fruit, just stems and herbs and chalky tannins.", 'A nose of black cherry and red berry leads on this Romanian Merlot, followed by flavors of cherry and spice. Backed by a solid tannic structure but slightly acidic, this wine will pair well with grilled meats.', 'Ripe and very dry, this has flavors of raisins, blackberries and dark chocolate, with a hint of smoky oak that adds richness. END
START HERE A nose of black cherry and red berry leads on this Romanian Merlot, followed by flavors of cherry and spice. Backed by a solid tannic structure but slightly acidic, this wine will pair well with grilled meats.', 'Ripe and very dry, this has flavors of raisins, blackberries and dark chocolate, with a hint of smoky oak that adds richness.', "Seemingly more candied and sweet than prior years, but still a reasonably good generic-style Cabernet if you don't mind a little sucking candy and gumball along the route. Flavors of strawberry and cassis are sticky but ripe, while the finish is chewy and sweet. END
START HERE Ripe and very dry, this has flavors of raisins, blackberries and dark chocolate, with a hint of smoky oak that adds richness.', "Seemingly more candied and sweet than prior years, but still a reasonably good generic-style Cabernet if you don't mind a little sucking candy and gumball along the route. Flavors of strawberry and cassis are sticky but ripe, while the finish is chewy and sweet.", 'Cherry and cassis aromas are generic. This feels raw and choppy, with sharp tartartic acidity. Limited, herbal flavors of mint and red fruits end in abrasive style. END
START HERE Seemingly more candied and sweet than prior years, but still a reasonably good generic-style Cabernet if you don't mind a little sucking candy and gumball along the route. Flavors of strawberry and cassis are sticky but ripe, while the finish is chewy and sweet.", 'Cherry and cassis aromas are generic. This feels raw and choppy, with sharp tartartic acidity. Limited, herbal flavors of mint and red fruits end in abrasive style.', 'Aromas of honeyed peach and lime leaf are followed by off-dry flavors. It needs more acid to stand it up. END
START HERE Cherry and cassis aromas are generic. This feels raw and choppy, with sharp tartartic acidity. Limited, herbal flavors of mint and red fruits end in abrasive style.', 'Aromas of honeyed peach and lime leaf are followed by off-dry flavors. It needs more acid to stand it up.', 'This light-bodied Chardonnay makes a nice break from rich, heavy, oaky versions. Aromas of dried thyme and parsley lead to pleasing fruit flavors of pear and peach. It has enough texture to fill the mouth and enough crispness to stay clean on the finish. END
START HERE Aromas of honeyed peach and lime leaf are followed by off-dry flavors. It needs more acid to stand it up.', 'This light-bodied Chardonnay makes a nice break from rich, heavy, oaky versions. Aromas of dried thyme and parsley lead to pleasing fruit flavors of pear and peach. It has enough texture to fill the mouth and enough crispness to stay clean on the finish.', 'An easy-drinking, weekday type of red wine that is smooth and light in texture and body, and modestly flavored with notes of plum and dried herbs. END
START HERE This light-bodied Chardonnay makes a nice break from rich, heavy, oaky versions. Aromas of dried thyme and parsley lead to pleasing fruit flavors of pear and peach. It has enough texture to fill the mouth and enough crispness to stay clean on the finish.', 'An easy-drinking, weekday type of red wine that is smooth and light in texture and body, and modestly flavored with notes of plum and dried herbs.', 'In just a few years 14 Hands Riesling production has jumped from around 15,000 to more than 700,000 cases. Clearly the brand is doing something that consumers love. This is a fairly dry style, with forward, fruity flavors of ripe orange, apple and apricot. The length and concentration are spot on. END
START HERE An easy-drinking, weekday type of red wine that is smooth and light in texture and body, and modestly flavored with notes of plum and dried herbs.', 'In just a few years 14 Hands Riesling production has jumped from around 15,000 to more than 700,000 cases. Clearly the brand is doing something that consumers love. This is a fairly dry style, with forward, fruity flavors of ripe orange, apple and apricot. The length and concentration are spot on.', 'Wood and smoke aromas precede ripe and dusty tannins lacing this red plum flavored wine. It has a rich texture, as well as being fruity, juicy, finished with taut acidity. END
START HERE In just a few years 14 Hands Riesling production has jumped from around 15,000 to more than 700,000 cases. Clearly the brand is doing something that consumers love. This is a fairly dry style, with forward, fruity flavors of ripe orange, apple and apricot. The length and concentration are spot on.', 'Wood and smoke aromas precede ripe and dusty tannins lacing this red plum flavored wine. It has a rich texture, as well as being fruity, juicy, finished with taut acidity.', 'This is an aromatic, sweet smelling Riesling with notes of ripe peach and honeysuckle. Though labeled as dry, at 1.86% residual sugar it drinks almost medium-sweet. Misdirection aside, it provides good value. END
START HERE Wood and smoke aromas precede ripe and dusty tannins lacing this red plum flavored wine. It has a rich texture, as well as being fruity, juicy, finished with taut acidity.', 'This is an aromatic, sweet smelling Riesling with notes of ripe peach and honeysuckle. Though labeled as dry, at 1.86% residual sugar it drinks almost medium-sweet. Misdirection aside, it provides good value.', 'This is a lively, fruity wine that is ready to drink now. It has juicy fruitiness from black currant and strawberry notes, along with soft tannins. END
START HERE This is an aromatic, sweet smelling Riesling with notes of ripe peach and honeysuckle. Though labeled as dry, at 1.86% residual sugar it drinks almost medium-sweet. Misdirection aside, it provides good value.', 'This is a lively, fruity wine that is ready to drink now. It has juicy fruitiness from black currant and strawberry notes, along with soft tannins.', 'Good balance and slightly lean fruit and spice flavors make an agreeable combo in this medium-bodied and nicely tangy wine. Whiffs of cinnamon and earth go with cherry and rhubarb flavors. END
START HERE This is a lively, fruity wine that is ready to drink now. It has juicy fruitiness from black currant and strawberry notes, along with soft tannins.', 'Good balance and slightly lean fruit and spice flavors make an agreeable combo in this medium-bodied and nicely tangy wine. Whiffs of cinnamon and earth go with cherry and rhubarb flavors.', 'Dark berry aromas are dense and a touch rubbery. This is a full, chunky, bold Cabernet with wild berry, cassis and woody flavors that meld together well. Finishing flavors of mint, licorice and oak are generous. END
START HERE Good balance and slightly lean fruit and spice flavors make an agreeable combo in this medium-bodied and nicely tangy wine. Whiffs of cinnamon and earth go with cherry and rhubarb flavors.', 'Dark berry aromas are dense and a touch rubbery. This is a full, chunky, bold Cabernet with wild berry, cassis and woody flavors that meld together well. Finishing flavors of mint, licorice and oak are generous.', 'Dry herbal red-berry aromas are generic all the way. This feels a bit grabby and hard, while medicinal plum and raspberry flavors rank as herbal. Minty spicy flavors control the finish on this standard-issue Cabernet. END
START HERE Dark berry aromas are dense and a touch rubbery. This is a full, chunky, bold Cabernet with wild berry, cassis and woody flavors that meld together well. Finishing flavors of mint, licorice and oak are generous.', 'Dry herbal red-berry aromas are generic all the way. This feels a bit grabby and hard, while medicinal plum and raspberry flavors rank as herbal. Minty spicy flavors control the finish on this standard-issue Cabernet.', "This new vintage is head and shoulders better than the previous effort. Light and pretty, with a delicate mix of citrus, melon, tangerine, lemon and lime, it's showing good length and impressive detail. END
START HERE Dry herbal red-berry aromas are generic all the way. This feels a bit grabby and hard, while medicinal plum and raspberry flavors rank as herbal. Minty spicy flavors control the finish on this standard-issue Cabernet.', "This new vintage is head and shoulders better than the previous effort. Light and pretty, with a delicate mix of citrus, melon, tangerine, lemon and lime, it's showing good length and impressive detail.", 'This is overtly rustic, roasted, leathery and strange on the nose. A wide but wayward palate seems sluggish, while rubbery black-fruit and burnt-wood flavors finish with murky berry tones. END
START HERE This new vintage is head and shoulders better than the previous effort. Light and pretty, with a delicate mix of citrus, melon, tangerine, lemon and lime, it's showing good length and impressive detail.", 'This is overtly rustic, roasted, leathery and strange on the nose. A wide but wayward palate seems sluggish, while rubbery black-fruit and burnt-wood flavors finish with murky berry tones.', 'Suggestions of soft spice and bark jazz-up the dark fruit center of this blend, made with 75% Syrah, 13% Cinsault, 7% Mourvèdre, 4% Carignan and 3% Grenache. Mouthwatering black cherry and raspberry sauce flavors flood the mouth and stay through the solid finish. Drink now. END
START HERE This is overtly rustic, roasted, leathery and strange on the nose. A wide but wayward palate seems sluggish, while rubbery black-fruit and burnt-wood flavors finish with murky berry tones.', 'Suggestions of soft spice and bark jazz-up the dark fruit center of this blend, made with 75% Syrah, 13% Cinsault, 7% Mourvèdre, 4% Carignan and 3% Grenache. Mouthwatering black cherry and raspberry sauce flavors flood the mouth and stay through the solid finish. Drink now.', 'A wine made in memory of Catherine (Caterina) of Bragança, a Portuguese princess who married Charles II of England in the 17th century. It is a superripe wine, full of tropical fruit flavors and only the lightest of acidity. Wood aging gives the wine a plush character and suggests it could age for another year. Drink from 2016. END
START HERE Suggestions of soft spice and bark jazz-up the dark fruit center of this blend, made with 75% Syrah, 13% Cinsault, 7% Mourvèdre, 4% Carignan and 3% Grenache. Mouthwatering black cherry and raspberry sauce flavors flood the mouth and stay through the solid finish. Drink now.', 'A wine made in memory of Catherine (Caterina) of Bragança, a Portuguese princess who married Charles II of England in the 17th century. It is a superripe wine, full of tropical fruit flavors and only the lightest of acidity. Wood aging gives the wine a plush character and suggests it could age for another year. Drink from 2016.', 'This is a fat wine with ripe fruits and a strawberry flavors. The palate is dry, with a soft texture. Drink now. END
START HERE A wine made in memory of Catherine (Caterina) of Bragança, a Portuguese princess who married Charles II of England in the 17th century. It is a superripe wine, full of tropical fruit flavors and only the lightest of acidity. Wood aging gives the wine a plush character and suggests it could age for another year. Drink from 2016.', 'This is a fat wine with ripe fruits and a strawberry flavors. The palate is dry, with a soft texture. Drink now.', "This is a bit more punchy and pungent than Zeal's Reserve bottling, but it still offers considerable value. There's ample weight and just enough citrusy fruit to support the sweaty, nettle-y aromatics and herbal flavors. Try it with fresh herb-laden dishes like ceviches or steamed mussels. END
START HERE This is a fat wine with ripe fruits and a strawberry flavors. The palate is dry, with a soft texture. Drink now.', "This is a bit more punchy and pungent than Zeal's Reserve bottling, but it still offers considerable value. There's ample weight and just enough citrusy fruit to support the sweaty, nettle-y aromatics and herbal flavors. Try it with fresh herb-laden dishes like ceviches or steamed mussels.", 'Too sweet, with a sugary finish that tastes like lemonade and pineapple juice. END
START HERE This is a bit more punchy and pungent than Zeal's Reserve bottling, but it still offers considerable value. There's ample weight and just enough citrusy fruit to support the sweaty, nettle-y aromatics and herbal flavors. Try it with fresh herb-laden dishes like ceviches or steamed mussels.", 'Too sweet, with a sugary finish that tastes like lemonade and pineapple juice.', 'A pale pink color, this clean, refreshing rosé offers nuanced notes of strawberry hull, white melon rind and just-ripe peach on the nose and mouth. The bright, juicy palate is zippy and refreshing, with lively acidity and citrus-driven flavors that carry through to the mouthwatering finish. END
START HERE Too sweet, with a sugary finish that tastes like lemonade and pineapple juice.', 'A pale pink color, this clean, refreshing rosé offers nuanced notes of strawberry hull, white melon rind and just-ripe peach on the nose and mouth. The bright, juicy palate is zippy and refreshing, with lively acidity and citrus-driven flavors that carry through to the mouthwatering finish.', 'Simple, with blackberry, cherry, carob and herb flavors wrapped into a jagged texture. END
START HERE A pale pink color, this clean, refreshing rosé offers nuanced notes of strawberry hull, white melon rind and just-ripe peach on the nose and mouth. The bright, juicy palate is zippy and refreshing, with lively acidity and citrus-driven flavors that carry through to the mouthwatering finish.', 'Simple, with blackberry, cherry, carob and herb flavors wrapped into a jagged texture.', 'Abundant tropical fruit and honeysuckle aromas get a fine zesting of lime skin on this surprising bang-for-your-buck Riesling. Semisweet in style, almost with a deeply concentrated fruit palate, it finishes quite dry on a supple, waxy lanolin note. END
START HERE Simple, with blackberry, cherry, carob and herb flavors wrapped into a jagged texture.', 'Abundant tropical fruit and honeysuckle aromas get a fine zesting of lime skin on this surprising bang-for-your-buck Riesling. Semisweet in style, almost with a deeply concentrated fruit palate, it finishes quite dry on a supple, waxy lanolin note.', 'Slightly hard, burnt and earthy at first, with dark fruit sitting below that cap. The palate is tannic, thus the mouthfeel clamps down and closes up like a clam. More generous and savory in terms of flavors, with roasted black fruit and aged cheese notes. Narrow and grapey on the finish, but legit. END
START HERE Abundant tropical fruit and honeysuckle aromas get a fine zesting of lime skin on this surprising bang-for-your-buck Riesling. Semisweet in style, almost with a deeply concentrated fruit palate, it finishes quite dry on a supple, waxy lanolin note.', 'Slightly hard, burnt and earthy at first, with dark fruit sitting below that cap. The palate is tannic, thus the mouthfeel clamps down and closes up like a clam. More generous and savory in terms of flavors, with roasted black fruit and aged cheese notes. Narrow and grapey on the finish, but legit.', 'Crisp with a taste of New Zealand grass, this wine offers pear, lemon and a pinch of fig on the finish amid layers of acidity. END
START HERE Slightly hard, burnt and earthy at first, with dark fruit sitting below that cap. The palate is tannic, thus the mouthfeel clamps down and closes up like a clam. More generous and savory in terms of flavors, with roasted black fruit and aged cheese notes. Narrow and grapey on the finish, but legit.', 'Crisp with a taste of New Zealand grass, this wine offers pear, lemon and a pinch of fig on the finish amid layers of acidity.', 'Tough in the mouth, with green, minty tannins framing jellied flavors of blackberries and cherries. Okay for fast foods and such. END
START HERE Crisp with a taste of New Zealand grass, this wine offers pear, lemon and a pinch of fig on the finish amid layers of acidity.', 'Tough in the mouth, with green, minty tannins framing jellied flavors of blackberries and cherries. Okay for fast foods and such.', "Good price for a Cab of this quality. It's full-bodied, dry and elegantly balanced, showing real varietal character in the blackberries, black currants and rich tannins. END
START HERE Tough in the mouth, with green, minty tannins framing jellied flavors of blackberries and cherries. Okay for fast foods and such.', "Good price for a Cab of this quality. It's full-bodied, dry and elegantly balanced, showing real varietal character in the blackberries, black currants and rich tannins.", "A little minty, raisiny and flat on the nose, but still it's appealing. The palate has a condensed, syrupy feel and soft, semisweet flavors of red berry mixed with herbs and pepper. Spicy and a touch hollow on the finish, but still a good value Cab to drink now. END
START HERE Good price for a Cab of this quality. It's full-bodied, dry and elegantly balanced, showing real varietal character in the blackberries, black currants and rich tannins.", "A little minty, raisiny and flat on the nose, but still it's appealing. The palate has a condensed, syrupy feel and soft, semisweet flavors of red berry mixed with herbs and pepper. Spicy and a touch hollow on the finish, but still a good value Cab to drink now.", 'A blend of six varietals including Cabernet Franc and Syrah, this wine is utterly distinctive. The raspberry liqueur aroma has a meaty edge complemented with things like ground coffee, violets and white chocolate. All these flavors mingle in the mouth, and yet the wine is dry. The supple, silky texture is notable. Best Buy. —S.H. END
START HERE A little minty, raisiny and flat on the nose, but still it's appealing. The palate has a condensed, syrupy feel and soft, semisweet flavors of red berry mixed with herbs and pepper. Spicy and a touch hollow on the finish, but still a good value Cab to drink now.", 'A blend of six varietals including Cabernet Franc and Syrah, this wine is utterly distinctive. The raspberry liqueur aroma has a meaty edge complemented with things like ground coffee, violets and white chocolate. All these flavors mingle in the mouth, and yet the wine is dry. The supple, silky texture is notable. Best Buy. —S.H.', "Fresh and ripe, packed with red berry fruits, this is a young and fruity wine that is perfect to drink right away. It's light, bright and refreshing. END
START HERE A blend of six varietals including Cabernet Franc and Syrah, this wine is utterly distinctive. The raspberry liqueur aroma has a meaty edge complemented with things like ground coffee, violets and white chocolate. All these flavors mingle in the mouth, and yet the wine is dry. The supple, silky texture is notable. Best Buy. —S.H.', "Fresh and ripe, packed with red berry fruits, this is a young and fruity wine that is perfect to drink right away. It's light, bright and refreshing.", 'This is a very informal and easygoing red table wine that would taste great with pizza. It opens with a bright ruby color and shows aromas of cherry, raspberry and toasted almond. END
START HERE Fresh and ripe, packed with red berry fruits, this is a young and fruity wine that is perfect to drink right away. It's light, bright and refreshing.", 'This is a very informal and easygoing red table wine that would taste great with pizza. It opens with a bright ruby color and shows aromas of cherry, raspberry and toasted almond.', 'This defines mainstream, affordable Chardonnay via its soft apple, pear and pineapple bouquet, pleasing mouthfeel and nice, lightly sweet blend of fruit, butter and spice elements on the palate and finish. Best Buy. END
START HERE This is a very informal and easygoing red table wine that would taste great with pizza. It opens with a bright ruby color and shows aromas of cherry, raspberry and toasted almond.', 'This defines mainstream, affordable Chardonnay via its soft apple, pear and pineapple bouquet, pleasing mouthfeel and nice, lightly sweet blend of fruit, butter and spice elements on the palate and finish. Best Buy.', 'Made in the popular style, this Chardonnay has zesty acidity that gives brightness to the orange, pear, peach and tropical fruit flavors. END
START HERE This defines mainstream, affordable Chardonnay via its soft apple, pear and pineapple bouquet, pleasing mouthfeel and nice, lightly sweet blend of fruit, butter and spice elements on the palate and finish. Best Buy.', 'Made in the popular style, this Chardonnay has zesty acidity that gives brightness to the orange, pear, peach and tropical fruit flavors.', "This is a pretty nice wine for drinking with every\xadday fare, and at this price, it's a real value. It packs a punch, with solid blackberry and licorice flavors that finish dry and spicy. END
START HERE Made in the popular style, this Chardonnay has zesty acidity that gives brightness to the orange, pear, peach and tropical fruit flavors.', "This is a pretty nice wine for drinking with every\xadday fare, and at this price, it's a real value. It packs a punch, with solid blackberry and licorice flavors that finish dry and spicy.", 'This is pretty good Zin, fully ripened and showing classic wild berry and spice notes, although there’s an earthy, cardboardy aroma that’s a little off-putting. The tannins are very soft, and the acidity is a bit low, making it simple and one-dimensional. Still, not a bad deal at this price. END
START HERE This is a pretty nice wine for drinking with every\xadday fare, and at this price, it's a real value. It packs a punch, with solid blackberry and licorice flavors that finish dry and spicy.", 'This is pretty good Zin, fully ripened and showing classic wild berry and spice notes, although there’s an earthy, cardboardy aroma that’s a little off-putting. The tannins are very soft, and the acidity is a bit low, making it simple and one-dimensional. Still, not a bad deal at this price.', "A great price for a wine this rich and spicy. It's busting with ripe tropical fruit, peach, tangerine and pear notes, and spices, too. And it's dry, with just a hint of residual sugar to make the fruit round and forward. Turns really pretty on the polished, spicy finish. END
START HERE This is pretty good Zin, fully ripened and showing classic wild berry and spice notes, although there’s an earthy, cardboardy aroma that’s a little off-putting. The tannins are very soft, and the acidity is a bit low, making it simple and one-dimensional. Still, not a bad deal at this price.', "A great price for a wine this rich and spicy. It's busting with ripe tropical fruit, peach, tangerine and pear notes, and spices, too. And it's dry, with just a hint of residual sugar to make the fruit round and forward. Turns really pretty on the polished, spicy finish.", 'This is not an attention-getter, but a mild-mannered, reasonably balanced wine that will happily pair with dishes ranging from seafood to roast chicken. It has faint apple and vanilla aromas, mild apple and lemon flavors, and a lingering, lightly spicy finish. END
START HERE A great price for a wine this rich and spicy. It's busting with ripe tropical fruit, peach, tangerine and pear notes, and spices, too. And it's dry, with just a hint of residual sugar to make the fruit round and forward. Turns really pretty on the polished, spicy finish.", 'This is not an attention-getter, but a mild-mannered, reasonably balanced wine that will happily pair with dishes ranging from seafood to roast chicken. It has faint apple and vanilla aromas, mild apple and lemon flavors, and a lingering, lightly spicy finish.', "If you didn't know the price and had to guess, you'd probably figure this wine would cost about $18. It's enormously ripe and fruity, with bright peach, tropical fruits and spices and quite a bit of oak. The technical notes say it was partially barrel-fermented. A wine of enormous charm and a great value in Chardonnay. END
START HERE This is not an attention-getter, but a mild-mannered, reasonably balanced wine that will happily pair with dishes ranging from seafood to roast chicken. It has faint apple and vanilla aromas, mild apple and lemon flavors, and a lingering, lightly spicy finish.', "If you didn't know the price and had to guess, you'd probably figure this wine would cost about $18. It's enormously ripe and fruity, with bright peach, tropical fruits and spices and quite a bit of oak. The technical notes say it was partially barrel-fermented. A wine of enormous charm and a great value in Chardonnay.", 'A lively, oak-spice aroma leads into bright red fruits and cinnamon tones on the palate. A smooth but lively texture completes the picture for this medium-bodied wine. END
START HERE If you didn't know the price and had to guess, you'd probably figure this wine would cost about $18. It's enormously ripe and fruity, with bright peach, tropical fruits and spices and quite a bit of oak. The technical notes say it was partially barrel-fermented. A wine of enormous charm and a great value in Chardonnay.", 'A lively, oak-spice aroma leads into bright red fruits and cinnamon tones on the palate. A smooth but lively texture completes the picture for this medium-bodied wine.', "Wiry plum and green-tobacco aromas transition to red-fruit scents as this breathes. A fresh, forward palate is medium in body, while a mix of spice, green herb, olive, plum and berry notes comprise the flavor package. A tight, juicy palate maintains the wine's core flavors. END
START HERE A lively, oak-spice aroma leads into bright red fruits and cinnamon tones on the palate. A smooth but lively texture completes the picture for this medium-bodied wine.', "Wiry plum and green-tobacco aromas transition to red-fruit scents as this breathes. A fresh, forward palate is medium in body, while a mix of spice, green herb, olive, plum and berry notes comprise the flavor package. A tight, juicy palate maintains the wine's core flavors.", "A soft, delicate nose of spice and mocha lead on this approachable Cab from South Africa. Simple flavors of berry and tobacco and an overall integrated character make it an easy choice for everyday sipping. Could use some structure and complexity but for the price, it's a good buy. END
START HERE Wiry plum and green-tobacco aromas transition to red-fruit scents as this breathes. A fresh, forward palate is medium in body, while a mix of spice, green herb, olive, plum and berry notes comprise the flavor package. A tight, juicy palate maintains the wine's core flavors.", "A soft, delicate nose of spice and mocha lead on this approachable Cab from South Africa. Simple flavors of berry and tobacco and an overall integrated character make it an easy choice for everyday sipping. Could use some structure and complexity but for the price, it's a good buy.", "Long a strong suit at Snoqualmie, this new vintage does not disappoint. It's light and lively, with dusky flavors of plum and sweet tomato. Highlights of chocolate and cinnamon are delicately in focus, and it's hard to find a better price for such a nice Syrah in Washington. END
START HERE A soft, delicate nose of spice and mocha lead on this approachable Cab from South Africa. Simple flavors of berry and tobacco and an overall integrated character make it an easy choice for everyday sipping. Could use some structure and complexity but for the price, it's a good buy.", "Long a strong suit at Snoqualmie, this new vintage does not disappoint. It's light and lively, with dusky flavors of plum and sweet tomato. Highlights of chocolate and cinnamon are delicately in focus, and it's hard to find a better price for such a nice Syrah in Washington.", "Leafy and herbal, with green tomato and pineapple flavors that mesh surprisingly well. It's medium-bodied, with a slight tang on the finish. END
START HERE Long a strong suit at Snoqualmie, this new vintage does not disappoint. It's light and lively, with dusky flavors of plum and sweet tomato. Highlights of chocolate and cinnamon are delicately in focus, and it's hard to find a better price for such a nice Syrah in Washington.", "Leafy and herbal, with green tomato and pineapple flavors that mesh surprisingly well. It's medium-bodied, with a slight tang on the finish.", 'Thirst-quenching, lean and tangy, it would make a good match with shucked oysters. It shows lemon and green apple aromas, plus fresh and crisp citrus flavors. Medium in body, the texture is pleasantly lean while the finish is refreshing. END
START HERE Leafy and herbal, with green tomato and pineapple flavors that mesh surprisingly well. It's medium-bodied, with a slight tang on the finish.", 'Thirst-quenching, lean and tangy, it would make a good match with shucked oysters. It shows lemon and green apple aromas, plus fresh and crisp citrus flavors. Medium in body, the texture is pleasantly lean while the finish is refreshing.', 'Muffled, shy aromas are redolent of cherries, dried flowers and pear drops. Soft and rounded, the palate has a sweet quality about its core, with mild acids and a dusting of tannins. END
START HERE Thirst-quenching, lean and tangy, it would make a good match with shucked oysters. It shows lemon and green apple aromas, plus fresh and crisp citrus flavors. Medium in body, the texture is pleasantly lean while the finish is refreshing.', 'Muffled, shy aromas are redolent of cherries, dried flowers and pear drops. Soft and rounded, the palate has a sweet quality about its core, with mild acids and a dusting of tannins.', 'This has fresh berry and flower aromas that lead to a healthy-feeling palate, which is full of cherry, boysenberry and blackberry flavors. Mildly toasty and chocolaty on the finish. END
START HERE Muffled, shy aromas are redolent of cherries, dried flowers and pear drops. Soft and rounded, the palate has a sweet quality about its core, with mild acids and a dusting of tannins.', 'This has fresh berry and flower aromas that lead to a healthy-feeling palate, which is full of cherry, boysenberry and blackberry flavors. Mildly toasty and chocolaty on the finish.', "A simple, everyday Chardonnay that's refreshingly crisp, with sweet lime, orange, pear and vanilla flavors. END
START HERE This has fresh berry and flower aromas that lead to a healthy-feeling palate, which is full of cherry, boysenberry and blackberry flavors. Mildly toasty and chocolaty on the finish.', "A simple, everyday Chardonnay that's refreshingly crisp, with sweet lime, orange, pear and vanilla flavors.", 'This is a lively, bright young white wine that brims with acid-inspired tangerine, lime, quince and clove flavors. It has a little touch of oak, but is really fruit-driven. Represents a nice value in a dry, fairly complex sipper. END
START HERE A simple, everyday Chardonnay that's refreshingly crisp, with sweet lime, orange, pear and vanilla flavors.", 'This is a lively, bright young white wine that brims with acid-inspired tangerine, lime, quince and clove flavors. It has a little touch of oak, but is really fruit-driven. Represents a nice value in a dry, fairly complex sipper.', 'This unbaked wine in a can tastes a bit tired, but it has an earthy appeal. The color is a brownish red and the aromas seem dusty and mature. The flavors are beefy and peppery while the texture is nicely tannic. END
START HERE This is a lively, bright young white wine that brims with acid-inspired tangerine, lime, quince and clove flavors. It has a little touch of oak, but is really fruit-driven. Represents a nice value in a dry, fairly complex sipper.', 'This unbaked wine in a can tastes a bit tired, but it has an earthy appeal. The color is a brownish red and the aromas seem dusty and mature. The flavors are beefy and peppery while the texture is nicely tannic.', "This seems like it was probably better earlier in its life. Now, it's kind of wan and fading, with a maderized note of vanilla, plus white fruit. END
START HERE This unbaked wine in a can tastes a bit tired, but it has an earthy appeal. The color is a brownish red and the aromas seem dusty and mature. The flavors are beefy and peppery while the texture is nicely tannic.', "This seems like it was probably better earlier in its life. Now, it's kind of wan and fading, with a maderized note of vanilla, plus white fruit.", 'This extracted wine has too hard an edge for the Vin de France category. Softer, more accessible black currant fruit is just hinted at underneath all its structure. END
START HERE This seems like it was probably better earlier in its life. Now, it's kind of wan and fading, with a maderized note of vanilla, plus white fruit.", 'This extracted wine has too hard an edge for the Vin de France category. Softer, more accessible black currant fruit is just hinted at underneath all its structure.', 'This is a thin, fruity, simple wine with some red cherry flavors. Acidity and a touch of tannin completes the picture. END
START HERE This extracted wine has too hard an edge for the Vin de France category. Softer, more accessible black currant fruit is just hinted at underneath all its structure.', 'This is a thin, fruity, simple wine with some red cherry flavors. Acidity and a touch of tannin completes the picture.', "Rich black berry flavors lead in this delicious blend of 80% Montepulciano and 20% Sangiovese. The juicy fruit carries over to the palate, with notes of balsamic herbs alongside big, ripe tannins. It's a straightforward wine for everyday pleasure. Drink now. END
START HERE This is a thin, fruity, simple wine with some red cherry flavors. Acidity and a touch of tannin completes the picture.', "Rich black berry flavors lead in this delicious blend of 80% Montepulciano and 20% Sangiovese. The juicy fruit carries over to the palate, with notes of balsamic herbs alongside big, ripe tannins. It's a straightforward wine for everyday pleasure. Drink now.", "A refreshing wine, with nicely ripened fruit and exceptional balance, that's pleasant in every way and a super value, too.  The fruit goes beyond citrus into more deeply flavored apricot and pear, and modest sur lie aging adds creamy, buttery notes.  This is a lovely wine and one of the best values of the year in Sauvignon/Fume Blanc. END
START HERE Rich black berry flavors lead in this delicious blend of 80% Montepulciano and 20% Sangiovese. The juicy fruit carries over to the palate, with notes of balsamic herbs alongside big, ripe tannins. It's a straightforward wine for everyday pleasure. Drink now.", "A refreshing wine, with nicely ripened fruit and exceptional balance, that's pleasant in every way and a super value, too.  The fruit goes beyond citrus into more deeply flavored apricot and pear, and modest sur lie aging adds creamy, buttery notes.  This is a lovely wine and one of the best values of the year in Sauvignon/Fume Blanc.", "Concord grapes are unmistakable for their sweet, high-toned Welch's grape jelly aromas and flavors. The Bella Rosa stays true to this bright, juicy, easy-drinking style. It's not a complex wine but delightfully quaffable. END
START HERE A refreshing wine, with nicely ripened fruit and exceptional balance, that's pleasant in every way and a super value, too.  The fruit goes beyond citrus into more deeply flavored apricot and pear, and modest sur lie aging adds creamy, buttery notes.  This is a lovely wine and one of the best values of the year in Sauvignon/Fume Blanc.", "Concord grapes are unmistakable for their sweet, high-toned Welch's grape jelly aromas and flavors. The Bella Rosa stays true to this bright, juicy, easy-drinking style. It's not a complex wine but delightfully quaffable.", 'Some rosés are darker in color than this flyweight. But the bouquet and palate each pack some punch. Orange-rind and cranberry scents pave the way for the chocolate and black-plum flavors that blanket the thick palate. At the end, though, it lacks the sleekness mandatory for a very good Pinot Noir. END
START HERE Concord grapes are unmistakable for their sweet, high-toned Welch's grape jelly aromas and flavors. The Bella Rosa stays true to this bright, juicy, easy-drinking style. It's not a complex wine but delightfully quaffable.", 'Some rosés are darker in color than this flyweight. But the bouquet and palate each pack some punch. Orange-rind and cranberry scents pave the way for the chocolate and black-plum flavors that blanket the thick palate. At the end, though, it lacks the sleekness mandatory for a very good Pinot Noir.', 'Earthy, leathery aromas are hot and end up smelling like a field in summertime. It feels hard on the palate, with a buttery oak note that sets up flavors of plum and raspberry mixed with green herb. END
START HERE Some rosés are darker in color than this flyweight. But the bouquet and palate each pack some punch. Orange-rind and cranberry scents pave the way for the chocolate and black-plum flavors that blanket the thick palate. At the end, though, it lacks the sleekness mandatory for a very good Pinot Noir.', 'Earthy, leathery aromas are hot and end up smelling like a field in summertime. It feels hard on the palate, with a buttery oak note that sets up flavors of plum and raspberry mixed with green herb.', 'A big bottle of uber-sweet strawberry pie and blackberries right before they get mushy. The aromas are not terribly inviting from the outset. Fairly neutral in taste, then veers sweet. END
START HERE Earthy, leathery aromas are hot and end up smelling like a field in summertime. It feels hard on the palate, with a buttery oak note that sets up flavors of plum and raspberry mixed with green herb.', 'A big bottle of uber-sweet strawberry pie and blackberries right before they get mushy. The aromas are not terribly inviting from the outset. Fairly neutral in taste, then veers sweet.', 'This bright blend of 75% Sangiovese, 15% Merlot and 10% Ciliegiolo discloses aromas of ripe berry and cooking spice. The soft, easy-drinking palate offers black cherry, white pepper and grilled sage alongside round tannins. Enjoy soon. END
START HERE A big bottle of uber-sweet strawberry pie and blackberries right before they get mushy. The aromas are not terribly inviting from the outset. Fairly neutral in taste, then veers sweet.', 'This bright blend of 75% Sangiovese, 15% Merlot and 10% Ciliegiolo discloses aromas of ripe berry and cooking spice. The soft, easy-drinking palate offers black cherry, white pepper and grilled sage alongside round tannins. Enjoy soon.', 'This boasts bright, chewy red-fruit and cherry notes, with a soft, round mouthfeel. Pair this with grilled sausage or gorgonzola pizza. END
START HERE This bright blend of 75% Sangiovese, 15% Merlot and 10% Ciliegiolo discloses aromas of ripe berry and cooking spice. The soft, easy-drinking palate offers black cherry, white pepper and grilled sage alongside round tannins. Enjoy soon.', 'This boasts bright, chewy red-fruit and cherry notes, with a soft, round mouthfeel. Pair this with grilled sausage or gorgonzola pizza.', 'A balanced, well-structured wine, and a superb value. Cassis, black plum guts and anise are supported by soft sweet spice and leather fleshing out the nose and mouth, with lingering dusty tannins leaving you begging for more. Ready to drink now; pair with flank steak fajitas. END
START HERE This boasts bright, chewy red-fruit and cherry notes, with a soft, round mouthfeel. Pair this with grilled sausage or gorgonzola pizza.', 'A balanced, well-structured wine, and a superb value. Cassis, black plum guts and anise are supported by soft sweet spice and leather fleshing out the nose and mouth, with lingering dusty tannins leaving you begging for more. Ready to drink now; pair with flank steak fajitas.', "An interesting wine that walks to the beat of its own drum. Organic wines are almost always a little unusual, and this is no different. It pours on the funky red-fruit aromas and then come herbal cherry, raspberry and plum flavors. As a whole it's a good, well-made wine with decent feel. But hailing from La Rioja, it also has its own unfamiliar identity. Worth a try if organic wines are your thing. END
START HERE A balanced, well-structured wine, and a superb value. Cassis, black plum guts and anise are supported by soft sweet spice and leather fleshing out the nose and mouth, with lingering dusty tannins leaving you begging for more. Ready to drink now; pair with flank steak fajitas.', "An interesting wine that walks to the beat of its own drum. Organic wines are almost always a little unusual, and this is no different. It pours on the funky red-fruit aromas and then come herbal cherry, raspberry and plum flavors. As a whole it's a good, well-made wine with decent feel. But hailing from La Rioja, it also has its own unfamiliar identity. Worth a try if organic wines are your thing.", 'Reddish in color and big on the bouquet, with sweet berry and cherry aromas. The palate is full and fun, with acidity and heavier, sweeter flavors of strawberry, raspberry and sweet plum. Handles its size well. Made from 80% Garnacha and 20% Graciano (for acidity). END
START HERE An interesting wine that walks to the beat of its own drum. Organic wines are almost always a little unusual, and this is no different. It pours on the funky red-fruit aromas and then come herbal cherry, raspberry and plum flavors. As a whole it's a good, well-made wine with decent feel. But hailing from La Rioja, it also has its own unfamiliar identity. Worth a try if organic wines are your thing.", 'Reddish in color and big on the bouquet, with sweet berry and cherry aromas. The palate is full and fun, with acidity and heavier, sweeter flavors of strawberry, raspberry and sweet plum. Handles its size well. Made from 80% Garnacha and 20% Graciano (for acidity).', "Pungent aromas of pine needles and saw mill start it off. Next comes a juicy palate with flavors of orange and pineapple. The finish is fine, but it's kind of dull. The is a basic wine that veers toward flatness. But for now it's hanging in there. END
START HERE Reddish in color and big on the bouquet, with sweet berry and cherry aromas. The palate is full and fun, with acidity and heavier, sweeter flavors of strawberry, raspberry and sweet plum. Handles its size well. Made from 80% Garnacha and 20% Graciano (for acidity).', "Pungent aromas of pine needles and saw mill start it off. Next comes a juicy palate with flavors of orange and pineapple. The finish is fine, but it's kind of dull. The is a basic wine that veers toward flatness. But for now it's hanging in there.", 'This is an appealing, dry, and well-balanced wine, with everything in good proportions. It has lots of fresh cherry aromas, good and deep fruit flavors and a light but tasty layer of toasted, smoky oak. END
START HERE Pungent aromas of pine needles and saw mill start it off. Next comes a juicy palate with flavors of orange and pineapple. The finish is fine, but it's kind of dull. The is a basic wine that veers toward flatness. But for now it's hanging in there.", 'This is an appealing, dry, and well-balanced wine, with everything in good proportions. It has lots of fresh cherry aromas, good and deep fruit flavors and a light but tasty layer of toasted, smoky oak.', 'This has medicinal, sweet-tasting flavors of chocolate and cherry. END
START HERE This is an appealing, dry, and well-balanced wine, with everything in good proportions. It has lots of fresh cherry aromas, good and deep fruit flavors and a light but tasty layer of toasted, smoky oak.', 'This has medicinal, sweet-tasting flavors of chocolate and cherry.', 'Dusty mineral and saline notes lend interest to aromatic peach and apricot on this pretty, perfumed Chardonnay. The palate is refreshingly mineral, while the finish is brisk and nervy. END
START HERE This has medicinal, sweet-tasting flavors of chocolate and cherry.', 'Dusty mineral and saline notes lend interest to aromatic peach and apricot on this pretty, perfumed Chardonnay. The palate is refreshingly mineral, while the finish is brisk and nervy.', 'Light and herbal, with a modest core of grapefruit flavors. Grassy notes soften on the finish, allowing some chalky notes to come through. Drink up. END
START HERE Dusty mineral and saline notes lend interest to aromatic peach and apricot on this pretty, perfumed Chardonnay. The palate is refreshingly mineral, while the finish is brisk and nervy.', 'Light and herbal, with a modest core of grapefruit flavors. Grassy notes soften on the finish, allowing some chalky notes to come through. Drink up.', "Sugared apple aromas and semi-sweet Fuji apple and honeydew flavors make this wine simply appealing. It's good for very casual meals or big crowds. END
START HERE Light and herbal, with a modest core of grapefruit flavors. Grassy notes soften on the finish, allowing some chalky notes to come through. Drink up.', "Sugared apple aromas and semi-sweet Fuji apple and honeydew flavors make this wine simply appealing. It's good for very casual meals or big crowds.", 'This is an herbal Merlot that tastes of toasty oak and finishes slightly sweet. END
START HERE Sugared apple aromas and semi-sweet Fuji apple and honeydew flavors make this wine simply appealing. It's good for very casual meals or big crowds.", 'This is an herbal Merlot that tastes of toasty oak and finishes slightly sweet.', 'Lightly roasted berry and cassis aromas are a touch hot but good. This wine is solid on the palate, with hard-smacking tannins. Flavors of chocolate, spicy berry fruit and a touch of campfire finish more roasted than fruity. END
START HERE This is an herbal Merlot that tastes of toasty oak and finishes slightly sweet.', 'Lightly roasted berry and cassis aromas are a touch hot but good. This wine is solid on the palate, with hard-smacking tannins. Flavors of chocolate, spicy berry fruit and a touch of campfire finish more roasted than fruity.', 'Opens with a mix of toast and dusty, herbal aromas, and with time it turns more saucy than precisely fruity. A bulky wine with a chunky mouthfeel and fleshy flavors of herbal plum. A late wave of tartness and more herbal flavors cements things into place. END
START HERE Lightly roasted berry and cassis aromas are a touch hot but good. This wine is solid on the palate, with hard-smacking tannins. Flavors of chocolate, spicy berry fruit and a touch of campfire finish more roasted than fruity.', 'Opens with a mix of toast and dusty, herbal aromas, and with time it turns more saucy than precisely fruity. A bulky wine with a chunky mouthfeel and fleshy flavors of herbal plum. A late wave of tartness and more herbal flavors cements things into place.', 'A fruity, direct Chardonnay that will appeal to fans for its peach, pear and oak flavors. Not especially complicated, but a fine example of the variety at a good price. END
START HERE Opens with a mix of toast and dusty, herbal aromas, and with time it turns more saucy than precisely fruity. A bulky wine with a chunky mouthfeel and fleshy flavors of herbal plum. A late wave of tartness and more herbal flavors cements things into place.', 'A fruity, direct Chardonnay that will appeal to fans for its peach, pear and oak flavors. Not especially complicated, but a fine example of the variety at a good price.', "A lightweight bordeaux style blend that's best slightly chilled as a stand-in for Beaujolais or Bourgeuil.  Berry fruit, with some light tannins that turn a bit green on the finish. END
START HERE A fruity, direct Chardonnay that will appeal to fans for its peach, pear and oak flavors. Not especially complicated, but a fine example of the variety at a good price.', "A lightweight bordeaux style blend that's best slightly chilled as a stand-in for Beaujolais or Bourgeuil.  Berry fruit, with some light tannins that turn a bit green on the finish.", 'A light color goes along with light plum and red cherry flavors, a soft texture and light to medium body. This wine is pleasant and straightforward. END
START HERE A lightweight bordeaux style blend that's best slightly chilled as a stand-in for Beaujolais or Bourgeuil.  Berry fruit, with some light tannins that turn a bit green on the finish.", 'A light color goes along with light plum and red cherry flavors, a soft texture and light to medium body. This wine is pleasant and straightforward.', "Okay, Idaho Cabernet is never going to be an easy sell. But new winemaker Chuck Devlin is a talent, and he gives this wine a distinct core of sweet black cherry fruit; not big, but perfectly ripe. It's set in a slightly earthy framework of root and rock, with a lightly chalky finish. —P.G. END
START HERE A light color goes along with light plum and red cherry flavors, a soft texture and light to medium body. This wine is pleasant and straightforward.', "Okay, Idaho Cabernet is never going to be an easy sell. But new winemaker Chuck Devlin is a talent, and he gives this wine a distinct core of sweet black cherry fruit; not big, but perfectly ripe. It's set in a slightly earthy framework of root and rock, with a lightly chalky finish. —P.G.", 'A soft, approachable Sauvignon Blanc with aromas of yellow florals, ruby red grapefruit and yellow pepper. Riper peach flavors unfold in the mouth supported by solid acidity and a clean finish, Drink now. END
START HERE Okay, Idaho Cabernet is never going to be an easy sell. But new winemaker Chuck Devlin is a talent, and he gives this wine a distinct core of sweet black cherry fruit; not big, but perfectly ripe. It's set in a slightly earthy framework of root and rock, with a lightly chalky finish. —P.G.", 'A soft, approachable Sauvignon Blanc with aromas of yellow florals, ruby red grapefruit and yellow pepper. Riper peach flavors unfold in the mouth supported by solid acidity and a clean finish, Drink now.', 'A light and fruity wine that has bright black fruits and an edge of tannins. The black currant and acidity give the wine its fruity character, typical of the vintage. Drink now. END
START HERE A soft, approachable Sauvignon Blanc with aromas of yellow florals, ruby red grapefruit and yellow pepper. Riper peach flavors unfold in the mouth supported by solid acidity and a clean finish, Drink now.', 'A light and fruity wine that has bright black fruits and an edge of tannins. The black currant and acidity give the wine its fruity character, typical of the vintage. Drink now.', "A lightweight Pinot that's actually marketed as a rose, this wine nevertheless manages to pack in decent flavors of apple skin, red berries and cinnamon, capped off by some leathery, meaty notes. END
START HERE A light and fruity wine that has bright black fruits and an edge of tannins. The black currant and acidity give the wine its fruity character, typical of the vintage. Drink now.', "A lightweight Pinot that's actually marketed as a rose, this wine nevertheless manages to pack in decent flavors of apple skin, red berries and cinnamon, capped off by some leathery, meaty notes.", 'An attractive wine. The Chardonnay is fresh, lightly mineral, with flavors of red apples, lemon zest and crisp acidity. A great party wine. END
START HERE A lightweight Pinot that's actually marketed as a rose, this wine nevertheless manages to pack in decent flavors of apple skin, red berries and cinnamon, capped off by some leathery, meaty notes.", 'An attractive wine. The Chardonnay is fresh, lightly mineral, with flavors of red apples, lemon zest and crisp acidity. A great party wine.', "Whiffs of smoke and nuts mingle into tart tangerine and lime flavors in this refreshing off-dry Riesling. Juicy and fresh, it's a straightforward, revitalizing sip. Drink now through 2018. END
START HERE An attractive wine. The Chardonnay is fresh, lightly mineral, with flavors of red apples, lemon zest and crisp acidity. A great party wine.', "Whiffs of smoke and nuts mingle into tart tangerine and lime flavors in this refreshing off-dry Riesling. Juicy and fresh, it's a straightforward, revitalizing sip. Drink now through 2018.", "A great value wine to pair with homemade spaghetti sauce or grilled sausage with onions and bell peppers, this wine is soft and lush, with cherry, almond and blackberry notes. There's a touch of sweet strawberry on the close. END
START HERE Whiffs of smoke and nuts mingle into tart tangerine and lime flavors in this refreshing off-dry Riesling. Juicy and fresh, it's a straightforward, revitalizing sip. Drink now through 2018.", "A great value wine to pair with homemade spaghetti sauce or grilled sausage with onions and bell peppers, this wine is soft and lush, with cherry, almond and blackberry notes. There's a touch of sweet strawberry on the close.", 'Smells crisp and pineapple-y and tastes of tart pineapple and pear, but the mouthfeel is thick and syrupy. Finishes relatively clean and tangy. END
START HERE A great value wine to pair with homemade spaghetti sauce or grilled sausage with onions and bell peppers, this wine is soft and lush, with cherry, almond and blackberry notes. There's a touch of sweet strawberry on the close.", 'Smells crisp and pineapple-y and tastes of tart pineapple and pear, but the mouthfeel is thick and syrupy. Finishes relatively clean and tangy.', "Pungent, with grapefruit and grassy aromas that are true to the variety. The palate is fresh, the flavors good and fruity. There's mango and tangerine, and also some garden-fresh asparagus in the mix. The finish, too, is perfectly fresh; it's there one moment and gone the next. END
START HERE Smells crisp and pineapple-y and tastes of tart pineapple and pear, but the mouthfeel is thick and syrupy. Finishes relatively clean and tangy.', "Pungent, with grapefruit and grassy aromas that are true to the variety. The palate is fresh, the flavors good and fruity. There's mango and tangerine, and also some garden-fresh asparagus in the mix. The finish, too, is perfectly fresh; it's there one moment and gone the next.", "A tight note of spearmint defines the nose. The palate follows suit: It's pinched and hard, with outsized acidity leading to a lemony palate, with searing cherry and red plum flavors. It doesn't waiver on the finish. END
START HERE Pungent, with grapefruit and grassy aromas that are true to the variety. The palate is fresh, the flavors good and fruity. There's mango and tangerine, and also some garden-fresh asparagus in the mix. The finish, too, is perfectly fresh; it's there one moment and gone the next.", "A tight note of spearmint defines the nose. The palate follows suit: It's pinched and hard, with outsized acidity leading to a lemony palate, with searing cherry and red plum flavors. It doesn't waiver on the finish.", "Creamy in the nose, with a hint of vanilla and Bartlett pear. The palate isn't boring; there's cantaloupe and nutmeg nuances along with some papaya and banana. The weakness: The wine turns soft almost immediately upon pouring. END
START HERE A tight note of spearmint defines the nose. The palate follows suit: It's pinched and hard, with outsized acidity leading to a lemony palate, with searing cherry and red plum flavors. It doesn't waiver on the finish.", "Creamy in the nose, with a hint of vanilla and Bartlett pear. The palate isn't boring; there's cantaloupe and nutmeg nuances along with some papaya and banana. The weakness: The wine turns soft almost immediately upon pouring.", 'Nearly colorless as well as crisp and racy, this SB from northerly Limarí starts with snappy lime, white grapefruit and orange aromas. Reflecting its cooler origin, it is sharp as far as acidity goes, with a short, flashy finish. A little scouring but still good. Imported by Ecovalley Quality Wine Group and National Refrescos Import Company, LLC. END
START HERE Creamy in the nose, with a hint of vanilla and Bartlett pear. The palate isn't boring; there's cantaloupe and nutmeg nuances along with some papaya and banana. The weakness: The wine turns soft almost immediately upon pouring.", 'Nearly colorless as well as crisp and racy, this SB from northerly Limarí starts with snappy lime, white grapefruit and orange aromas. Reflecting its cooler origin, it is sharp as far as acidity goes, with a short, flashy finish. A little scouring but still good. Imported by Ecovalley Quality Wine Group and National Refrescos Import Company, LLC.', 'Feels flat and syrupy feeling, with sweet, herb flavors that suggest blueberry and baked plum. Finishes herbal. END
START HERE Nearly colorless as well as crisp and racy, this SB from northerly Limarí starts with snappy lime, white grapefruit and orange aromas. Reflecting its cooler origin, it is sharp as far as acidity goes, with a short, flashy finish. A little scouring but still good. Imported by Ecovalley Quality Wine Group and National Refrescos Import Company, LLC.', 'Feels flat and syrupy feeling, with sweet, herb flavors that suggest blueberry and baked plum. Finishes herbal.', 'Lemony and sort of chemical smelling, with green herbs, graphite and berry aromas. Feels compact, without much layering or body. Tastes herbal, with red currant and berry fruit in the background. Minty and resiny on the finish. END
START HERE Feels flat and syrupy feeling, with sweet, herb flavors that suggest blueberry and baked plum. Finishes herbal.', 'Lemony and sort of chemical smelling, with green herbs, graphite and berry aromas. Feels compact, without much layering or body. Tastes herbal, with red currant and berry fruit in the background. Minty and resiny on the finish.', 'Seemingly sweet and simple, this has orange and butterscotch candy flavors. END
START HERE Lemony and sort of chemical smelling, with green herbs, graphite and berry aromas. Feels compact, without much layering or body. Tastes herbal, with red currant and berry fruit in the background. Minty and resiny on the finish.', 'Seemingly sweet and simple, this has orange and butterscotch candy flavors.', "Whispy and lightweight on the nose, with hints of celery, sweat and passion fruit. There's not a ton to say about this pedestrian but well-made Sauvignon. It is citrusy with a touch of bell pepper, and it finishes in a comfortable way. Classic everyday SB from Casablanca is what this tastes, smells and feels like. Drink now. END
START HERE Seemingly sweet and simple, this has orange and butterscotch candy flavors.', "Whispy and lightweight on the nose, with hints of celery, sweat and passion fruit. There's not a ton to say about this pedestrian but well-made Sauvignon. It is citrusy with a touch of bell pepper, and it finishes in a comfortable way. Classic everyday SB from Casablanca is what this tastes, smells and feels like. Drink now.", 'After light scents of butter and spiced apple surface, the wine turns briny and pickled, both in aromas and flavors. It feels fleshy on the finish, with briny stone-fruit and citrus flavors. END
START HERE Whispy and lightweight on the nose, with hints of celery, sweat and passion fruit. There's not a ton to say about this pedestrian but well-made Sauvignon. It is citrusy with a touch of bell pepper, and it finishes in a comfortable way. Classic everyday SB from Casablanca is what this tastes, smells and feels like. Drink now.", 'After light scents of butter and spiced apple surface, the wine turns briny and pickled, both in aromas and flavors. It feels fleshy on the finish, with briny stone-fruit and citrus flavors.', 'Herbal and spicy, with some rubbery notes to the nose and a bit of pickle to the flavors. The plum fruit on the palate is round and peppery, while the wine finishes warm and full. Decent fruit but not rich. END
START HERE After light scents of butter and spiced apple surface, the wine turns briny and pickled, both in aromas and flavors. It feels fleshy on the finish, with briny stone-fruit and citrus flavors.', 'Herbal and spicy, with some rubbery notes to the nose and a bit of pickle to the flavors. The plum fruit on the palate is round and peppery, while the wine finishes warm and full. Decent fruit but not rich.', 'Attractive aromas of fresh raspberry and strawberry lead the bouquet of this wine, with secondary accents of mocha and earth. Bright and lively on the palate, with tart red-fruit flavors of currant and rhubarb that carry through to a brisk, mouthwatering finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Herbal and spicy, with some rubbery notes to the nose and a bit of pickle to the flavors. The plum fruit on the palate is round and peppery, while the wine finishes warm and full. Decent fruit but not rich.', 'Attractive aromas of fresh raspberry and strawberry lead the bouquet of this wine, with secondary accents of mocha and earth. Bright and lively on the palate, with tart red-fruit flavors of currant and rhubarb that carry through to a brisk, mouthwatering finish. Drink now.', 'Fragrant, with scents and flavors of pears and orange blossoms. This wine has 1.8% residual sugar, which qualifies it as off-dry, but it is still quite suitable for a wide range of foods, especially spicy Asian dishes. Full, fleshy and well-made, it delivers plenty of fresh fruit flavor with enough spice and acid to give a lift to the finish. END
START HERE Attractive aromas of fresh raspberry and strawberry lead the bouquet of this wine, with secondary accents of mocha and earth. Bright and lively on the palate, with tart red-fruit flavors of currant and rhubarb that carry through to a brisk, mouthwatering finish. Drink now.', 'Fragrant, with scents and flavors of pears and orange blossoms. This wine has 1.8% residual sugar, which qualifies it as off-dry, but it is still quite suitable for a wide range of foods, especially spicy Asian dishes. Full, fleshy and well-made, it delivers plenty of fresh fruit flavor with enough spice and acid to give a lift to the finish.', 'Clean and light with easy-pleasing notes of red apple flesh and tropical fruit acidity. A touch of buttered toasted challah bread adds depth to the close. Drink now. END
START HERE Fragrant, with scents and flavors of pears and orange blossoms. This wine has 1.8% residual sugar, which qualifies it as off-dry, but it is still quite suitable for a wide range of foods, especially spicy Asian dishes. Full, fleshy and well-made, it delivers plenty of fresh fruit flavor with enough spice and acid to give a lift to the finish.', 'Clean and light with easy-pleasing notes of red apple flesh and tropical fruit acidity. A touch of buttered toasted challah bread adds depth to the close. Drink now.', 'Dull and cidery, with mealy apple aromas and similar flavors. Offers almost nothing besides a pale straw color, generic white fruit and corny side notes. END
START HERE Clean and light with easy-pleasing notes of red apple flesh and tropical fruit acidity. A touch of buttered toasted challah bread adds depth to the close. Drink now.', 'Dull and cidery, with mealy apple aromas and similar flavors. Offers almost nothing besides a pale straw color, generic white fruit and corny side notes.', 'The aromas of jasmine, honeysuckle, ripe peach and botrytis are bright. The mouthwatering stone-fruit flavors are sweet and persist, with white flowers on the finish. END
START HERE Dull and cidery, with mealy apple aromas and similar flavors. Offers almost nothing besides a pale straw color, generic white fruit and corny side notes.', 'The aromas of jasmine, honeysuckle, ripe peach and botrytis are bright. The mouthwatering stone-fruit flavors are sweet and persist, with white flowers on the finish.', 'At 2.3% residual sugar, this is nicely balanced between sweet and dry. The fruit links peach, apricot and pear with a honey in tea streak that carries into the finish. END
START HERE The aromas of jasmine, honeysuckle, ripe peach and botrytis are bright. The mouthwatering stone-fruit flavors are sweet and persist, with white flowers on the finish.', 'At 2.3% residual sugar, this is nicely balanced between sweet and dry. The fruit links peach, apricot and pear with a honey in tea streak that carries into the finish.', 'Herb, grapefruit and passion-fruit aromas lead the way on this well-priced pleaser. The flavors are plush in feel but with plenty of acid backing them up. END
START HERE At 2.3% residual sugar, this is nicely balanced between sweet and dry. The fruit links peach, apricot and pear with a honey in tea streak that carries into the finish.', 'Herb, grapefruit and passion-fruit aromas lead the way on this well-priced pleaser. The flavors are plush in feel but with plenty of acid backing them up.', 'Prune is the most distinct aroma on a generic yet ripe nose. This feels shearing and high in acidity, while raspberry flavors fold in sharp tartaric notes. Short on the finish, as might be expected. END
START HERE Herb, grapefruit and passion-fruit aromas lead the way on this well-priced pleaser. The flavors are plush in feel but with plenty of acid backing them up.', 'Prune is the most distinct aroma on a generic yet ripe nose. This feels shearing and high in acidity, while raspberry flavors fold in sharp tartaric notes. Short on the finish, as might be expected.', "Faintly nutty notes of toasted grain accent this wine's otherwise straightforward pineapple fruit. It's medium in body, with a fine line of crisp acidity running through it from start to finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Prune is the most distinct aroma on a generic yet ripe nose. This feels shearing and high in acidity, while raspberry flavors fold in sharp tartaric notes. Short on the finish, as might be expected.', "Faintly nutty notes of toasted grain accent this wine's otherwise straightforward pineapple fruit. It's medium in body, with a fine line of crisp acidity running through it from start to finish. Drink now.", "Yes, this is a rosé of Merlot from high altitude vineyards in the south of France. It's medium in weight, offering hints of red berries, wild herbs and wet stones and a clean, refreshing finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Faintly nutty notes of toasted grain accent this wine's otherwise straightforward pineapple fruit. It's medium in body, with a fine line of crisp acidity running through it from start to finish. Drink now.", "Yes, this is a rosé of Merlot from high altitude vineyards in the south of France. It's medium in weight, offering hints of red berries, wild herbs and wet stones and a clean, refreshing finish. Drink now.", "Lively and juicy, this is packed with fresh red cherry fruits, red currants and some wood. It's round, soft, only lightly tannic. END
START HERE Yes, this is a rosé of Merlot from high altitude vineyards in the south of France. It's medium in weight, offering hints of red berries, wild herbs and wet stones and a clean, refreshing finish. Drink now.", "Lively and juicy, this is packed with fresh red cherry fruits, red currants and some wood. It's round, soft, only lightly tannic.", 'This wine is dry, full and brimming with ripe red-berry fruits. A blend of Syrah and Touriga Nacional, it has a rich character that gives the wine more weight than freshness. Drink now. END
START HERE Lively and juicy, this is packed with fresh red cherry fruits, red currants and some wood. It's round, soft, only lightly tannic.", 'This wine is dry, full and brimming with ripe red-berry fruits. A blend of Syrah and Touriga Nacional, it has a rich character that gives the wine more weight than freshness. Drink now.', 'An aromatic wine with notes of dried apricot and flowers. At 70 g/L residual sugar, it drinks sweet and is a quaffable crowd pleaser. END
START HERE This wine is dry, full and brimming with ripe red-berry fruits. A blend of Syrah and Touriga Nacional, it has a rich character that gives the wine more weight than freshness. Drink now.', 'An aromatic wine with notes of dried apricot and flowers. At 70 g/L residual sugar, it drinks sweet and is a quaffable crowd pleaser.', 'Earth, leather, rubber and black-cherry aromas set up a tight, restrainted palate. The palate brings wood grain and raspberry tones to the mix, while the finish feels slightly hot. END
START HERE An aromatic wine with notes of dried apricot and flowers. At 70 g/L residual sugar, it drinks sweet and is a quaffable crowd pleaser.', 'Earth, leather, rubber and black-cherry aromas set up a tight, restrainted palate. The palate brings wood grain and raspberry tones to the mix, while the finish feels slightly hot.', "This bargain Pinot Noir is a pleasant surprise from Romania's Prahova Valley with pretty aromas of black cherries, bark and menthol. Concentrated plum and cherry flavors are countered by darker notes of coffee grinds, earth and bramble. Medium bodied with balanced tannins and acidity, it's a straightforward, everyday kind of wine, but a promising start for Romania's wine industry. END
START HERE Earth, leather, rubber and black-cherry aromas set up a tight, restrainted palate. The palate brings wood grain and raspberry tones to the mix, while the finish feels slightly hot.', "This bargain Pinot Noir is a pleasant surprise from Romania's Prahova Valley with pretty aromas of black cherries, bark and menthol. Concentrated plum and cherry flavors are countered by darker notes of coffee grinds, earth and bramble. Medium bodied with balanced tannins and acidity, it's a straightforward, everyday kind of wine, but a promising start for Romania's wine industry.", 'Very pungent in gooseberry aromas, this ultra-dry wine is crisp in mouthwatering acidity. The flavors are of grapefruits, orange rind, vanilla and spice. END
START HERE This bargain Pinot Noir is a pleasant surprise from Romania's Prahova Valley with pretty aromas of black cherries, bark and menthol. Concentrated plum and cherry flavors are countered by darker notes of coffee grinds, earth and bramble. Medium bodied with balanced tannins and acidity, it's a straightforward, everyday kind of wine, but a promising start for Romania's wine industry.", 'Very pungent in gooseberry aromas, this ultra-dry wine is crisp in mouthwatering acidity. The flavors are of grapefruits, orange rind, vanilla and spice.', "A négociant bottling from the ubiquitous Yvon Mau, this wine proudly boasts élevé en futs du chene on the label. You can certainly notice it in the cedary aromas and flavors, but it's adequately balanced by cassis and tobacco flavors. The fruit tastes a touch overripe, but it seems to work well here. END
START HERE Very pungent in gooseberry aromas, this ultra-dry wine is crisp in mouthwatering acidity. The flavors are of grapefruits, orange rind, vanilla and spice.', "A négociant bottling from the ubiquitous Yvon Mau, this wine proudly boasts élevé en futs du chene on the label. You can certainly notice it in the cedary aromas and flavors, but it's adequately balanced by cassis and tobacco flavors. The fruit tastes a touch overripe, but it seems to work well here.", "This is one of the best value-oriented Sauvignon Blancs in California. It's dry and tart with acidity, along with rewarding flavors of lemons, limes, golden mangoes and gooseberries. END
START HERE A négociant bottling from the ubiquitous Yvon Mau, this wine proudly boasts élevé en futs du chene on the label. You can certainly notice it in the cedary aromas and flavors, but it's adequately balanced by cassis and tobacco flavors. The fruit tastes a touch overripe, but it seems to work well here.", "This is one of the best value-oriented Sauvignon Blancs in California. It's dry and tart with acidity, along with rewarding flavors of lemons, limes, golden mangoes and gooseberries.", 'Oaky notes of buttered toast, dried apple slices and baked peach are upfront in the bouquet of this wine. The palate is similarly rich and round, but with ample acidity to keep it from falling completely flat. Flavors of orange creamsicle and spiced apple linger on the close. END
START HERE This is one of the best value-oriented Sauvignon Blancs in California. It's dry and tart with acidity, along with rewarding flavors of lemons, limes, golden mangoes and gooseberries.", 'Oaky notes of buttered toast, dried apple slices and baked peach are upfront in the bouquet of this wine. The palate is similarly rich and round, but with ample acidity to keep it from falling completely flat. Flavors of orange creamsicle and spiced apple linger on the close.', 'The is a soft, gentle wine with ripe berry fruit. Minimal tannins are embedded in its fruitiness and rounded texture. Drink now. END
START HERE Oaky notes of buttered toast, dried apple slices and baked peach are upfront in the bouquet of this wine. The palate is similarly rich and round, but with ample acidity to keep it from falling completely flat. Flavors of orange creamsicle and spiced apple linger on the close.', 'The is a soft, gentle wine with ripe berry fruit. Minimal tannins are embedded in its fruitiness and rounded texture. Drink now.', 'This is a ripe and fruity rosé, with forward notes of lychee, rose water, peach gummies and tropical fruit salad. The palate is round and plump in similarly rich fruit flavors, with just enough acidity to keep it from feeling completely flat. Drink up. END
START HERE The is a soft, gentle wine with ripe berry fruit. Minimal tannins are embedded in its fruitiness and rounded texture. Drink now.', 'This is a ripe and fruity rosé, with forward notes of lychee, rose water, peach gummies and tropical fruit salad. The palate is round and plump in similarly rich fruit flavors, with just enough acidity to keep it from feeling completely flat. Drink up.', 'With its signature herbal aromas with tangy, grapefruit-like acidity, this wine is light, fruity and ready to drink. END
START HERE This is a ripe and fruity rosé, with forward notes of lychee, rose water, peach gummies and tropical fruit salad. The palate is round and plump in similarly rich fruit flavors, with just enough acidity to keep it from feeling completely flat. Drink up.', 'With its signature herbal aromas with tangy, grapefruit-like acidity, this wine is light, fruity and ready to drink.', 'Lots of mushrooms in the nose, giving it a lively, gamy, forest floor quality. The fruit is there as well, wild berries and cherries, and the finish lingers through layers of complex, interesting flavors. END
START HERE With its signature herbal aromas with tangy, grapefruit-like acidity, this wine is light, fruity and ready to drink.', 'Lots of mushrooms in the nose, giving it a lively, gamy, forest floor quality. The fruit is there as well, wild berries and cherries, and the finish lingers through layers of complex, interesting flavors.', "Named after the many lighthouses which guide sailors on the French Atlantic coast, this soft and fruity wine is made from 100% Merlot. Crisp, with plenty of red fruit, it's light and ready to drink. END
START HERE Lots of mushrooms in the nose, giving it a lively, gamy, forest floor quality. The fruit is there as well, wild berries and cherries, and the finish lingers through layers of complex, interesting flavors.', "Named after the many lighthouses which guide sailors on the French Atlantic coast, this soft and fruity wine is made from 100% Merlot. Crisp, with plenty of red fruit, it's light and ready to drink.", "Char, sawdust and black cherry aromas confirm the wine's “oak cask” labeling. Full bodied and ripe, it conveys meaty thickness and bold flavors of berry and spiced plum. A toasty, charred finish is lifted by bright acidity and fresh black-fruit flavors. This will go well with just about anything off the grill. END
START HERE Named after the many lighthouses which guide sailors on the French Atlantic coast, this soft and fruity wine is made from 100% Merlot. Crisp, with plenty of red fruit, it's light and ready to drink.", "Char, sawdust and black cherry aromas confirm the wine's “oak cask” labeling. Full bodied and ripe, it conveys meaty thickness and bold flavors of berry and spiced plum. A toasty, charred finish is lifted by bright acidity and fresh black-fruit flavors. This will go well with just about anything off the grill.", 'Like a cherry pie with a graham cracker crust in liquid form, this medium-bodied, sweet style of wine combines the sweet-tart cherry and buttery crust flavors. It is fresh and uncomplicated. END
START HERE Char, sawdust and black cherry aromas confirm the wine's “oak cask” labeling. Full bodied and ripe, it conveys meaty thickness and bold flavors of berry and spiced plum. A toasty, charred finish is lifted by bright acidity and fresh black-fruit flavors. This will go well with just about anything off the grill.", 'Like a cherry pie with a graham cracker crust in liquid form, this medium-bodied, sweet style of wine combines the sweet-tart cherry and buttery crust flavors. It is fresh and uncomplicated.', 'Moutfilling though not necessarily nuanced, this Merlot offers blackberry, oak and earth flavors, and similar aromas. A great choice for casual circumstances or big gatherings. END
START HERE Like a cherry pie with a graham cracker crust in liquid form, this medium-bodied, sweet style of wine combines the sweet-tart cherry and buttery crust flavors. It is fresh and uncomplicated.', 'Moutfilling though not necessarily nuanced, this Merlot offers blackberry, oak and earth flavors, and similar aromas. A great choice for casual circumstances or big gatherings.', 'Slightly spritzy and slightly sweet, this ready-to-drink Chardonnay has a soft entry that hints at oxidation. Perfectly pleasant for everyday drinking, it will show best if chilled. END
START HERE Moutfilling though not necessarily nuanced, this Merlot offers blackberry, oak and earth flavors, and similar aromas. A great choice for casual circumstances or big gatherings.', 'Slightly spritzy and slightly sweet, this ready-to-drink Chardonnay has a soft entry that hints at oxidation. Perfectly pleasant for everyday drinking, it will show best if chilled.', 'This well-balanced Merlot displays a deep ruby/purple color and plenty of plum flavors. Coffee and herb notes add a touch of complexity, and the texture is smooth and even. The finish has good length for a modestly priced red. END
START HERE Slightly spritzy and slightly sweet, this ready-to-drink Chardonnay has a soft entry that hints at oxidation. Perfectly pleasant for everyday drinking, it will show best if chilled.', 'This well-balanced Merlot displays a deep ruby/purple color and plenty of plum flavors. Coffee and herb notes add a touch of complexity, and the texture is smooth and even. The finish has good length for a modestly priced red.', 'High toned, alcoholic nose, with cherry nail-polish scents. Cherries and plums fill the mouth, along with tongue-lashing tannins. The blend includes 6% Grenache and 4% Mourvèdre, which gives it a nice, peppery edge. Lots of flavor for this price. END
START HERE This well-balanced Merlot displays a deep ruby/purple color and plenty of plum flavors. Coffee and herb notes add a touch of complexity, and the texture is smooth and even. The finish has good length for a modestly priced red.', 'High toned, alcoholic nose, with cherry nail-polish scents. Cherries and plums fill the mouth, along with tongue-lashing tannins. The blend includes 6% Grenache and 4% Mourvèdre, which gives it a nice, peppery edge. Lots of flavor for this price.', 'This is a succulent and juicy red wine with pretty cherry nuances, mature prune and spice. The wine tastes slightly sweet and offers clean flavors of blueberry and bright red fruit on the close. END
START HERE High toned, alcoholic nose, with cherry nail-polish scents. Cherries and plums fill the mouth, along with tongue-lashing tannins. The blend includes 6% Grenache and 4% Mourvèdre, which gives it a nice, peppery edge. Lots of flavor for this price.', 'This is a succulent and juicy red wine with pretty cherry nuances, mature prune and spice. The wine tastes slightly sweet and offers clean flavors of blueberry and bright red fruit on the close.', 'An herbal Sauvignon that is fresh and on the lean side. The flavors are of crisp green apples, very fruity, with a structure of lime zest and vivid acidity on the finish. Screwcap. END
START HERE This is a succulent and juicy red wine with pretty cherry nuances, mature prune and spice. The wine tastes slightly sweet and offers clean flavors of blueberry and bright red fruit on the close.', 'An herbal Sauvignon that is fresh and on the lean side. The flavors are of crisp green apples, very fruity, with a structure of lime zest and vivid acidity on the finish. Screwcap.', 'A pleasant and easy-drinking selection, this leads with softly medicinal aromas of raspberry and red plum alongside a touch of violet. The palate is light and direct, with bright red-fruit flavors that finish short but clean. END
START HERE An herbal Sauvignon that is fresh and on the lean side. The flavors are of crisp green apples, very fruity, with a structure of lime zest and vivid acidity on the finish. Screwcap.', 'A pleasant and easy-drinking selection, this leads with softly medicinal aromas of raspberry and red plum alongside a touch of violet. The palate is light and direct, with bright red-fruit flavors that finish short but clean.', 'Earthy tones of menthol, licorice, black pepper and blackcurrant leaf compliment the blackberry and plum core of this lush yet soft Cab. The palate is plush and round, with light tannins and a sweet-oak finish. END
START HERE A pleasant and easy-drinking selection, this leads with softly medicinal aromas of raspberry and red plum alongside a touch of violet. The palate is light and direct, with bright red-fruit flavors that finish short but clean.', 'Earthy tones of menthol, licorice, black pepper and blackcurrant leaf compliment the blackberry and plum core of this lush yet soft Cab. The palate is plush and round, with light tannins and a sweet-oak finish.', "This is a fat, soft and smooth wine. It has juicy red fruit and acidity, with light tannins that lend support. It's ready to drink. END
START HERE Earthy tones of menthol, licorice, black pepper and blackcurrant leaf compliment the blackberry and plum core of this lush yet soft Cab. The palate is plush and round, with light tannins and a sweet-oak finish.', "This is a fat, soft and smooth wine. It has juicy red fruit and acidity, with light tannins that lend support. It's ready to drink.", "Lovely natural acidity keeps this sweet wine light on its feet, underscoring the honeyed pear fruit flavors with grapefruit and a hint of minerality. For a wine in this price range, with 11,000 case production levels, it's a marvelous achievement. END
START HERE This is a fat, soft and smooth wine. It has juicy red fruit and acidity, with light tannins that lend support. It's ready to drink.", "Lovely natural acidity keeps this sweet wine light on its feet, underscoring the honeyed pear fruit flavors with grapefruit and a hint of minerality. For a wine in this price range, with 11,000 case production levels, it's a marvelous achievement.", 'Red-cherry flavors dominate this soft fruity wine. It is aromatic, full of ripe fruitiness and with just the right touch of acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE Lovely natural acidity keeps this sweet wine light on its feet, underscoring the honeyed pear fruit flavors with grapefruit and a hint of minerality. For a wine in this price range, with 11,000 case production levels, it's a marvelous achievement.", 'Red-cherry flavors dominate this soft fruity wine. It is aromatic, full of ripe fruitiness and with just the right touch of acidity. Drink now.', 'This is a fruity, crisp wine with an attractive balance between acidity and sweetness. Ripe strawberries give the fruit flavor while the acidity at the light prickle on the palate add a crisper aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE Red-cherry flavors dominate this soft fruity wine. It is aromatic, full of ripe fruitiness and with just the right touch of acidity. Drink now.', 'This is a fruity, crisp wine with an attractive balance between acidity and sweetness. Ripe strawberries give the fruit flavor while the acidity at the light prickle on the palate add a crisper aftertaste. Drink now.', "With rubbery, slightly herbal aromas of generic red berry, this comes across standard on the nose. In the mouth, it's fresh but smacks hard with acidity, while simple raspberry and plum flavors end herbal and lightly baked tasting. END
START HERE This is a fruity, crisp wine with an attractive balance between acidity and sweetness. Ripe strawberries give the fruit flavor while the acidity at the light prickle on the palate add a crisper aftertaste. Drink now.', "With rubbery, slightly herbal aromas of generic red berry, this comes across standard on the nose. In the mouth, it's fresh but smacks hard with acidity, while simple raspberry and plum flavors end herbal and lightly baked tasting.", 'Skin-driven red fruit characteristics abound on the nose, alongside soft vanilla and purple floral accents. Cherry and mulberry flavors dominate in the lightly-structured mouth, and the wine closes with a mouthwatering freshness. END
START HERE With rubbery, slightly herbal aromas of generic red berry, this comes across standard on the nose. In the mouth, it's fresh but smacks hard with acidity, while simple raspberry and plum flavors end herbal and lightly baked tasting.", 'Skin-driven red fruit characteristics abound on the nose, alongside soft vanilla and purple floral accents. Cherry and mulberry flavors dominate in the lightly-structured mouth, and the wine closes with a mouthwatering freshness.', 'Pulpy aromas of applesauce are a bit flat. This feels chunky on the palate, with low acidity. White-fruit flavors suggest canned peach and pear, and it tastes sweet on the finish. END
START HERE Skin-driven red fruit characteristics abound on the nose, alongside soft vanilla and purple floral accents. Cherry and mulberry flavors dominate in the lightly-structured mouth, and the wine closes with a mouthwatering freshness.', 'Pulpy aromas of applesauce are a bit flat. This feels chunky on the palate, with low acidity. White-fruit flavors suggest canned peach and pear, and it tastes sweet on the finish.', 'Earthy, murky, raw aromas of generic berry fruits topped with vanilla and marshmallow set up a chunky but lazy palate with herbal plum flavors that border on green. END
START HERE Pulpy aromas of applesauce are a bit flat. This feels chunky on the palate, with low acidity. White-fruit flavors suggest canned peach and pear, and it tastes sweet on the finish.', 'Earthy, murky, raw aromas of generic berry fruits topped with vanilla and marshmallow set up a chunky but lazy palate with herbal plum flavors that border on green.', 'Raspberry and plum aromas include notes of brown sugar and warm pavement. A dense, chewy palate is packed with fruit and tannins. Flavors of minty oak and berry fruits dissolve into a heap of tannin and oak on the finish. END
START HERE Earthy, murky, raw aromas of generic berry fruits topped with vanilla and marshmallow set up a chunky but lazy palate with herbal plum flavors that border on green.', 'Raspberry and plum aromas include notes of brown sugar and warm pavement. A dense, chewy palate is packed with fruit and tannins. Flavors of minty oak and berry fruits dissolve into a heap of tannin and oak on the finish.', 'Made with 40% Sangiovese, 30% Merlot and 30% Syrah, this informal red has subdued aromas of strawberry and orange peel. The easygoing palate offers red plum and a hint of brown spice alongside soft tannins. Enjoy soon. END
START HERE Raspberry and plum aromas include notes of brown sugar and warm pavement. A dense, chewy palate is packed with fruit and tannins. Flavors of minty oak and berry fruits dissolve into a heap of tannin and oak on the finish.', 'Made with 40% Sangiovese, 30% Merlot and 30% Syrah, this informal red has subdued aromas of strawberry and orange peel. The easygoing palate offers red plum and a hint of brown spice alongside soft tannins. Enjoy soon.', "A light citrus and pine scent is the first impression then the flavors of this medium-bodied wine turn to ripe pear and apple notes. It feels full and smooth on the tongue. It's a nice choice when you're on a budget. END
START HERE Made with 40% Sangiovese, 30% Merlot and 30% Syrah, this informal red has subdued aromas of strawberry and orange peel. The easygoing palate offers red plum and a hint of brown spice alongside soft tannins. Enjoy soon.', "A light citrus and pine scent is the first impression then the flavors of this medium-bodied wine turn to ripe pear and apple notes. It feels full and smooth on the tongue. It's a nice choice when you're on a budget.", "Here's a solid everyday Zin, lusty and rustic, offering up a big gulp of fruity flavor. Blackberries, cherries, mulberries, root beer, licorice, and just about every spice you can name shows up. It's a dry, tannic wine that will love rich, fatty meats and cheeses. END
START HERE A light citrus and pine scent is the first impression then the flavors of this medium-bodied wine turn to ripe pear and apple notes. It feels full and smooth on the tongue. It's a nice choice when you're on a budget.", "Here's a solid everyday Zin, lusty and rustic, offering up a big gulp of fruity flavor. Blackberries, cherries, mulberries, root beer, licorice, and just about every spice you can name shows up. It's a dry, tannic wine that will love rich, fatty meats and cheeses.", "Comes down on the rustic side, but for the price it's pretty good for a dry Cabernet. Shows the variety's full-bodied fanciness in the blackberry, currant, cocoa and licorice flavors, with a rich steak of vanilla oak. END
START HERE Here's a solid everyday Zin, lusty and rustic, offering up a big gulp of fruity flavor. Blackberries, cherries, mulberries, root beer, licorice, and just about every spice you can name shows up. It's a dry, tannic wine that will love rich, fatty meats and cheeses.", "Comes down on the rustic side, but for the price it's pretty good for a dry Cabernet. Shows the variety's full-bodied fanciness in the blackberry, currant, cocoa and licorice flavors, with a rich steak of vanilla oak.", 'Thin and lean, with herb, tobacco and cherry skin flavors that finish dry and sharp. Drink up. END
START HERE Comes down on the rustic side, but for the price it's pretty good for a dry Cabernet. Shows the variety's full-bodied fanciness in the blackberry, currant, cocoa and licorice flavors, with a rich steak of vanilla oak.", 'Thin and lean, with herb, tobacco and cherry skin flavors that finish dry and sharp. Drink up.', 'Reduced, jammy and inky on the nose, this feels big, muscular and tannic on the palate. Blackberry, cassis and plum flavors are good and ripe, while the finish feels rubbery and tough, with toasty lead flavors and a licorice note. END
START HERE Thin and lean, with herb, tobacco and cherry skin flavors that finish dry and sharp. Drink up.', 'Reduced, jammy and inky on the nose, this feels big, muscular and tannic on the palate. Blackberry, cassis and plum flavors are good and ripe, while the finish feels rubbery and tough, with toasty lead flavors and a licorice note.', 'A cheerful nose of raspberry, strawberry and lemon starts this rosé blend, and like flavors follow in layers that offer substance beyond the typical rosé. The wine has a touch of sweetness and a more unctuous mouthfeel than the nose might suggest, giving it the weight to pair with more complex dishes. Overall, an affordable, elegant choice. END
START HERE Reduced, jammy and inky on the nose, this feels big, muscular and tannic on the palate. Blackberry, cassis and plum flavors are good and ripe, while the finish feels rubbery and tough, with toasty lead flavors and a licorice note.', 'A cheerful nose of raspberry, strawberry and lemon starts this rosé blend, and like flavors follow in layers that offer substance beyond the typical rosé. The wine has a touch of sweetness and a more unctuous mouthfeel than the nose might suggest, giving it the weight to pair with more complex dishes. Overall, an affordable, elegant choice.', "Ripe and rustic, this is a good everyday Merlot made for simple fare. It's rich and direct in blackberry pie, cherry jam, cola, cocoa and smoky vanilla flavors. END
START HERE A cheerful nose of raspberry, strawberry and lemon starts this rosé blend, and like flavors follow in layers that offer substance beyond the typical rosé. The wine has a touch of sweetness and a more unctuous mouthfeel than the nose might suggest, giving it the weight to pair with more complex dishes. Overall, an affordable, elegant choice.', "Ripe and rustic, this is a good everyday Merlot made for simple fare. It's rich and direct in blackberry pie, cherry jam, cola, cocoa and smoky vanilla flavors.", "Made in the sweet, simple way, with pineapple and orange jam fruit, buttered popcorn and vanilla flavors. However, the price isn't bad, and it will appeal to a lot of your friends at parties for its California richness. END
START HERE Ripe and rustic, this is a good everyday Merlot made for simple fare. It's rich and direct in blackberry pie, cherry jam, cola, cocoa and smoky vanilla flavors.", "Made in the sweet, simple way, with pineapple and orange jam fruit, buttered popcorn and vanilla flavors. However, the price isn't bad, and it will appeal to a lot of your friends at parties for its California richness.", "This easy expression of Syrah is redolent of ripe berry, moist earth and forest floor. There's a touch of fresh mint or peppermint as well, and a drying mineral feel on the close. END
START HERE Made in the sweet, simple way, with pineapple and orange jam fruit, buttered popcorn and vanilla flavors. However, the price isn't bad, and it will appeal to a lot of your friends at parties for its California richness.", "This easy expression of Syrah is redolent of ripe berry, moist earth and forest floor. There's a touch of fresh mint or peppermint as well, and a drying mineral feel on the close.", 'Asphalt, crusty leather and herbal berry aromas are the opening on this racy Merlot. Flavors run from herbal, peppery and olive-driven to red-berry fruits. A spicy finish brings enough red-cherry character to make things work. END
START HERE This easy expression of Syrah is redolent of ripe berry, moist earth and forest floor. There's a touch of fresh mint or peppermint as well, and a drying mineral feel on the close.", 'Asphalt, crusty leather and herbal berry aromas are the opening on this racy Merlot. Flavors run from herbal, peppery and olive-driven to red-berry fruits. A spicy finish brings enough red-cherry character to make things work.', 'This ripe, tropical fruit-driven style of Sauvignon Blanc from the south of France is tangy and ready to drink. END
START HERE Asphalt, crusty leather and herbal berry aromas are the opening on this racy Merlot. Flavors run from herbal, peppery and olive-driven to red-berry fruits. A spicy finish brings enough red-cherry character to make things work.', 'This ripe, tropical fruit-driven style of Sauvignon Blanc from the south of France is tangy and ready to drink.', 'Simple and clean up front, with inviting aromas. The mouth on this wine is broad and satisfying, and the flavors of plum, blackberry, black olive and buttery oak work in tandem. The finish is a bit aggressive, and here the oak is powerful as it leaves a bitter lasting sensation. But overall the wine impresses for its solidity and full fruit. END
START HERE This ripe, tropical fruit-driven style of Sauvignon Blanc from the south of France is tangy and ready to drink.', 'Simple and clean up front, with inviting aromas. The mouth on this wine is broad and satisfying, and the flavors of plum, blackberry, black olive and buttery oak work in tandem. The finish is a bit aggressive, and here the oak is powerful as it leaves a bitter lasting sensation. But overall the wine impresses for its solidity and full fruit.', "A simple Merlot, soft and sweet in raspberries, cherries and red licorice. At this price, it's perfectly fine for casual fare and big parties. END
START HERE Simple and clean up front, with inviting aromas. The mouth on this wine is broad and satisfying, and the flavors of plum, blackberry, black olive and buttery oak work in tandem. The finish is a bit aggressive, and here the oak is powerful as it leaves a bitter lasting sensation. But overall the wine impresses for its solidity and full fruit.', "A simple Merlot, soft and sweet in raspberries, cherries and red licorice. At this price, it's perfectly fine for casual fare and big parties.", 'Pretty harsh, with green tannins and minty flavors, relieved by some modest cherry notes. END
START HERE A simple Merlot, soft and sweet in raspberries, cherries and red licorice. At this price, it's perfectly fine for casual fare and big parties.", 'Pretty harsh, with green tannins and minty flavors, relieved by some modest cherry notes.', "Elegant and feminine on the nose with lovely cassis, toasted oak and violet notes, this medium-bodied Cab is another excellent bargain from Romania's Prahova Valley. Sturdy tannins and a pleasant astringency add structure to the luscious, ripe red fruits on the palate. It's high in acid, but well balanced, ending in a puckery, sour cherry finish. END
START HERE Pretty harsh, with green tannins and minty flavors, relieved by some modest cherry notes.', "Elegant and feminine on the nose with lovely cassis, toasted oak and violet notes, this medium-bodied Cab is another excellent bargain from Romania's Prahova Valley. Sturdy tannins and a pleasant astringency add structure to the luscious, ripe red fruits on the palate. It's high in acid, but well balanced, ending in a puckery, sour cherry finish.", 'The green apple, apple skin and flower aromas pop. The off-dry peach flavors keep you coming back for more. END
START HERE Elegant and feminine on the nose with lovely cassis, toasted oak and violet notes, this medium-bodied Cab is another excellent bargain from Romania's Prahova Valley. Sturdy tannins and a pleasant astringency add structure to the luscious, ripe red fruits on the palate. It's high in acid, but well balanced, ending in a puckery, sour cherry finish.", 'The green apple, apple skin and flower aromas pop. The off-dry peach flavors keep you coming back for more.', "Hints of almond and lemon rind lend complexity to sweet honeydew and white peach flavors in this featherlight Riesling. Lacy sweetness coats the midpalate, offsetting streaks of tart lemon-lime and grapefruit. It's a pristine wine best enjoyed young for its refreshing, quaffable style. END
START HERE The green apple, apple skin and flower aromas pop. The off-dry peach flavors keep you coming back for more.', "Hints of almond and lemon rind lend complexity to sweet honeydew and white peach flavors in this featherlight Riesling. Lacy sweetness coats the midpalate, offsetting streaks of tart lemon-lime and grapefruit. It's a pristine wine best enjoyed young for its refreshing, quaffable style.", 'The aromas of herbs and jammy fruit are light while the palate offers plush-feeling cocoa and berry flavors. This offers a lot of enjoyment for the price. END
START HERE Hints of almond and lemon rind lend complexity to sweet honeydew and white peach flavors in this featherlight Riesling. Lacy sweetness coats the midpalate, offsetting streaks of tart lemon-lime and grapefruit. It's a pristine wine best enjoyed young for its refreshing, quaffable style.", 'The aromas of herbs and jammy fruit are light while the palate offers plush-feeling cocoa and berry flavors. This offers a lot of enjoyment for the price.', 'A blend of Cabernet (70%) and Merlot, it offers aromas of dried herbs and rasinated dark fruit along with a kiss of vanilla. The fruit flavors are plump in feel with a sweet finish. END
START HERE The aromas of herbs and jammy fruit are light while the palate offers plush-feeling cocoa and berry flavors. This offers a lot of enjoyment for the price.', 'A blend of Cabernet (70%) and Merlot, it offers aromas of dried herbs and rasinated dark fruit along with a kiss of vanilla. The fruit flavors are plump in feel with a sweet finish.', "What slight dark cherry fruit there is in this light '97 is submerged under the oak. It's a bit brown at the edges and overwooded. —M.M. END
START HERE A blend of Cabernet (70%) and Merlot, it offers aromas of dried herbs and rasinated dark fruit along with a kiss of vanilla. The fruit flavors are plump in feel with a sweet finish.', "What slight dark cherry fruit there is in this light '97 is submerged under the oak. It's a bit brown at the edges and overwooded. —M.M.", 'Gritty cherry aromas with a tarry background come before a snappy, juicy, racy palate. This is a quick, tart, slightly salty wine with mild but fresh plum and currant fruit. The finish goes so fast it barely registers. END
START HERE What slight dark cherry fruit there is in this light '97 is submerged under the oak. It's a bit brown at the edges and overwooded. —M.M.", 'Gritty cherry aromas with a tarry background come before a snappy, juicy, racy palate. This is a quick, tart, slightly salty wine with mild but fresh plum and currant fruit. The finish goes so fast it barely registers.', "This popular blend of seven red grapes is dark and strongly flavored with a streak of vanilla. There's nothing fancy here, just big, vanilla-soaked flavors, at an affordable price. END
START HERE Gritty cherry aromas with a tarry background come before a snappy, juicy, racy palate. This is a quick, tart, slightly salty wine with mild but fresh plum and currant fruit. The finish goes so fast it barely registers.', "This popular blend of seven red grapes is dark and strongly flavored with a streak of vanilla. There's nothing fancy here, just big, vanilla-soaked flavors, at an affordable price.", "Nice and dry, with good varietal flavors of blackberries and currants, wrapped into rich tannins. It's a fine Cabernet to drink with ordinary food, and a good value. END
START HERE This popular blend of seven red grapes is dark and strongly flavored with a streak of vanilla. There's nothing fancy here, just big, vanilla-soaked flavors, at an affordable price.", "Nice and dry, with good varietal flavors of blackberries and currants, wrapped into rich tannins. It's a fine Cabernet to drink with ordinary food, and a good value.", 'This Moldovan Cabernet Sauvignon has strawberry jam, saddle leather and raspberry aromas. The palate is marked by smoked meat, clove and baking spice flavors that accent its fruity core. END
START HERE Nice and dry, with good varietal flavors of blackberries and currants, wrapped into rich tannins. It's a fine Cabernet to drink with ordinary food, and a good value.", 'This Moldovan Cabernet Sauvignon has strawberry jam, saddle leather and raspberry aromas. The palate is marked by smoked meat, clove and baking spice flavors that accent its fruity core.', "Blueberry with snap is the way to describe the bouquet on this fresh and spunky young Malbec. The flavors are sweet and intense, just like grapes off the vine. It doesn't offer much complexity but at the same time it doesn't taste confected or flawed in any way. END
START HERE This Moldovan Cabernet Sauvignon has strawberry jam, saddle leather and raspberry aromas. The palate is marked by smoked meat, clove and baking spice flavors that accent its fruity core.', "Blueberry with snap is the way to describe the bouquet on this fresh and spunky young Malbec. The flavors are sweet and intense, just like grapes off the vine. It doesn't offer much complexity but at the same time it doesn't taste confected or flawed in any way.", 'Direct and easy drinking, this is full of ripe blueberry aromas and flavors, framed by hints of toast and a dusting of cinnamon. Drink now. END
START HERE Blueberry with snap is the way to describe the bouquet on this fresh and spunky young Malbec. The flavors are sweet and intense, just like grapes off the vine. It doesn't offer much complexity but at the same time it doesn't taste confected or flawed in any way.", 'Direct and easy drinking, this is full of ripe blueberry aromas and flavors, framed by hints of toast and a dusting of cinnamon. Drink now.', 'Bold flavors and a muscular structure make this wine stand out, delivering plenty of substance for its modest price. Smoky, peppery aromas lead to dark fruit flavors with smoky, spicy accents, while the body is medium and texture firmly tannic. END
START HERE Direct and easy drinking, this is full of ripe blueberry aromas and flavors, framed by hints of toast and a dusting of cinnamon. Drink now.', 'Bold flavors and a muscular structure make this wine stand out, delivering plenty of substance for its modest price. Smoky, peppery aromas lead to dark fruit flavors with smoky, spicy accents, while the body is medium and texture firmly tannic.', 'Basic tropical-fruit aromas settle on pineapple. This unoaked chardonnay is melony on the palate, with ample acidity. Heavy, ripe flavors of peach, melon and pear turn towards mango on the finish. END
START HERE Bold flavors and a muscular structure make this wine stand out, delivering plenty of substance for its modest price. Smoky, peppery aromas lead to dark fruit flavors with smoky, spicy accents, while the body is medium and texture firmly tannic.', 'Basic tropical-fruit aromas settle on pineapple. This unoaked chardonnay is melony on the palate, with ample acidity. Heavy, ripe flavors of peach, melon and pear turn towards mango on the finish.', 'This delicate rosé offers a subtle bouquet of muddled cherry, carnation and mentholated berry. The light and slightly astringent palate boasts tangy, tart notes of currant and lime rind that linger through the medium-length finish. END
START HERE Basic tropical-fruit aromas settle on pineapple. This unoaked chardonnay is melony on the palate, with ample acidity. Heavy, ripe flavors of peach, melon and pear turn towards mango on the finish.', 'This delicate rosé offers a subtle bouquet of muddled cherry, carnation and mentholated berry. The light and slightly astringent palate boasts tangy, tart notes of currant and lime rind that linger through the medium-length finish.', 'Big tannins mask the fruit in this potentially ripe and fruity wine. It is structured and dark with a dry core of tannins. It means the wine needs time. Drink from 2019. END
START HERE This delicate rosé offers a subtle bouquet of muddled cherry, carnation and mentholated berry. The light and slightly astringent palate boasts tangy, tart notes of currant and lime rind that linger through the medium-length finish.', 'Big tannins mask the fruit in this potentially ripe and fruity wine. It is structured and dark with a dry core of tannins. It means the wine needs time. Drink from 2019.', "Dark in color and aromas. The nose starts out sulfuric and gassy, but settles on rubber and earthy black fruit. In the mouth, there's poking, prodding acidity and basic flavors of blackberry, herbal tea and leather. Grabby on the finish, with a mild acidic scour. END
START HERE Big tannins mask the fruit in this potentially ripe and fruity wine. It is structured and dark with a dry core of tannins. It means the wine needs time. Drink from 2019.', "Dark in color and aromas. The nose starts out sulfuric and gassy, but settles on rubber and earthy black fruit. In the mouth, there's poking, prodding acidity and basic flavors of blackberry, herbal tea and leather. Grabby on the finish, with a mild acidic scour.", "A gritty element shares space on the nose with peach and melon aromas. This feels round and basic. Flavors of lightly buttered white fruits don't amount to much, while this tastes a bit like salted butter on the finish. END
START HERE Dark in color and aromas. The nose starts out sulfuric and gassy, but settles on rubber and earthy black fruit. In the mouth, there's poking, prodding acidity and basic flavors of blackberry, herbal tea and leather. Grabby on the finish, with a mild acidic scour.", "A gritty element shares space on the nose with peach and melon aromas. This feels round and basic. Flavors of lightly buttered white fruits don't amount to much, while this tastes a bit like salted butter on the finish.", 'This blend of Petit Verdot (40%), Grenache (29%), Shiraz (29%) and Mataro (2%) ends up being a pleasing recipe at an even more pleasing price. Mulberry, plum and vanilla flavors emerge from the glass, while the mouthfeel is full and lush. Probably best over the next year or so. END
START HERE A gritty element shares space on the nose with peach and melon aromas. This feels round and basic. Flavors of lightly buttered white fruits don't amount to much, while this tastes a bit like salted butter on the finish.", 'This blend of Petit Verdot (40%), Grenache (29%), Shiraz (29%) and Mataro (2%) ends up being a pleasing recipe at an even more pleasing price. Mulberry, plum and vanilla flavors emerge from the glass, while the mouthfeel is full and lush. Probably best over the next year or so.', 'This is a fruity effort, with a blackberry note that is laced with attractive tannins and acids. With its smooth, ripe texture and full mouthfeel, this is already approachable. END
START HERE This blend of Petit Verdot (40%), Grenache (29%), Shiraz (29%) and Mataro (2%) ends up being a pleasing recipe at an even more pleasing price. Mulberry, plum and vanilla flavors emerge from the glass, while the mouthfeel is full and lush. Probably best over the next year or so.', 'This is a fruity effort, with a blackberry note that is laced with attractive tannins and acids. With its smooth, ripe texture and full mouthfeel, this is already approachable.', "Cline's Oakley is more than halfway made up of Syrah, with smaller smatterings of Petite Sirah, Barbera and Cabernet Franc. The tinkering in the cellar works, the wine refreshing in strawberry jam, soft and rich with an herbal presence and kiss of vanilla on the finish. END
START HERE This is a fruity effort, with a blackberry note that is laced with attractive tannins and acids. With its smooth, ripe texture and full mouthfeel, this is already approachable.', "Cline's Oakley is more than halfway made up of Syrah, with smaller smatterings of Petite Sirah, Barbera and Cabernet Franc. The tinkering in the cellar works, the wine refreshing in strawberry jam, soft and rich with an herbal presence and kiss of vanilla on the finish.", "Gritty, herbal aromas of generic berry don't exactly draw you in. The palate on this rudimentary Cab is rather weak in structure, with herbal, slightly salty flavors of dry, generic berry fruits. END
START HERE Cline's Oakley is more than halfway made up of Syrah, with smaller smatterings of Petite Sirah, Barbera and Cabernet Franc. The tinkering in the cellar works, the wine refreshing in strawberry jam, soft and rich with an herbal presence and kiss of vanilla on the finish.", "Gritty, herbal aromas of generic berry don't exactly draw you in. The palate on this rudimentary Cab is rather weak in structure, with herbal, slightly salty flavors of dry, generic berry fruits.", 'Pretty good for the price, with jammy cherry, berry, cocoa and spice flavors. An easy Zin to drink with BBQ or pasta with tomato sauce. END
START HERE Gritty, herbal aromas of generic berry don't exactly draw you in. The palate on this rudimentary Cab is rather weak in structure, with herbal, slightly salty flavors of dry, generic berry fruits.", 'Pretty good for the price, with jammy cherry, berry, cocoa and spice flavors. An easy Zin to drink with BBQ or pasta with tomato sauce.', "Broad and obvious in its appeal, with peach marmalade and applesauce tastes and saccharine sweetness. There also seems to be a smoky vanilla streak from some kind of oak. It's a country-style common wine and there's not much going on beyond the fruit. END
START HERE Pretty good for the price, with jammy cherry, berry, cocoa and spice flavors. An easy Zin to drink with BBQ or pasta with tomato sauce.', "Broad and obvious in its appeal, with peach marmalade and applesauce tastes and saccharine sweetness. There also seems to be a smoky vanilla streak from some kind of oak. It's a country-style common wine and there's not much going on beyond the fruit.", "Vanilla and butter touches give this medium-bodied, rather oaky wine extra richness. Its soft, creamy texture and muted fruit flavors are a bit unusual for the type, but it's still quite enjoyable to sip. END
START HERE Broad and obvious in its appeal, with peach marmalade and applesauce tastes and saccharine sweetness. There also seems to be a smoky vanilla streak from some kind of oak. It's a country-style common wine and there's not much going on beyond the fruit.", "Vanilla and butter touches give this medium-bodied, rather oaky wine extra richness. Its soft, creamy texture and muted fruit flavors are a bit unusual for the type, but it's still quite enjoyable to sip.", 'Basic but clean plum and cherry aromas show a note of orange peel. This is quite tannic for an everyday red, while cassis, plum and prune flavors end tannic, spicy and slightly herbal. END
START HERE Vanilla and butter touches give this medium-bodied, rather oaky wine extra richness. Its soft, creamy texture and muted fruit flavors are a bit unusual for the type, but it's still quite enjoyable to sip.", 'Basic but clean plum and cherry aromas show a note of orange peel. This is quite tannic for an everyday red, while cassis, plum and prune flavors end tannic, spicy and slightly herbal.', 'Heavy and stalky smelling, with burnt aromas. The leaden palate is weighty and short on freshness; tastes pithy and stalky, with some nectarine and plum thrown in. Seems to be fading. END
START HERE Basic but clean plum and cherry aromas show a note of orange peel. This is quite tannic for an everyday red, while cassis, plum and prune flavors end tannic, spicy and slightly herbal.', 'Heavy and stalky smelling, with burnt aromas. The leaden palate is weighty and short on freshness; tastes pithy and stalky, with some nectarine and plum thrown in. Seems to be fading.', 'Dusty white-fruit and citrus aromas are more than adequate but nonspecific. This feels round, with salty citrus flavors. A modest finish is doing its best to stay fresh and vital. END
START HERE Heavy and stalky smelling, with burnt aromas. The leaden palate is weighty and short on freshness; tastes pithy and stalky, with some nectarine and plum thrown in. Seems to be fading.', 'Dusty white-fruit and citrus aromas are more than adequate but nonspecific. This feels round, with salty citrus flavors. A modest finish is doing its best to stay fresh and vital.', 'This is a fruity wine, and its black currant flavor emerging right away. Next comes the bright acidity, while the tannins form a solid, dark and dry contrast. The wine needs at least two years to soften into something rich. END
START HERE Dusty white-fruit and citrus aromas are more than adequate but nonspecific. This feels round, with salty citrus flavors. A modest finish is doing its best to stay fresh and vital.', 'This is a fruity wine, and its black currant flavor emerging right away. Next comes the bright acidity, while the tannins form a solid, dark and dry contrast. The wine needs at least two years to soften into something rich.', 'Simple and sweet, with jammy pineapple, orange and apricot flavors leading to a soft, honeyed finish. END
START HERE This is a fruity wine, and its black currant flavor emerging right away. Next comes the bright acidity, while the tannins form a solid, dark and dry contrast. The wine needs at least two years to soften into something rich.', 'Simple and sweet, with jammy pineapple, orange and apricot flavors leading to a soft, honeyed finish.', "Pale in color, with delicate Pinot-like aromas of strawberry, beetroot, coffee and hard spices. Drinks lightly fruity, spicy and dry. It's a simple, one-dimensional wine, but a very pretty one, and notable for its polished flavors. END
START HERE Simple and sweet, with jammy pineapple, orange and apricot flavors leading to a soft, honeyed finish.', "Pale in color, with delicate Pinot-like aromas of strawberry, beetroot, coffee and hard spices. Drinks lightly fruity, spicy and dry. It's a simple, one-dimensional wine, but a very pretty one, and notable for its polished flavors.", "Starts out with leather and cheesy aromas, and beyond that there's not a lot of fruit on the bouquet. It's a chunky, heavy wine with thick, jammy plum flavors that have strong herbal undertones. Warm, grabby and baked on the finish, which is plodding. END
START HERE Pale in color, with delicate Pinot-like aromas of strawberry, beetroot, coffee and hard spices. Drinks lightly fruity, spicy and dry. It's a simple, one-dimensional wine, but a very pretty one, and notable for its polished flavors.", "Starts out with leather and cheesy aromas, and beyond that there's not a lot of fruit on the bouquet. It's a chunky, heavy wine with thick, jammy plum flavors that have strong herbal undertones. Warm, grabby and baked on the finish, which is plodding.", 'Here is a concentrated wine that has dense tannins and acidity. Black currant freshness offers lively pleasure already, but should intensify in fruitiness in two years. END
START HERE Starts out with leather and cheesy aromas, and beyond that there's not a lot of fruit on the bouquet. It's a chunky, heavy wine with thick, jammy plum flavors that have strong herbal undertones. Warm, grabby and baked on the finish, which is plodding.", 'Here is a concentrated wine that has dense tannins and acidity. Black currant freshness offers lively pleasure already, but should intensify in fruitiness in two years.', 'Gorgeous aromas of peach, pear, flower and spice highlight this wine right from the start. There is an exotic, floral flavor running alongside the tree fruits, and suggestions of mint and rosewater. Excellent length and balance, with just a hint of sweetness. END
START HERE Here is a concentrated wine that has dense tannins and acidity. Black currant freshness offers lively pleasure already, but should intensify in fruitiness in two years.', 'Gorgeous aromas of peach, pear, flower and spice highlight this wine right from the start. There is an exotic, floral flavor running alongside the tree fruits, and suggestions of mint and rosewater. Excellent length and balance, with just a hint of sweetness.', 'Jammy strawberry and raspberry notes fill the nose and mouth, and a soft accent of chocolate-covered cherry adds just the right amount of decadence. A slight peppery lift keeps things vibrant on the finish. END
START HERE Gorgeous aromas of peach, pear, flower and spice highlight this wine right from the start. There is an exotic, floral flavor running alongside the tree fruits, and suggestions of mint and rosewater. Excellent length and balance, with just a hint of sweetness.', 'Jammy strawberry and raspberry notes fill the nose and mouth, and a soft accent of chocolate-covered cherry adds just the right amount of decadence. A slight peppery lift keeps things vibrant on the finish.', 'Jammy berry aromas are slightly exotic. The palate has a wide yet acidic feel that lacks depth and structure. Blocky flavors of plum and berry are tangy and simple, while the finish fails to evolve past chunky and static. END
START HERE Jammy strawberry and raspberry notes fill the nose and mouth, and a soft accent of chocolate-covered cherry adds just the right amount of decadence. A slight peppery lift keeps things vibrant on the finish.', 'Jammy berry aromas are slightly exotic. The palate has a wide yet acidic feel that lacks depth and structure. Blocky flavors of plum and berry are tangy and simple, while the finish fails to evolve past chunky and static.', 'Blackberry, vanilla and minerally aromas give this solidity on the nose. A high-acid palate is a bit shrill, which amplifies tangy red raspberry and plum flavors. On the finish, this rides high and fast on a lasting beam of acidity. END
START HERE Jammy berry aromas are slightly exotic. The palate has a wide yet acidic feel that lacks depth and structure. Blocky flavors of plum and berry are tangy and simple, while the finish fails to evolve past chunky and static.', 'Blackberry, vanilla and minerally aromas give this solidity on the nose. A high-acid palate is a bit shrill, which amplifies tangy red raspberry and plum flavors. On the finish, this rides high and fast on a lasting beam of acidity.', "A hint of green-floral perfume wafts amidst notes of honey and apple on this off-dry Riesling. Spine-tingling with acidity, it's balanced with sweet yellow peach and cherry flavors. Irresistibly easy drinking, it finishes moderately long. END
START HERE Blackberry, vanilla and minerally aromas give this solidity on the nose. A high-acid palate is a bit shrill, which amplifies tangy red raspberry and plum flavors. On the finish, this rides high and fast on a lasting beam of acidity.', "A hint of green-floral perfume wafts amidst notes of honey and apple on this off-dry Riesling. Spine-tingling with acidity, it's balanced with sweet yellow peach and cherry flavors. Irresistibly easy drinking, it finishes moderately long.", 'An aromatically appealing wine with notes of Granny Smith apples, peach and herbs. It drinks medium sweet with jasmine and stone fruit flavors. END
START HERE A hint of green-floral perfume wafts amidst notes of honey and apple on this off-dry Riesling. Spine-tingling with acidity, it's balanced with sweet yellow peach and cherry flavors. Irresistibly easy drinking, it finishes moderately long.", 'An aromatically appealing wine with notes of Granny Smith apples, peach and herbs. It drinks medium sweet with jasmine and stone fruit flavors.', 'If forced to drink too much of this clumsy, grassy, horsey smelling blend, you might be a dissident, too. This is sticky and cloying on the palate, with sweet, candied, herbal black-fruit flavors that finish under a covering of residual sugar. END
START HERE An aromatically appealing wine with notes of Granny Smith apples, peach and herbs. It drinks medium sweet with jasmine and stone fruit flavors.', 'If forced to drink too much of this clumsy, grassy, horsey smelling blend, you might be a dissident, too. This is sticky and cloying on the palate, with sweet, candied, herbal black-fruit flavors that finish under a covering of residual sugar.', 'Bay leaf and eucalyptus figure prominently on the nose and palate of this wine, making for an intensely earthy, herbal experience, peppered by forest-floor notes. END
START HERE If forced to drink too much of this clumsy, grassy, horsey smelling blend, you might be a dissident, too. This is sticky and cloying on the palate, with sweet, candied, herbal black-fruit flavors that finish under a covering of residual sugar.', 'Bay leaf and eucalyptus figure prominently on the nose and palate of this wine, making for an intensely earthy, herbal experience, peppered by forest-floor notes.', 'As with the Avery Lane Merlot, this is a rather complex blend, here including Syrah, Cab Franc and Lemberger. Fruity and spicy, with strawberry and cherry candy flavors. Very pleasing picnic wine. END
START HERE Bay leaf and eucalyptus figure prominently on the nose and palate of this wine, making for an intensely earthy, herbal experience, peppered by forest-floor notes.', 'As with the Avery Lane Merlot, this is a rather complex blend, here including Syrah, Cab Franc and Lemberger. Fruity and spicy, with strawberry and cherry candy flavors. Very pleasing picnic wine.', 'Slightly herbal plum and berry aromas come with a pinch of spice and meatiness. Feels medium-bodied and crisp, with juicy red-fruit flavors of plum, tomato and raspberry. Dries out on the finish, where it becomes more herbal and roasted. END
START HERE As with the Avery Lane Merlot, this is a rather complex blend, here including Syrah, Cab Franc and Lemberger. Fruity and spicy, with strawberry and cherry candy flavors. Very pleasing picnic wine.', 'Slightly herbal plum and berry aromas come with a pinch of spice and meatiness. Feels medium-bodied and crisp, with juicy red-fruit flavors of plum, tomato and raspberry. Dries out on the finish, where it becomes more herbal and roasted.', 'Soft and simple, but the price makes it a pretty good value. Shows cherry, violet, cocoa and smoky oak flavors in a smooth package that finishes dry and spicy. END
START HERE Slightly herbal plum and berry aromas come with a pinch of spice and meatiness. Feels medium-bodied and crisp, with juicy red-fruit flavors of plum, tomato and raspberry. Dries out on the finish, where it becomes more herbal and roasted.', 'Soft and simple, but the price makes it a pretty good value. Shows cherry, violet, cocoa and smoky oak flavors in a smooth package that finishes dry and spicy.', 'Reduced jammy black-fruit aromas announce a scratchy palate with spritz. This multigrape blend tastes saucy and stewed, while hard tannins and a note of burnt coffee control the finish. END
START HERE Soft and simple, but the price makes it a pretty good value. Shows cherry, violet, cocoa and smoky oak flavors in a smooth package that finishes dry and spicy.', 'Reduced jammy black-fruit aromas announce a scratchy palate with spritz. This multigrape blend tastes saucy and stewed, while hard tannins and a note of burnt coffee control the finish.', 'Cool, herbal aromas of blueberry are unusual. This is blocky in feel, with a low level of finesse. Candied, herbal cherry and medicinal berry flavors finish with mint and spice notes along with a green character. END
START HERE Reduced jammy black-fruit aromas announce a scratchy palate with spritz. This multigrape blend tastes saucy and stewed, while hard tannins and a note of burnt coffee control the finish.', 'Cool, herbal aromas of blueberry are unusual. This is blocky in feel, with a low level of finesse. Candied, herbal cherry and medicinal berry flavors finish with mint and spice notes along with a green character.', 'Spice, apple, light peach and a gentle fruitiness characterize this Riesling. There are deeper notes as well, skin phenolics that add texture and earthiness. But fruit is front and center, with crisp acidity right behind it. END
START HERE Cool, herbal aromas of blueberry are unusual. This is blocky in feel, with a low level of finesse. Candied, herbal cherry and medicinal berry flavors finish with mint and spice notes along with a green character.', 'Spice, apple, light peach and a gentle fruitiness characterize this Riesling. There are deeper notes as well, skin phenolics that add texture and earthiness. But fruit is front and center, with crisp acidity right behind it.', 'Herbal tomato and red-berry aromas are jumbled and fail to state much of a case for this multigrape blend. Herbal spicy tea and raspberry flavors finish jagged, with mild heat. END
START HERE Spice, apple, light peach and a gentle fruitiness characterize this Riesling. There are deeper notes as well, skin phenolics that add texture and earthiness. But fruit is front and center, with crisp acidity right behind it.', 'Herbal tomato and red-berry aromas are jumbled and fail to state much of a case for this multigrape blend. Herbal spicy tea and raspberry flavors finish jagged, with mild heat.', "This basic Cabernet opens with standard berry, plum and herbal aromas. It's racy and tight on the tongue, with a mix of berry, chocolate and minty green flavors. The finish is spicy but not very fruity or complex. This is good as a pizza wine. END
START HERE Herbal tomato and red-berry aromas are jumbled and fail to state much of a case for this multigrape blend. Herbal spicy tea and raspberry flavors finish jagged, with mild heat.', "This basic Cabernet opens with standard berry, plum and herbal aromas. It's racy and tight on the tongue, with a mix of berry, chocolate and minty green flavors. The finish is spicy but not very fruity or complex. This is good as a pizza wine.", 'Raspberry and cherry aromas are followed by juicy raspberries and cherries and a spin of spice. The mouthfeel is crisp but the texture lush and velvety. Overall not terribly complex, but a fun summer wine with an extravagant edge. END
START HERE This basic Cabernet opens with standard berry, plum and herbal aromas. It's racy and tight on the tongue, with a mix of berry, chocolate and minty green flavors. The finish is spicy but not very fruity or complex. This is good as a pizza wine.", 'Raspberry and cherry aromas are followed by juicy raspberries and cherries and a spin of spice. The mouthfeel is crisp but the texture lush and velvety. Overall not terribly complex, but a fun summer wine with an extravagant edge.', 'This sophisticated and stylish Pinot Noir from the south of France was made a Burgundy producer. It has fine tannins, juicy red cherry-driven acidity and a warm, ripe aftertaste. END
START HERE Raspberry and cherry aromas are followed by juicy raspberries and cherries and a spin of spice. The mouthfeel is crisp but the texture lush and velvety. Overall not terribly complex, but a fun summer wine with an extravagant edge.', 'This sophisticated and stylish Pinot Noir from the south of France was made a Burgundy producer. It has fine tannins, juicy red cherry-driven acidity and a warm, ripe aftertaste.', 'A really good wine for the price, this offers a dark color and varietal aromas of black cherry, black olive and faint dried herbs. Next it layers handsome oak on the rich and fruity flavors. The texture is quite dense without being heavy; while somewhat tannic the mouthfeel is not drying. END
START HERE This sophisticated and stylish Pinot Noir from the south of France was made a Burgundy producer. It has fine tannins, juicy red cherry-driven acidity and a warm, ripe aftertaste.', 'A really good wine for the price, this offers a dark color and varietal aromas of black cherry, black olive and faint dried herbs. Next it layers handsome oak on the rich and fruity flavors. The texture is quite dense without being heavy; while somewhat tannic the mouthfeel is not drying.', 'Deep in color, this rosé of Cabernet Sauvignon lacks zip and zest on a lazy nose. A chunky, grabby mouthfeel gives off the sensation of grape skins, while this tastes a bit foxy and herbal, with little to no fruit character. END
START HERE A really good wine for the price, this offers a dark color and varietal aromas of black cherry, black olive and faint dried herbs. Next it layers handsome oak on the rich and fruity flavors. The texture is quite dense without being heavy; while somewhat tannic the mouthfeel is not drying.', 'Deep in color, this rosé of Cabernet Sauvignon lacks zip and zest on a lazy nose. A chunky, grabby mouthfeel gives off the sensation of grape skins, while this tastes a bit foxy and herbal, with little to no fruit character.', "This Sicilian Chardonnay presents stone fruit, pear and honey backed by a slightly pungent, acetone-like note in the background that doesn't disturb too much. It tastes smooth, fresh and offers tingling spice on the finale. END
START HERE Deep in color, this rosé of Cabernet Sauvignon lacks zip and zest on a lazy nose. A chunky, grabby mouthfeel gives off the sensation of grape skins, while this tastes a bit foxy and herbal, with little to no fruit character.', "This Sicilian Chardonnay presents stone fruit, pear and honey backed by a slightly pungent, acetone-like note in the background that doesn't disturb too much. It tastes smooth, fresh and offers tingling spice on the finale.", "The Blue Fish series of cheery, fruit-forward Rieslings provides consistent quality at an easy price point. Ripe white peach and grapefruit flavors are plush and sweet but balanced squarely by a squirt of lemon-lime acidity. Enjoy now for it's fruity exuberance. END
START HERE This Sicilian Chardonnay presents stone fruit, pear and honey backed by a slightly pungent, acetone-like note in the background that doesn't disturb too much. It tastes smooth, fresh and offers tingling spice on the finale.", "The Blue Fish series of cheery, fruit-forward Rieslings provides consistent quality at an easy price point. Ripe white peach and grapefruit flavors are plush and sweet but balanced squarely by a squirt of lemon-lime acidity. Enjoy now for it's fruity exuberance.", 'Pronounced dust, pollen and earth tones lend savoriness to this otherwise citrusy wine. Racy acidity and fresh tangerine and lemon flavors turn herbal on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE The Blue Fish series of cheery, fruit-forward Rieslings provides consistent quality at an easy price point. Ripe white peach and grapefruit flavors are plush and sweet but balanced squarely by a squirt of lemon-lime acidity. Enjoy now for it's fruity exuberance.", 'Pronounced dust, pollen and earth tones lend savoriness to this otherwise citrusy wine. Racy acidity and fresh tangerine and lemon flavors turn herbal on the finish. Drink now.', 'Vibrant, tart aromas of green gooseberries and lime rind elevate the underlying hay and fresh thyme herbal accents. Lean, barely ripe white peach and hard pear add volume to the medium-weight mouth. Balanced and seamless with a clean, refreshing finish. Drink up!. END
START HERE Pronounced dust, pollen and earth tones lend savoriness to this otherwise citrusy wine. Racy acidity and fresh tangerine and lemon flavors turn herbal on the finish. Drink now.', 'Vibrant, tart aromas of green gooseberries and lime rind elevate the underlying hay and fresh thyme herbal accents. Lean, barely ripe white peach and hard pear add volume to the medium-weight mouth. Balanced and seamless with a clean, refreshing finish. Drink up!', 'Too sweet in residual sugary flavors to earn a higher score, this Merlot shows jellied cherry and blackberry flavors. Those who like their red wines sweet will enjoy it. END
START HERE Vibrant, tart aromas of green gooseberries and lime rind elevate the underlying hay and fresh thyme herbal accents. Lean, barely ripe white peach and hard pear add volume to the medium-weight mouth. Balanced and seamless with a clean, refreshing finish. Drink up!', 'Too sweet in residual sugary flavors to earn a higher score, this Merlot shows jellied cherry and blackberry flavors. Those who like their red wines sweet will enjoy it.', "Sharply defined with fruit flavors of melon and green berry, this has real cut and drives through the palate with confidence. It's a great food wine, neither wimpy nor too assertive, and it's made to be chilled and set out with any white-wine-friendly food. END
START HERE Too sweet in residual sugary flavors to earn a higher score, this Merlot shows jellied cherry and blackberry flavors. Those who like their red wines sweet will enjoy it.', "Sharply defined with fruit flavors of melon and green berry, this has real cut and drives through the palate with confidence. It's a great food wine, neither wimpy nor too assertive, and it's made to be chilled and set out with any white-wine-friendly food.", 'Murky grassy berry aromas and a whiff of cinnamon make for a sketchy nose. This feels choppy, while quick-hitting flavors of forced oak, baking spice and murky berry fruits finish hollow. END
START HERE Sharply defined with fruit flavors of melon and green berry, this has real cut and drives through the palate with confidence. It's a great food wine, neither wimpy nor too assertive, and it's made to be chilled and set out with any white-wine-friendly food.", 'Murky grassy berry aromas and a whiff of cinnamon make for a sketchy nose. This feels choppy, while quick-hitting flavors of forced oak, baking spice and murky berry fruits finish hollow.', 'Raw, fresh, almost scratchy aromas of cranberry and plum are direct. This feels fruity and bright on the palate, with lightly medicinal cherry and plum flavors that finish with a sprinkle of spice and a note of saline. END
START HERE Murky grassy berry aromas and a whiff of cinnamon make for a sketchy nose. This feels choppy, while quick-hitting flavors of forced oak, baking spice and murky berry fruits finish hollow.', 'Raw, fresh, almost scratchy aromas of cranberry and plum are direct. This feels fruity and bright on the palate, with lightly medicinal cherry and plum flavors that finish with a sprinkle of spice and a note of saline.', 'Generic from head to toe, this opens with a hint of wood and aromas that suggest cinnamon-spiced applesauce. The palate is plump but flat, while flavors of wood grain and mixed white fruits finish with a vanilla note and then lasting bitterness. END
START HERE Raw, fresh, almost scratchy aromas of cranberry and plum are direct. This feels fruity and bright on the palate, with lightly medicinal cherry and plum flavors that finish with a sprinkle of spice and a note of saline.', 'Generic from head to toe, this opens with a hint of wood and aromas that suggest cinnamon-spiced applesauce. The palate is plump but flat, while flavors of wood grain and mixed white fruits finish with a vanilla note and then lasting bitterness.', 'A bit raw and rustic, with stalky flavors of black cherries, sage and black pepper. Okay with everyday fare. END
START HERE Generic from head to toe, this opens with a hint of wood and aromas that suggest cinnamon-spiced applesauce. The palate is plump but flat, while flavors of wood grain and mixed white fruits finish with a vanilla note and then lasting bitterness.', 'A bit raw and rustic, with stalky flavors of black cherries, sage and black pepper. Okay with everyday fare.', 'Leafy burnt aromas of compost lack freshness. This feels lean, raw and grabby, while forced flavors of oak and savory, roasted plum finish rubbery and tannic. END
START HERE A bit raw and rustic, with stalky flavors of black cherries, sage and black pepper. Okay with everyday fare.', 'Leafy burnt aromas of compost lack freshness. This feels lean, raw and grabby, while forced flavors of oak and savory, roasted plum finish rubbery and tannic.', 'Aromas of sulfur and swimming pool blow off and leave citrusy notes. Pyrazinic flavors of bell pepper suggest barely ripe (maybe underripe) grapes. That essence is confirmed on a finish via white pepper and bell pepper flavors. END
START HERE Leafy burnt aromas of compost lack freshness. This feels lean, raw and grabby, while forced flavors of oak and savory, roasted plum finish rubbery and tannic.', 'Aromas of sulfur and swimming pool blow off and leave citrusy notes. Pyrazinic flavors of bell pepper suggest barely ripe (maybe underripe) grapes. That essence is confirmed on a finish via white pepper and bell pepper flavors.', "Rosemount's Diamond Label Chardonnay used to be a terrific value, so it is encouraging to see its quality once again on the rise. Smoky notes add complexity to the bold pear and melon fruit in this plump, harmonious wine; drink it over the next few months. END
START HERE Aromas of sulfur and swimming pool blow off and leave citrusy notes. Pyrazinic flavors of bell pepper suggest barely ripe (maybe underripe) grapes. That essence is confirmed on a finish via white pepper and bell pepper flavors.', "Rosemount's Diamond Label Chardonnay used to be a terrific value, so it is encouraging to see its quality once again on the rise. Smoky notes add complexity to the bold pear and melon fruit in this plump, harmonious wine; drink it over the next few months.", "This '07 is a bit tired already, with a muted nose offering up subtle hints of strawberry hull and peach fuzz. The mouth offers a bit more by way of red currant, rhubarb and limey citrus notes. The finish, though a bit tart, is crisp and clean. END
START HERE Rosemount's Diamond Label Chardonnay used to be a terrific value, so it is encouraging to see its quality once again on the rise. Smoky notes add complexity to the bold pear and melon fruit in this plump, harmonious wine; drink it over the next few months.", "This '07 is a bit tired already, with a muted nose offering up subtle hints of strawberry hull and peach fuzz. The mouth offers a bit more by way of red currant, rhubarb and limey citrus notes. The finish, though a bit tart, is crisp and clean.", 'From the first sniff, this crosses the line into the vegetal realm via aromas of canned green beans. A plump round palate is friendly in feel, while flavors of salted beans and canned peas finish fully green. END
START HERE This '07 is a bit tired already, with a muted nose offering up subtle hints of strawberry hull and peach fuzz. The mouth offers a bit more by way of red currant, rhubarb and limey citrus notes. The finish, though a bit tart, is crisp and clean.", 'From the first sniff, this crosses the line into the vegetal realm via aromas of canned green beans. A plump round palate is friendly in feel, while flavors of salted beans and canned peas finish fully green.', 'Spicy and dry on the nose, with red cherry, plum and candied sweetness. The palate has good body and feel, with medicinal plum and berry flavors along with an olive accent. Juicy and forward, with a lightly herbal finish. END
START HERE From the first sniff, this crosses the line into the vegetal realm via aromas of canned green beans. A plump round palate is friendly in feel, while flavors of salted beans and canned peas finish fully green.', 'Spicy and dry on the nose, with red cherry, plum and candied sweetness. The palate has good body and feel, with medicinal plum and berry flavors along with an olive accent. Juicy and forward, with a lightly herbal finish.', 'Simple but meaty, this 100% Merlot has substantial weight in the midpalate. There are plenty of powerful herbal flavors, yet the grapes seem ripe enough, offering prune and cassis and a little pepper from aging in American oak. END
START HERE Spicy and dry on the nose, with red cherry, plum and candied sweetness. The palate has good body and feel, with medicinal plum and berry flavors along with an olive accent. Juicy and forward, with a lightly herbal finish.', 'Simple but meaty, this 100% Merlot has substantial weight in the midpalate. There are plenty of powerful herbal flavors, yet the grapes seem ripe enough, offering prune and cassis and a little pepper from aging in American oak.', 'Reduced jammy berry aromas precede a gummy palate. This tastes enriched by sugar and not entirely natural—stewy and candied on the finish. Tasted twice, with one sample refermented and spritzy. END
START HERE Simple but meaty, this 100% Merlot has substantial weight in the midpalate. There are plenty of powerful herbal flavors, yet the grapes seem ripe enough, offering prune and cassis and a little pepper from aging in American oak.', 'Reduced jammy berry aromas precede a gummy palate. This tastes enriched by sugar and not entirely natural—stewy and candied on the finish. Tasted twice, with one sample refermented and spritzy.', 'Off the bat this smells weedy, with a hint of generic red-berry fruit to help things along. A green-tasting wiry palate finishes with burnt underripe berry notes. END
START HERE Reduced jammy berry aromas precede a gummy palate. This tastes enriched by sugar and not entirely natural—stewy and candied on the finish. Tasted twice, with one sample refermented and spritzy.', 'Off the bat this smells weedy, with a hint of generic red-berry fruit to help things along. A green-tasting wiry palate finishes with burnt underripe berry notes.', 'Light in color and just as light in body, this Merlot smells like cherry, plum and chewing gum. A lean linear palate generates tart generic red-fruit flavors prior to a sour finish. END
START HERE Off the bat this smells weedy, with a hint of generic red-berry fruit to help things along. A green-tasting wiry palate finishes with burnt underripe berry notes.', 'Light in color and just as light in body, this Merlot smells like cherry, plum and chewing gum. A lean linear palate generates tart generic red-fruit flavors prior to a sour finish.', 'This offers that tempting aroma of toasted baguette with a dab of butter, then the flavors flow fresh and peachy, while the texture feels smooth and the body not too full. Well balanced between flavors, acidity and body, it brings refreshment to sip after another. END
START HERE Light in color and just as light in body, this Merlot smells like cherry, plum and chewing gum. A lean linear palate generates tart generic red-fruit flavors prior to a sour finish.', 'This offers that tempting aroma of toasted baguette with a dab of butter, then the flavors flow fresh and peachy, while the texture feels smooth and the body not too full. Well balanced between flavors, acidity and body, it brings refreshment to sip after another.', 'This bold, ripe blend even contains some Muscat that gives richness and a touch of honey and spice to what is otherwise a dry rosé. The acidity acts as a balance to this attractive wine. END
START HERE This offers that tempting aroma of toasted baguette with a dab of butter, then the flavors flow fresh and peachy, while the texture feels smooth and the body not too full. Well balanced between flavors, acidity and body, it brings refreshment to sip after another.', 'This bold, ripe blend even contains some Muscat that gives richness and a touch of honey and spice to what is otherwise a dry rosé. The acidity acts as a balance to this attractive wine.', 'Made with equal parts Sangiovese and organically grown Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with fruity aromas of red cherry and raspberry. The aromas carry over to the easygoing palate alongside tangy acidity and smooth tannins. Enjoy soon. END
START HERE This bold, ripe blend even contains some Muscat that gives richness and a touch of honey and spice to what is otherwise a dry rosé. The acidity acts as a balance to this attractive wine.', 'Made with equal parts Sangiovese and organically grown Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with fruity aromas of red cherry and raspberry. The aromas carry over to the easygoing palate alongside tangy acidity and smooth tannins. Enjoy soon.', 'Although this Zinfandel, Carignane and Petite Sirah blend is rustic, the price makes it a good value in a dry, full-bodied red wine. With its strong tannins and flavors of currants and black pepper, it will be nice with Mexican food. END
START HERE Made with equal parts Sangiovese and organically grown Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with fruity aromas of red cherry and raspberry. The aromas carry over to the easygoing palate alongside tangy acidity and smooth tannins. Enjoy soon.', 'Although this Zinfandel, Carignane and Petite Sirah blend is rustic, the price makes it a good value in a dry, full-bodied red wine. With its strong tannins and flavors of currants and black pepper, it will be nice with Mexican food.', 'This is a really soft wine with the minimum of tannins and the lightest fruit. It has just a hint of crisp, clean red berry fruits. Drink now. END
START HERE Although this Zinfandel, Carignane and Petite Sirah blend is rustic, the price makes it a good value in a dry, full-bodied red wine. With its strong tannins and flavors of currants and black pepper, it will be nice with Mexican food.', 'This is a really soft wine with the minimum of tannins and the lightest fruit. It has just a hint of crisp, clean red berry fruits. Drink now.', 'Made in an overtly oaky manner, this wine imitates the big barrel-fermented style pretty well. It has smoky, buttery aromas, good pear and peach flavors and a smooth, soft texture. END
START HERE This is a really soft wine with the minimum of tannins and the lightest fruit. It has just a hint of crisp, clean red berry fruits. Drink now.', 'Made in an overtly oaky manner, this wine imitates the big barrel-fermented style pretty well. It has smoky, buttery aromas, good pear and peach flavors and a smooth, soft texture.', 'Marked by a strong oak taste, this is a pretty common wine. The underlying flavors are of blackberries and chocolate. END
START HERE Made in an overtly oaky manner, this wine imitates the big barrel-fermented style pretty well. It has smoky, buttery aromas, good pear and peach flavors and a smooth, soft texture.', 'Marked by a strong oak taste, this is a pretty common wine. The underlying flavors are of blackberries and chocolate.', "Spice and smoke tones on the nose are a surprising contrast to the juicy white peach and yellow cherry flavors on the palate of this easy quaffing but surprisingly elegant wine. Off dry in style, with brisk acidity and a delicate profile, it's a versatile, widely appealing wine that's a spectacular bargain. END
START HERE Marked by a strong oak taste, this is a pretty common wine. The underlying flavors are of blackberries and chocolate.', "Spice and smoke tones on the nose are a surprising contrast to the juicy white peach and yellow cherry flavors on the palate of this easy quaffing but surprisingly elegant wine. Off dry in style, with brisk acidity and a delicate profile, it's a versatile, widely appealing wine that's a spectacular bargain.", "This 100% Cabernet Sauvignon is garnet colored with a violet rim. It has aromas of pomegranate, dried black cherry and freshly ground black pepper. It's well structured, with fine tannins and flavors of ripe cherry, tart cranberry and juicy pomegranate. END
START HERE Spice and smoke tones on the nose are a surprising contrast to the juicy white peach and yellow cherry flavors on the palate of this easy quaffing but surprisingly elegant wine. Off dry in style, with brisk acidity and a delicate profile, it's a versatile, widely appealing wine that's a spectacular bargain.", "This 100% Cabernet Sauvignon is garnet colored with a violet rim. It has aromas of pomegranate, dried black cherry and freshly ground black pepper. It's well structured, with fine tannins and flavors of ripe cherry, tart cranberry and juicy pomegranate.", "For a spring or summer sipper, this fits the bill. The nose is neutral except for light apple, pear and lime aromas. In the mouth, it's zesty and linear, with acidic cut. Flavors of white pepper powder, fresh yellow pepper and citrus lead to a crisp, clean finish. END
START HERE This 100% Cabernet Sauvignon is garnet colored with a violet rim. It has aromas of pomegranate, dried black cherry and freshly ground black pepper. It's well structured, with fine tannins and flavors of ripe cherry, tart cranberry and juicy pomegranate.", "For a spring or summer sipper, this fits the bill. The nose is neutral except for light apple, pear and lime aromas. In the mouth, it's zesty and linear, with acidic cut. Flavors of white pepper powder, fresh yellow pepper and citrus lead to a crisp, clean finish.", 'Rubbery, lightly spicy aromas of plum and berry are typical in this wine with a decent mouthfeel and oaky flavors of raspberry and plum. A dry, medicinal, lightly bitter finish reverberates with a forced oak character. END
START HERE For a spring or summer sipper, this fits the bill. The nose is neutral except for light apple, pear and lime aromas. In the mouth, it's zesty and linear, with acidic cut. Flavors of white pepper powder, fresh yellow pepper and citrus lead to a crisp, clean finish.", 'Rubbery, lightly spicy aromas of plum and berry are typical in this wine with a decent mouthfeel and oaky flavors of raspberry and plum. A dry, medicinal, lightly bitter finish reverberates with a forced oak character.', "Even at this price, this Cab is hard to like. It's soft and somewhat vegetal, with bizarre sweet oak and cherry jam flavors. END
START HERE Rubbery, lightly spicy aromas of plum and berry are typical in this wine with a decent mouthfeel and oaky flavors of raspberry and plum. A dry, medicinal, lightly bitter finish reverberates with a forced oak character.', "Even at this price, this Cab is hard to like. It's soft and somewhat vegetal, with bizarre sweet oak and cherry jam flavors.", 'A heavy, nutty Chard. Mealy citrus and peach flavors carry the palate to a flat, uninspiring finish. Ripe but not well balanced. END
START HERE Even at this price, this Cab is hard to like. It's soft and somewhat vegetal, with bizarre sweet oak and cherry jam flavors.", 'A heavy, nutty Chard. Mealy citrus and peach flavors carry the palate to a flat, uninspiring finish. Ripe but not well balanced.', "Produced from organic grapes, this lightly structured wine is full of black currant fruitiness. With a touch of spice from wood aging, it's soft and easy to drink now. END
START HERE A heavy, nutty Chard. Mealy citrus and peach flavors carry the palate to a flat, uninspiring finish. Ripe but not well balanced.', "Produced from organic grapes, this lightly structured wine is full of black currant fruitiness. With a touch of spice from wood aging, it's soft and easy to drink now.", "Brambly on the nose, with equally challenging and drying flavors of cranberry and rhubarb. There's very little to say about this stripped-down Cabernet other than that it's generally clean and not brutally offensive. END
START HERE Produced from organic grapes, this lightly structured wine is full of black currant fruitiness. With a touch of spice from wood aging, it's soft and easy to drink now.", "Brambly on the nose, with equally challenging and drying flavors of cranberry and rhubarb. There's very little to say about this stripped-down Cabernet other than that it's generally clean and not brutally offensive.", 'This crisp, acidic Sauvignon Blanc leans green with pea and canned bean aromas, but it offers enough green apple and citrus character for enjoyment. The palate is zesty and lemony, with flavors that include green veggies, herbs, limes and tangerines. The finish is mildly green and citrusy. END
START HERE Brambly on the nose, with equally challenging and drying flavors of cranberry and rhubarb. There's very little to say about this stripped-down Cabernet other than that it's generally clean and not brutally offensive.", 'This crisp, acidic Sauvignon Blanc leans green with pea and canned bean aromas, but it offers enough green apple and citrus character for enjoyment. The palate is zesty and lemony, with flavors that include green veggies, herbs, limes and tangerines. The finish is mildly green and citrusy.', 'The medium-intense nose of this solid and easy-to-like Cab offers scents of blackberry, cassis and plum, all laced by hints of cocoa and cigar box. The medium-weight mouth offers a pleasant texture, thanks to moderate tannins and ample acidity, with solid black-fruit flavors at the core. END
START HERE This crisp, acidic Sauvignon Blanc leans green with pea and canned bean aromas, but it offers enough green apple and citrus character for enjoyment. The palate is zesty and lemony, with flavors that include green veggies, herbs, limes and tangerines. The finish is mildly green and citrusy.', 'The medium-intense nose of this solid and easy-to-like Cab offers scents of blackberry, cassis and plum, all laced by hints of cocoa and cigar box. The medium-weight mouth offers a pleasant texture, thanks to moderate tannins and ample acidity, with solid black-fruit flavors at the core.', "A buttery, by-the-book Chardonnay that's heavier on oak than on fruit, this Maipo Valley offering has apple, toast and cream flavors and oak, spice and ripe pear aromas. More of the same flavors pop up on the back end. 5,000 cases produced. END
START HERE The medium-intense nose of this solid and easy-to-like Cab offers scents of blackberry, cassis and plum, all laced by hints of cocoa and cigar box. The medium-weight mouth offers a pleasant texture, thanks to moderate tannins and ample acidity, with solid black-fruit flavors at the core.', "A buttery, by-the-book Chardonnay that's heavier on oak than on fruit, this Maipo Valley offering has apple, toast and cream flavors and oak, spice and ripe pear aromas. More of the same flavors pop up on the back end. 5,000 cases produced.", "After several years spent in Chile's land of the lost, Santa Carolina is now refocusing its winemaking efforts with noticeable results. This SB shows mineral, melon and piquant zap. It's got grapefruit, passion fruit and citrus, and the finish is both crisp and generous. A good quaffer that's on the spot. Imported by Carolina Wine Brands USA. END
START HERE A buttery, by-the-book Chardonnay that's heavier on oak than on fruit, this Maipo Valley offering has apple, toast and cream flavors and oak, spice and ripe pear aromas. More of the same flavors pop up on the back end. 5,000 cases produced.", "After several years spent in Chile's land of the lost, Santa Carolina is now refocusing its winemaking efforts with noticeable results. This SB shows mineral, melon and piquant zap. It's got grapefruit, passion fruit and citrus, and the finish is both crisp and generous. A good quaffer that's on the spot. Imported by Carolina Wine Brands USA.", 'Tastes like apricot pie filling, mixed with vanilla, cinnamon and nutmeg spice, with the smoky pastry crust. Simple and direct. END
START HERE After several years spent in Chile's land of the lost, Santa Carolina is now refocusing its winemaking efforts with noticeable results. This SB shows mineral, melon and piquant zap. It's got grapefruit, passion fruit and citrus, and the finish is both crisp and generous. A good quaffer that's on the spot. Imported by Carolina Wine Brands USA.", 'Tastes like apricot pie filling, mixed with vanilla, cinnamon and nutmeg spice, with the smoky pastry crust. Simple and direct.', 'Fleshy peach and melon aromas comme off as chunky and soft. The palate is just as soft as the nose, with melon and banana flavors. A simple finish is friendly but lacks spine, so drink this Chardonnay before it loses steam. END
START HERE Tastes like apricot pie filling, mixed with vanilla, cinnamon and nutmeg spice, with the smoky pastry crust. Simple and direct.', 'Fleshy peach and melon aromas comme off as chunky and soft. The palate is just as soft as the nose, with melon and banana flavors. A simple finish is friendly but lacks spine, so drink this Chardonnay before it loses steam.', 'Soft, sweet and a little cloying, with candied flavors of blackberries, cherries and pepper. Okay in a pinch with comfort food. END
START HERE Fleshy peach and melon aromas comme off as chunky and soft. The palate is just as soft as the nose, with melon and banana flavors. A simple finish is friendly but lacks spine, so drink this Chardonnay before it loses steam.', 'Soft, sweet and a little cloying, with candied flavors of blackberries, cherries and pepper. Okay in a pinch with comfort food.', "The pale salmon color and dry palate are the chief attractions of this light-bodied, dry wine. Berry fruit is subdued but enlivened by citrus and notes of white pepper. It's very fresh and refreshing. Drink as soon as possible. END
START HERE Soft, sweet and a little cloying, with candied flavors of blackberries, cherries and pepper. Okay in a pinch with comfort food.', "The pale salmon color and dry palate are the chief attractions of this light-bodied, dry wine. Berry fruit is subdued but enlivened by citrus and notes of white pepper. It's very fresh and refreshing. Drink as soon as possible.", 'Earthy aromas are a bit muddled and suggest tomato and herbs, but in the mouth, this is fresh and rigid in feel. Flavors of zesty berry come with oaky, savory notes and a touch of woody residue on the finish. END
START HERE The pale salmon color and dry palate are the chief attractions of this light-bodied, dry wine. Berry fruit is subdued but enlivened by citrus and notes of white pepper. It's very fresh and refreshing. Drink as soon as possible.", 'Earthy aromas are a bit muddled and suggest tomato and herbs, but in the mouth, this is fresh and rigid in feel. Flavors of zesty berry come with oaky, savory notes and a touch of woody residue on the finish.', "Hooray for the fruit on this beauty!  Gobs of freshly crushed blackberries, blueberries, plums, espresso, black currants and vanilla are charming, and the flavors are every bit as lush.  Technically, it's bone dry, but it's one of those wines that tastes fruity sweet.  It has elegance and style that belie the value price. Plus, the tannins are soft as velvet. END
START HERE Earthy aromas are a bit muddled and suggest tomato and herbs, but in the mouth, this is fresh and rigid in feel. Flavors of zesty berry come with oaky, savory notes and a touch of woody residue on the finish.', "Hooray for the fruit on this beauty!  Gobs of freshly crushed blackberries, blueberries, plums, espresso, black currants and vanilla are charming, and the flavors are every bit as lush.  Technically, it's bone dry, but it's one of those wines that tastes fruity sweet.  It has elegance and style that belie the value price. Plus, the tannins are soft as velvet", "There's no shortage of spice in this value Minervois, with strong notes of pepper and garrigue herbs backed by notes of orange rind, red cherry and young raspberry. Medium-light in the mouth with moderate acidity and soft tannins; drink up now. END
START HERE Hooray for the fruit on this beauty!  Gobs of freshly crushed blackberries, blueberries, plums, espresso, black currants and vanilla are charming, and the flavors are every bit as lush.  Technically, it's bone dry, but it's one of those wines that tastes fruity sweet.  It has elegance and style that belie the value price. Plus, the tannins are soft as velvet", "There's no shortage of spice in this value Minervois, with strong notes of pepper and garrigue herbs backed by notes of orange rind, red cherry and young raspberry. Medium-light in the mouth with moderate acidity and soft tannins; drink up now.", 'Canned pears and plumeria show on the nose of this bargain-priced offering, worthy of a weeknight dinner or later in the evening. The palate shows lots of ripe stone fruit, apple syrup and tangy citrus, the finish delivering a lasting acidity. END
START HERE There's no shortage of spice in this value Minervois, with strong notes of pepper and garrigue herbs backed by notes of orange rind, red cherry and young raspberry. Medium-light in the mouth with moderate acidity and soft tannins; drink up now.", 'Canned pears and plumeria show on the nose of this bargain-priced offering, worthy of a weeknight dinner or later in the evening. The palate shows lots of ripe stone fruit, apple syrup and tangy citrus, the finish delivering a lasting acidity.', "With polished blackberry, cherry and oak flavors, this affordable Cab represents a good value. It's soft, dry and stylish, and easy to drink. END
START HERE Canned pears and plumeria show on the nose of this bargain-priced offering, worthy of a weeknight dinner or later in the evening. The palate shows lots of ripe stone fruit, apple syrup and tangy citrus, the finish delivering a lasting acidity.', "With polished blackberry, cherry and oak flavors, this affordable Cab represents a good value. It's soft, dry and stylish, and easy to drink.", 'This falls prey to the overly sweet, residual sugar attempt to mask stemmy character. Tannins still a bit green and hard. END
START HERE With polished blackberry, cherry and oak flavors, this affordable Cab represents a good value. It's soft, dry and stylish, and easy to drink.", 'This falls prey to the overly sweet, residual sugar attempt to mask stemmy character. Tannins still a bit green and hard.', "Chunky, flat and stemmy on the nose, with herbal, generic fruit aromas. The palate is o.k. but sort of scratchy, while the flavors veer toward herbal, roasted cherry and berry. Herbal and sort of sweet and heavy on the finish. Pretty much what you'd expect for a $10 Cab. END
START HERE This falls prey to the overly sweet, residual sugar attempt to mask stemmy character. Tannins still a bit green and hard.', "Chunky, flat and stemmy on the nose, with herbal, generic fruit aromas. The palate is o.k. but sort of scratchy, while the flavors veer toward herbal, roasted cherry and berry. Herbal and sort of sweet and heavy on the finish. Pretty much what you'd expect for a $10 Cab.", "This is a softly delicious red wine. It's strong and jammy in raspberries, cherries and milk chocolate, and is a little sweet, with a spicy finish. Nice barbecue wine. Mainly Zinfandel, with Petite Sirah, Petit Verdot and a few others. END
START HERE Chunky, flat and stemmy on the nose, with herbal, generic fruit aromas. The palate is o.k. but sort of scratchy, while the flavors veer toward herbal, roasted cherry and berry. Herbal and sort of sweet and heavy on the finish. Pretty much what you'd expect for a $10 Cab.", "This is a softly delicious red wine. It's strong and jammy in raspberries, cherries and milk chocolate, and is a little sweet, with a spicy finish. Nice barbecue wine. Mainly Zinfandel, with Petite Sirah, Petit Verdot and a few others.", 'Dull and simple, this has thinned-down blackberry and steamed vegetable flavors. But at this price, it will get you through a big party. END
START HERE This is a softly delicious red wine. It's strong and jammy in raspberries, cherries and milk chocolate, and is a little sweet, with a spicy finish. Nice barbecue wine. Mainly Zinfandel, with Petite Sirah, Petit Verdot and a few others.", 'Dull and simple, this has thinned-down blackberry and steamed vegetable flavors. But at this price, it will get you through a big party.', 'Aromas of pithy citrus and pineapple are decent but unrefined, while flavors of tangerine and pineapple are tropical, zesty and what they are. This is nothing more than a fresh, simple, citrusy white to sip on the patio. Anything beyond that would be stretching it. END
START HERE Dull and simple, this has thinned-down blackberry and steamed vegetable flavors. But at this price, it will get you through a big party.', 'Aromas of pithy citrus and pineapple are decent but unrefined, while flavors of tangerine and pineapple are tropical, zesty and what they are. This is nothing more than a fresh, simple, citrusy white to sip on the patio. Anything beyond that would be stretching it.', "This blend of 70% Sangiovese, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Merlot displays black plum and baking spice aromas. The straightforward palate offers black cherry and white pepper flavors with a gamy note and smooth tannins. Short on the finish, it's ready for immediate drinking. END
START HERE Aromas of pithy citrus and pineapple are decent but unrefined, while flavors of tangerine and pineapple are tropical, zesty and what they are. This is nothing more than a fresh, simple, citrusy white to sip on the patio. Anything beyond that would be stretching it.', "This blend of 70% Sangiovese, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Merlot displays black plum and baking spice aromas. The straightforward palate offers black cherry and white pepper flavors with a gamy note and smooth tannins. Short on the finish, it's ready for immediate drinking.", 'This series of wines, under the Badger Mountain label of Powers winery, uses grapes that are organically grown. Minimal sulfites are added. This a fresh, forward, deliciously fruity Chardonnay, loaded with a classy mix of apple, pear and peach fruit. A great springtime sipper. END
START HERE This blend of 70% Sangiovese, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Merlot displays black plum and baking spice aromas. The straightforward palate offers black cherry and white pepper flavors with a gamy note and smooth tannins. Short on the finish, it's ready for immediate drinking.", 'This series of wines, under the Badger Mountain label of Powers winery, uses grapes that are organically grown. Minimal sulfites are added. This a fresh, forward, deliciously fruity Chardonnay, loaded with a classy mix of apple, pear and peach fruit. A great springtime sipper.', 'White peach and papaya aromas are sweet and tropical, while saline notes play second fiddle. Feels tangy, juicy and lean, with dilute lemon and green banana flavors. Wet and watery on the finish. END
START HERE This series of wines, under the Badger Mountain label of Powers winery, uses grapes that are organically grown. Minimal sulfites are added. This a fresh, forward, deliciously fruity Chardonnay, loaded with a classy mix of apple, pear and peach fruit. A great springtime sipper.', 'White peach and papaya aromas are sweet and tropical, while saline notes play second fiddle. Feels tangy, juicy and lean, with dilute lemon and green banana flavors. Wet and watery on the finish.', 'From vines in the far east of the Entre-deux-Mers region, this is a wine that is just red fruits, lightly tannic and with plenty of fresh acidity. The wine is surprisingly ready to drink. END
START HERE White peach and papaya aromas are sweet and tropical, while saline notes play second fiddle. Feels tangy, juicy and lean, with dilute lemon and green banana flavors. Wet and watery on the finish.', 'From vines in the far east of the Entre-deux-Mers region, this is a wine that is just red fruits, lightly tannic and with plenty of fresh acidity. The wine is surprisingly ready to drink.', "Made in the pale modern style, this has modest scents of melon and stone fruit. It's fully dry, with a zesty, clean finish that hints at lime and red berries. END
START HERE From vines in the far east of the Entre-deux-Mers region, this is a wine that is just red fruits, lightly tannic and with plenty of fresh acidity. The wine is surprisingly ready to drink.', "Made in the pale modern style, this has modest scents of melon and stone fruit. It's fully dry, with a zesty, clean finish that hints at lime and red berries.", 'Aromas of this wine convey notes of roasted corn on the cob, popcorn and peach. The stone-fruit flavors are sweet and easygoing. END
START HERE Made in the pale modern style, this has modest scents of melon and stone fruit. It's fully dry, with a zesty, clean finish that hints at lime and red berries.", 'Aromas of this wine convey notes of roasted corn on the cob, popcorn and peach. The stone-fruit flavors are sweet and easygoing.', 'Herbal raspberry and strawberry aromas are raw and a bit green. This feels scratchy as well, with tomatoey flavors of red currant and plum skins. A modest finish is racy in feel but mild in flavor. END
START HERE Aromas of this wine convey notes of roasted corn on the cob, popcorn and peach. The stone-fruit flavors are sweet and easygoing.', 'Herbal raspberry and strawberry aromas are raw and a bit green. This feels scratchy as well, with tomatoey flavors of red currant and plum skins. A modest finish is racy in feel but mild in flavor.', 'A little sweet and candied on the nose but there are also floral aromas that are alluring. The palate is plump but offers good balance and structure, while the flavors run toward beefy dark berry fruit, spice and chocolate. Long, deep and roasted on the finish. Quite good for ten bucks. END
START HERE Herbal raspberry and strawberry aromas are raw and a bit green. This feels scratchy as well, with tomatoey flavors of red currant and plum skins. A modest finish is racy in feel but mild in flavor.', 'A little sweet and candied on the nose but there are also floral aromas that are alluring. The palate is plump but offers good balance and structure, while the flavors run toward beefy dark berry fruit, spice and chocolate. Long, deep and roasted on the finish. Quite good for ten bucks.', "Mildly smoky and toasty aromas lead to a lightly oaked palate that's largely defined by black cherry and some rich berry syrup. It's a full, colorful Syrah with a chunky mouthfeel and a satisfying but short finish. Drink now. END
START HERE A little sweet and candied on the nose but there are also floral aromas that are alluring. The palate is plump but offers good balance and structure, while the flavors run toward beefy dark berry fruit, spice and chocolate. Long, deep and roasted on the finish. Quite good for ten bucks.', "Mildly smoky and toasty aromas lead to a lightly oaked palate that's largely defined by black cherry and some rich berry syrup. It's a full, colorful Syrah with a chunky mouthfeel and a satisfying but short finish. Drink now.", 'Made entirely with the native grape Bombino Nero, this informal light-bodied wine has subdued aromas of wild cherry and a hint of crushed herb. The aromas carry over to the über-simple palate along with a hint of pink grapefruit. END
START HERE Mildly smoky and toasty aromas lead to a lightly oaked palate that's largely defined by black cherry and some rich berry syrup. It's a full, colorful Syrah with a chunky mouthfeel and a satisfying but short finish. Drink now.", 'Made entirely with the native grape Bombino Nero, this informal light-bodied wine has subdued aromas of wild cherry and a hint of crushed herb. The aromas carry over to the über-simple palate along with a hint of pink grapefruit.', 'Neutral smelling except for stalky hay and straw notes and a touch of pear and/or peach. Feels citrusy and alive, with flavors of green herbs, orange and tropical fruits. Flattens out on the finish, where things turn chunky and yeasty. END
START HERE Made entirely with the native grape Bombino Nero, this informal light-bodied wine has subdued aromas of wild cherry and a hint of crushed herb. The aromas carry over to the über-simple palate along with a hint of pink grapefruit.', 'Neutral smelling except for stalky hay and straw notes and a touch of pear and/or peach. Feels citrusy and alive, with flavors of green herbs, orange and tropical fruits. Flattens out on the finish, where things turn chunky and yeasty.', 'This light-bodied Merlot rosé is a summer delight. Hints of strawberry blossom and citrus mark the nose, while the palate features berry shadings set against a backdrop of citrus, something like a dry, adult version of pink lemonade. END
START HERE Neutral smelling except for stalky hay and straw notes and a touch of pear and/or peach. Feels citrusy and alive, with flavors of green herbs, orange and tropical fruits. Flattens out on the finish, where things turn chunky and yeasty.', 'This light-bodied Merlot rosé is a summer delight. Hints of strawberry blossom and citrus mark the nose, while the palate features berry shadings set against a backdrop of citrus, something like a dry, adult version of pink lemonade.', 'Varietally correct Syrah from Washington can be difficult to find in this price range but this wine brings it with notes of blueberry, mesquite and vanilla along with a soft, subdued, citrusy feel. Finishes a touch ripe. END
START HERE This light-bodied Merlot rosé is a summer delight. Hints of strawberry blossom and citrus mark the nose, while the palate features berry shadings set against a backdrop of citrus, something like a dry, adult version of pink lemonade.', 'Varietally correct Syrah from Washington can be difficult to find in this price range but this wine brings it with notes of blueberry, mesquite and vanilla along with a soft, subdued, citrusy feel. Finishes a touch ripe.', "Starts out with Cabernet-like aromas of black currants and an undercurrent of something leaner: unsweetened chocolate, anise, and smoky, oaky notes.  This wine accomplishes what many inexpensive Merlots don't: a rich, fruity smoothness.  Which makes it a good Merlot value, even though the score isn't very high. END
START HERE Varietally correct Syrah from Washington can be difficult to find in this price range but this wine brings it with notes of blueberry, mesquite and vanilla along with a soft, subdued, citrusy feel. Finishes a touch ripe.', "Starts out with Cabernet-like aromas of black currants and an undercurrent of something leaner: unsweetened chocolate, anise, and smoky, oaky notes.  This wine accomplishes what many inexpensive Merlots don't: a rich, fruity smoothness.  Which makes it a good Merlot value, even though the score isn't very high.", "From the Messina area in northern Sicily, this is a 50-50 blend of Nero d'Avola and Nerello Mascalese that bursts with bright berry freshness. The finish is clean, bright and tight. END
START HERE Starts out with Cabernet-like aromas of black currants and an undercurrent of something leaner: unsweetened chocolate, anise, and smoky, oaky notes.  This wine accomplishes what many inexpensive Merlots don't: a rich, fruity smoothness.  Which makes it a good Merlot value, even though the score isn't very high.", "From the Messina area in northern Sicily, this is a 50-50 blend of Nero d'Avola and Nerello Mascalese that bursts with bright berry freshness. The finish is clean, bright and tight.", 'Lime and orange aromas smell more like a household cleanser than honest fruit. A chunky palate is low on acidity, while this tastes of yeast and white bread more than fruit. Bitterness on the finish transitions to yeasty as this fades. END
START HERE From the Messina area in northern Sicily, this is a 50-50 blend of Nero d'Avola and Nerello Mascalese that bursts with bright berry freshness. The finish is clean, bright and tight.", 'Lime and orange aromas smell more like a household cleanser than honest fruit. A chunky palate is low on acidity, while this tastes of yeast and white bread more than fruit. Bitterness on the finish transitions to yeasty as this fades.', 'A soft texture and slight sweetness make this deep-pink-colored wine easy on the palate. It has lots of fresh melon and raspberry flavors. END
START HERE Lime and orange aromas smell more like a household cleanser than honest fruit. A chunky palate is low on acidity, while this tastes of yeast and white bread more than fruit. Bitterness on the finish transitions to yeasty as this fades.', 'A soft texture and slight sweetness make this deep-pink-colored wine easy on the palate. It has lots of fresh melon and raspberry flavors.', "Dusty apple aromas are less citrusy than ideal, and the palate is cidery and tangy. Finishes with heft, length and weight, which all seems a little overbearing given the wine's simplicity. Just good enough but doesn't fully click. END
START HERE A soft texture and slight sweetness make this deep-pink-colored wine easy on the palate. It has lots of fresh melon and raspberry flavors.', "Dusty apple aromas are less citrusy than ideal, and the palate is cidery and tangy. Finishes with heft, length and weight, which all seems a little overbearing given the wine's simplicity. Just good enough but doesn't fully click.", 'This is a simple North Coast Cabernet with herbal and green olive and pepper tones. END
START HERE Dusty apple aromas are less citrusy than ideal, and the palate is cidery and tangy. Finishes with heft, length and weight, which all seems a little overbearing given the wine's simplicity. Just good enough but doesn't fully click.", 'This is a simple North Coast Cabernet with herbal and green olive and pepper tones.', 'Aromas of white grapefruit, celery and other prickly fruits lose steam with airing, while the green apple and lime flavors are solid and offer some sweetness. Wet in the mouth, which is what you want, but standard fare as a whole. END
START HERE This is a simple North Coast Cabernet with herbal and green olive and pepper tones.', 'Aromas of white grapefruit, celery and other prickly fruits lose steam with airing, while the green apple and lime flavors are solid and offer some sweetness. Wet in the mouth, which is what you want, but standard fare as a whole.', 'This is a simple, red-fruit-flavored wine. It has soft tannins, a bright texture and fresh aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE Aromas of white grapefruit, celery and other prickly fruits lose steam with airing, while the green apple and lime flavors are solid and offer some sweetness. Wet in the mouth, which is what you want, but standard fare as a whole.', 'This is a simple, red-fruit-flavored wine. It has soft tannins, a bright texture and fresh aftertaste. Drink now.', 'This starts off as a deceptively simple berry-cocktail sort of rosé, but then adds lime and crushed stone on the finish to provide added interest and refreshment. Drink now. END
START HERE This is a simple, red-fruit-flavored wine. It has soft tannins, a bright texture and fresh aftertaste. Drink now.', 'This starts off as a deceptively simple berry-cocktail sort of rosé, but then adds lime and crushed stone on the finish to provide added interest and refreshment. Drink now.', 'Herbaceous and aromatic with a touch of minerality, this is a crisply light wine. It is bright, cool and ready to drink. END
START HERE This starts off as a deceptively simple berry-cocktail sort of rosé, but then adds lime and crushed stone on the finish to provide added interest and refreshment. Drink now.', 'Herbaceous and aromatic with a touch of minerality, this is a crisply light wine. It is bright, cool and ready to drink.', "Hard to like this dry, bitter wine. It's cutting and tannic in the mouth, with very modest blackberry fruit. END
START HERE Herbaceous and aromatic with a touch of minerality, this is a crisply light wine. It is bright, cool and ready to drink.', "Hard to like this dry, bitter wine. It's cutting and tannic in the mouth, with very modest blackberry fruit.", "There's a lot of oak on this value-priced Chard, to the point that any fruit aromas are blanketed. In the mouth, there's ample acidity affording good cut, while flavors of pear and apple are spiced up by aforementioned forceful oak. Fortunately a resiny tasting finish isn't too heavy. END
START HERE Hard to like this dry, bitter wine. It's cutting and tannic in the mouth, with very modest blackberry fruit.", "There's a lot of oak on this value-priced Chard, to the point that any fruit aromas are blanketed. In the mouth, there's ample acidity affording good cut, while flavors of pear and apple are spiced up by aforementioned forceful oak. Fortunately a resiny tasting finish isn't too heavy", 'Lightly briny aromas of citrus set up a tight, grabby palate. This wine is a touch sour and pithy, with cantaloupe notes. A pithy, tangy finish is dry and basic. END
START HERE There's a lot of oak on this value-priced Chard, to the point that any fruit aromas are blanketed. In the mouth, there's ample acidity affording good cut, while flavors of pear and apple are spiced up by aforementioned forceful oak. Fortunately a resiny tasting finish isn't too heavy", 'Lightly briny aromas of citrus set up a tight, grabby palate. This wine is a touch sour and pithy, with cantaloupe notes. A pithy, tangy finish is dry and basic.', 'The Malbec in the blend adds its tannins to this wine meant to drink young. The spice and wood aging are balanced with acidity and a juicy aftertaste. Drink from late 2016. END
START HERE Lightly briny aromas of citrus set up a tight, grabby palate. This wine is a touch sour and pithy, with cantaloupe notes. A pithy, tangy finish is dry and basic.', 'The Malbec in the blend adds its tannins to this wine meant to drink young. The spice and wood aging are balanced with acidity and a juicy aftertaste. Drink from late 2016.', 'Tart cherry aromas and flavors with tarragon accents are wrapped in oak in this medium-weight, mature red. The wine is evenly textured, but the oak sits well to the fore, really predominating on the very dry, tangy-in-a-woody-way finish. —M.M. END
START HERE The Malbec in the blend adds its tannins to this wine meant to drink young. The spice and wood aging are balanced with acidity and a juicy aftertaste. Drink from late 2016.', 'Tart cherry aromas and flavors with tarragon accents are wrapped in oak in this medium-weight, mature red. The wine is evenly textured, but the oak sits well to the fore, really predominating on the very dry, tangy-in-a-woody-way finish. —M.M.', 'Strong spicy meaty aromas and equally assertive oak and char flavors threaten to overwhelm the fruity aspects of this dry wine but it has enough concentration to match the firm tannins. Best after 2020. END
START HERE Tart cherry aromas and flavors with tarragon accents are wrapped in oak in this medium-weight, mature red. The wine is evenly textured, but the oak sits well to the fore, really predominating on the very dry, tangy-in-a-woody-way finish. —M.M.', 'Strong spicy meaty aromas and equally assertive oak and char flavors threaten to overwhelm the fruity aspects of this dry wine but it has enough concentration to match the firm tannins. Best after 2020.', "Weedy and vegetal despite some decent raspberry, cherry and spice flavors. Okay for a big party where nobody's fussy. END
START HERE Strong spicy meaty aromas and equally assertive oak and char flavors threaten to overwhelm the fruity aspects of this dry wine but it has enough concentration to match the firm tannins. Best after 2020.', "Weedy and vegetal despite some decent raspberry, cherry and spice flavors. Okay for a big party where nobody's fussy.", 'Medium-weight (more Gamay than Cabernet in the heft department) with a soft, subtle dusty texture, this Rapel Valley Cab offers red-berry and dried-spice aromas, and red plum and cedar flavors. Goes down so easily that you just might forget that wine has alcohol in it. Best Buy. END
START HERE Weedy and vegetal despite some decent raspberry, cherry and spice flavors. Okay for a big party where nobody's fussy.", 'Medium-weight (more Gamay than Cabernet in the heft department) with a soft, subtle dusty texture, this Rapel Valley Cab offers red-berry and dried-spice aromas, and red plum and cedar flavors. Goes down so easily that you just might forget that wine has alcohol in it. Best Buy.', 'Produced by the Barton family of Château Léoville-Barton, this is a soft and smooth. It has blackberry fruits and gentle tannins, both now at their best. The aftertaste has a lift from acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE Medium-weight (more Gamay than Cabernet in the heft department) with a soft, subtle dusty texture, this Rapel Valley Cab offers red-berry and dried-spice aromas, and red plum and cedar flavors. Goes down so easily that you just might forget that wine has alcohol in it. Best Buy.', 'Produced by the Barton family of Château Léoville-Barton, this is a soft and smooth. It has blackberry fruits and gentle tannins, both now at their best. The aftertaste has a lift from acidity. Drink now.', "A lovely flinty character graces the yellow apple, peach and orange cream aromas on the nose of this friendly wine. It's quite round and mouthfilling, with a prevailing smoky flavor on the palate that's reminiscent of baked apple with bacon crumble. Drink now. END
START HERE Produced by the Barton family of Château Léoville-Barton, this is a soft and smooth. It has blackberry fruits and gentle tannins, both now at their best. The aftertaste has a lift from acidity. Drink now.', "A lovely flinty character graces the yellow apple, peach and orange cream aromas on the nose of this friendly wine. It's quite round and mouthfilling, with a prevailing smoky flavor on the palate that's reminiscent of baked apple with bacon crumble. Drink now.", "This light to medium-bodied wine follows initially earthy and metallic aromas with decent plum flavors. The aroma clears up with time and the wine's soft texture and fruitiness peek through. END
START HERE A lovely flinty character graces the yellow apple, peach and orange cream aromas on the nose of this friendly wine. It's quite round and mouthfilling, with a prevailing smoky flavor on the palate that's reminiscent of baked apple with bacon crumble. Drink now.", "This light to medium-bodied wine follows initially earthy and metallic aromas with decent plum flavors. The aroma clears up with time and the wine's soft texture and fruitiness peek through.", 'Nice yet quiet on the opening, with lime, apple and minerally aromas. Feels tangy, maybe a touch sharp and pointed, with standard Casablanca flavors of lime, bell pepper and green apple. Short and tangy on the finish, with washing acidity. END
START HERE This light to medium-bodied wine follows initially earthy and metallic aromas with decent plum flavors. The aroma clears up with time and the wine's soft texture and fruitiness peek through.", 'Nice yet quiet on the opening, with lime, apple and minerally aromas. Feels tangy, maybe a touch sharp and pointed, with standard Casablanca flavors of lime, bell pepper and green apple. Short and tangy on the finish, with washing acidity.', 'A soft, simple wine, with cherry cough medicine flavors. END
START HERE Nice yet quiet on the opening, with lime, apple and minerally aromas. Feels tangy, maybe a touch sharp and pointed, with standard Casablanca flavors of lime, bell pepper and green apple. Short and tangy on the finish, with washing acidity.', 'A soft, simple wine, with cherry cough medicine flavors.', 'Herbal raspberry and leather aromas create an obtuse nose. This is round, not overly exact in feel, and mild in acidity. Peppery flavors of raspberry and cherry end in dry, standard fashion. END
START HERE A soft, simple wine, with cherry cough medicine flavors.', 'Herbal raspberry and leather aromas create an obtuse nose. This is round, not overly exact in feel, and mild in acidity. Peppery flavors of raspberry and cherry end in dry, standard fashion.', 'Soft and simple, with jammy berry-cherry flavors and some bitterness throughout. END
START HERE Herbal raspberry and leather aromas create an obtuse nose. This is round, not overly exact in feel, and mild in acidity. Peppery flavors of raspberry and cherry end in dry, standard fashion.', 'Soft and simple, with jammy berry-cherry flavors and some bitterness throughout.', 'This has rich flavors of black currants, licorice and sandalwood, and it finishes dry and spicy. This should be relatively easy to find thanks to its 50,000-case production. END
START HERE Soft and simple, with jammy berry-cherry flavors and some bitterness throughout.', 'This has rich flavors of black currants, licorice and sandalwood, and it finishes dry and spicy. This should be relatively easy to find thanks to its 50,000-case production.', 'Basic raspberry and plum aromas and flavors are accented by herbal, foresty notes. The palate is grabby, tannic and chunky, with herbal accents to the berry fruit flavors. Finishes with milk chocolate, acidity and tannic bite. END
START HERE This has rich flavors of black currants, licorice and sandalwood, and it finishes dry and spicy. This should be relatively easy to find thanks to its 50,000-case production.', 'Basic raspberry and plum aromas and flavors are accented by herbal, foresty notes. The palate is grabby, tannic and chunky, with herbal accents to the berry fruit flavors. Finishes with milk chocolate, acidity and tannic bite.', "Soft, jammy dried plum and berry flavors fill this juicy, slightly tutti–frutti red. A semidry blend of three French-American hybrid grapes, Chambourcin, Marechal Foch and Vincent, it's easy drinking with just a whisper of tannins marking the finish. END
START HERE Basic raspberry and plum aromas and flavors are accented by herbal, foresty notes. The palate is grabby, tannic and chunky, with herbal accents to the berry fruit flavors. Finishes with milk chocolate, acidity and tannic bite.', "Soft, jammy dried plum and berry flavors fill this juicy, slightly tutti–frutti red. A semidry blend of three French-American hybrid grapes, Chambourcin, Marechal Foch and Vincent, it's easy drinking with just a whisper of tannins marking the finish.", 'Kicks off with pretty toast and peach aromas, followed by a strong lemony core. Moderate body and bright acidity make this zippy wine refreshing and food friendly. Best Buy. END
START HERE Soft, jammy dried plum and berry flavors fill this juicy, slightly tutti–frutti red. A semidry blend of three French-American hybrid grapes, Chambourcin, Marechal Foch and Vincent, it's easy drinking with just a whisper of tannins marking the finish.", 'Kicks off with pretty toast and peach aromas, followed by a strong lemony core. Moderate body and bright acidity make this zippy wine refreshing and food friendly. Best Buy.', 'An earthy, edgy character derives from slightly funky, smoky aromas and flavors, and a rather sharp texture. Savory and earthy flavors dominate the subtle fruit, and a core of dry tannins emphasizes the lean profile. END
START HERE Kicks off with pretty toast and peach aromas, followed by a strong lemony core. Moderate body and bright acidity make this zippy wine refreshing and food friendly. Best Buy.', 'An earthy, edgy character derives from slightly funky, smoky aromas and flavors, and a rather sharp texture. Savory and earthy flavors dominate the subtle fruit, and a core of dry tannins emphasizes the lean profile.', 'This wine leans toward the brown-orange side of the Pinot Noir scale, with burnt orange, cranberry and whiffs of anise. Cooked fruits dominate the palate, with fruitcake and gingerbread flavors. END
START HERE An earthy, edgy character derives from slightly funky, smoky aromas and flavors, and a rather sharp texture. Savory and earthy flavors dominate the subtle fruit, and a core of dry tannins emphasizes the lean profile.', 'This wine leans toward the brown-orange side of the Pinot Noir scale, with burnt orange, cranberry and whiffs of anise. Cooked fruits dominate the palate, with fruitcake and gingerbread flavors.', "This does a good job of balancing lively pear and apple flavors with dashes of toast and butter. It's medium to full-bodied, dry and has enough crispness to help the flavors linger. END
START HERE This wine leans toward the brown-orange side of the Pinot Noir scale, with burnt orange, cranberry and whiffs of anise. Cooked fruits dominate the palate, with fruitcake and gingerbread flavors.', "This does a good job of balancing lively pear and apple flavors with dashes of toast and butter. It's medium to full-bodied, dry and has enough crispness to help the flavors linger.", "Fresh like a peach on the nose, with a bit of warm radiator dust. Flavors of lemon and green apple are narrow, and the mouthfeel is limited and indicates that the lifespan of the wine may be short. Citric on the finish, and overall there's just not a lot going on here. END
START HERE This does a good job of balancing lively pear and apple flavors with dashes of toast and butter. It's medium to full-bodied, dry and has enough crispness to help the flavors linger.", "Fresh like a peach on the nose, with a bit of warm radiator dust. Flavors of lemon and green apple are narrow, and the mouthfeel is limited and indicates that the lifespan of the wine may be short. Citric on the finish, and overall there's just not a lot going on here.", 'Green plum and tart gooseberry aromas and flavors lead the way of this lively selection. Linear and direct on the palate, it has refreshing notes of lime rind, sweet grass and a touch of white flower. Clean and balanced; drink now. END
START HERE Fresh like a peach on the nose, with a bit of warm radiator dust. Flavors of lemon and green apple are narrow, and the mouthfeel is limited and indicates that the lifespan of the wine may be short. Citric on the finish, and overall there's just not a lot going on here.", 'Green plum and tart gooseberry aromas and flavors lead the way of this lively selection. Linear and direct on the palate, it has refreshing notes of lime rind, sweet grass and a touch of white flower. Clean and balanced; drink now.', 'This opens with grassy, green aromas of candied raspberry. A chunky palate delivers candied, caramelized, slightly weedy red-fruit flavors. Not a lot besides acidity and heat is driving the finish. END
START HERE Green plum and tart gooseberry aromas and flavors lead the way of this lively selection. Linear and direct on the palate, it has refreshing notes of lime rind, sweet grass and a touch of white flower. Clean and balanced; drink now.', 'This opens with grassy, green aromas of candied raspberry. A chunky palate delivers candied, caramelized, slightly weedy red-fruit flavors. Not a lot besides acidity and heat is driving the finish.', 'This acidity-driven wine has a sheer veneer of tannins over thinned red fruit, earth and cocoa powder. With such a light, simple touch, this wine is a good choice for those who usually order white wine. END
START HERE This opens with grassy, green aromas of candied raspberry. A chunky palate delivers candied, caramelized, slightly weedy red-fruit flavors. Not a lot besides acidity and heat is driving the finish.', 'This acidity-driven wine has a sheer veneer of tannins over thinned red fruit, earth and cocoa powder. With such a light, simple touch, this wine is a good choice for those who usually order white wine.', "This is truly prickly, with a slight spritz of CO2 acting to perk up the lime, green apple and pineapple aromas and flavors. It's at the same time plump and off dry, deftly balancing sweetness and zest. Drink now. Old Bridge Cellars. END
START HERE This acidity-driven wine has a sheer veneer of tannins over thinned red fruit, earth and cocoa powder. With such a light, simple touch, this wine is a good choice for those who usually order white wine.', "This is truly prickly, with a slight spritz of CO2 acting to perk up the lime, green apple and pineapple aromas and flavors. It's at the same time plump and off dry, deftly balancing sweetness and zest. Drink now. Old Bridge Cellars.", 'Aromas of buttercup and sweet pear are acceptable but cheesy, while the palate is wet, vapid and shows nothing but anonymous white-fruit flavors. The finish is dry, hollow and mildly buttery. END
START HERE This is truly prickly, with a slight spritz of CO2 acting to perk up the lime, green apple and pineapple aromas and flavors. It's at the same time plump and off dry, deftly balancing sweetness and zest. Drink now. Old Bridge Cellars.", 'Aromas of buttercup and sweet pear are acceptable but cheesy, while the palate is wet, vapid and shows nothing but anonymous white-fruit flavors. The finish is dry, hollow and mildly buttery.', 'Sweet cherry aromas turn medicinal on the nose. A bright and lively palate has a fast pulse, while forward berry flavors fade with spice and mild chocolate notes. END
START HERE Aromas of buttercup and sweet pear are acceptable but cheesy, while the palate is wet, vapid and shows nothing but anonymous white-fruit flavors. The finish is dry, hollow and mildly buttery.', 'Sweet cherry aromas turn medicinal on the nose. A bright and lively palate has a fast pulse, while forward berry flavors fade with spice and mild chocolate notes.', "There's a medicinal cherry hint to the nose of this Syrah-based rosé, with additional notes of ripe peach and melon. It's fleshy and full-fruited on the palate, with just enough acidity to keep the ripeness in check. END
START HERE Sweet cherry aromas turn medicinal on the nose. A bright and lively palate has a fast pulse, while forward berry flavors fade with spice and mild chocolate notes.', "There's a medicinal cherry hint to the nose of this Syrah-based rosé, with additional notes of ripe peach and melon. It's fleshy and full-fruited on the palate, with just enough acidity to keep the ripeness in check.", 'A pleasant mix of dark berries and fruit lead the bouquet of this friendly wine, with solid notes of black cherry, blackberry and boysenberry throughout. A hint of spice adds interest to the finish, with medium-light tannins and ample acidity resulting in good overall balance. END
START HERE There's a medicinal cherry hint to the nose of this Syrah-based rosé, with additional notes of ripe peach and melon. It's fleshy and full-fruited on the palate, with just enough acidity to keep the ripeness in check.", 'A pleasant mix of dark berries and fruit lead the bouquet of this friendly wine, with solid notes of black cherry, blackberry and boysenberry throughout. A hint of spice adds interest to the finish, with medium-light tannins and ample acidity resulting in good overall balance.', 'This medium-pink rosé shows some heft but is mostly about refreshment. Passion fruit and peach notes give way to citrus zest on its crisp, vibrant finish. Drink now. END
START HERE A pleasant mix of dark berries and fruit lead the bouquet of this friendly wine, with solid notes of black cherry, blackberry and boysenberry throughout. A hint of spice adds interest to the finish, with medium-light tannins and ample acidity resulting in good overall balance.', 'This medium-pink rosé shows some heft but is mostly about refreshment. Passion fruit and peach notes give way to citrus zest on its crisp, vibrant finish. Drink now.', "Pretty good for the the price. It's bone dry and zesty in acidity, with mouthwatering flavors of oranges, lemons and limes, finished with a touch of vanilla and white pepper. END
START HERE This medium-pink rosé shows some heft but is mostly about refreshment. Passion fruit and peach notes give way to citrus zest on its crisp, vibrant finish. Drink now.', "Pretty good for the the price. It's bone dry and zesty in acidity, with mouthwatering flavors of oranges, lemons and limes, finished with a touch of vanilla and white pepper.", "A heavy dose of Sauvignon Blanc brings herbaceous, grassy, white currants and gooseberry flavors. It's young, and needs more time to coalesce. It is certainly fresh, fruity, right up front. END
START HERE Pretty good for the the price. It's bone dry and zesty in acidity, with mouthwatering flavors of oranges, lemons and limes, finished with a touch of vanilla and white pepper.", "A heavy dose of Sauvignon Blanc brings herbaceous, grassy, white currants and gooseberry flavors. It's young, and needs more time to coalesce. It is certainly fresh, fruity, right up front.", "Fruity, young and soft, this is an attractive Touriga Nacional-Syrah wine with strawberry flavors and just a touch of crisp red currant acidity. It's made for this summer, ready to drink. END
START HERE A heavy dose of Sauvignon Blanc brings herbaceous, grassy, white currants and gooseberry flavors. It's young, and needs more time to coalesce. It is certainly fresh, fruity, right up front.", "Fruity, young and soft, this is an attractive Touriga Nacional-Syrah wine with strawberry flavors and just a touch of crisp red currant acidity. It's made for this summer, ready to drink.", 'Smells like spiced applesauce. The palate is more full than light, with roundness but lemony, tart flavors of citrus and green apple. Tart again on the finish, with an odd oily feel. Seems green as well. END
START HERE Fruity, young and soft, this is an attractive Touriga Nacional-Syrah wine with strawberry flavors and just a touch of crisp red currant acidity. It's made for this summer, ready to drink.", 'Smells like spiced applesauce. The palate is more full than light, with roundness but lemony, tart flavors of citrus and green apple. Tart again on the finish, with an odd oily feel. Seems green as well.', "This is the kind of California-appellation Chardonnay that allows consumers to drink their favorite white wine at an everyday price. It's just fine, with pineapple, peach and orange flavors, kissed with buttered toast and cream. END
START HERE Smells like spiced applesauce. The palate is more full than light, with roundness but lemony, tart flavors of citrus and green apple. Tart again on the finish, with an odd oily feel. Seems green as well.', "This is the kind of California-appellation Chardonnay that allows consumers to drink their favorite white wine at an everyday price. It's just fine, with pineapple, peach and orange flavors, kissed with buttered toast and cream.", 'Mellow but friendly berry aromas feed into a firm palate with tight red-fruit tannins and then ripe flavors of blackberry and chocolate cake. The finish is toasty, with a chocolate mint-chip note and acidic snap. END
START HERE This is the kind of California-appellation Chardonnay that allows consumers to drink their favorite white wine at an everyday price. It's just fine, with pineapple, peach and orange flavors, kissed with buttered toast and cream.", 'Mellow but friendly berry aromas feed into a firm palate with tight red-fruit tannins and then ripe flavors of blackberry and chocolate cake. The finish is toasty, with a chocolate mint-chip note and acidic snap.', 'Spicy, anise-like aromas and lightly sweet fruit flavors recalling black cherries and strawberries give a lot of personality to this medium-bodied wine. END
START HERE Mellow but friendly berry aromas feed into a firm palate with tight red-fruit tannins and then ripe flavors of blackberry and chocolate cake. The finish is toasty, with a chocolate mint-chip note and acidic snap.', 'Spicy, anise-like aromas and lightly sweet fruit flavors recalling black cherries and strawberries give a lot of personality to this medium-bodied wine.', 'A very drinkable, light and easy to like Merlot, this offers ripe notes of black plum, cherry and berry on the nose and mouth, with a faint hint of milk chocolate in the background. The soft mouthfeel and fruity palate finish short, but clean. END
START HERE Spicy, anise-like aromas and lightly sweet fruit flavors recalling black cherries and strawberries give a lot of personality to this medium-bodied wine.', 'A very drinkable, light and easy to like Merlot, this offers ripe notes of black plum, cherry and berry on the nose and mouth, with a faint hint of milk chocolate in the background. The soft mouthfeel and fruity palate finish short, but clean.', "This catchy named, three-grape blend is a nice wine that's sinewy and leathery; overall it ranks as a natural and controlled reflection of Jumilla. The nose is forward and fiery, while the palate has berry-driven ripeness and plenty of oak. Better with food; the tannins are kind of scratchy with nothing to absorb them. END
START HERE A very drinkable, light and easy to like Merlot, this offers ripe notes of black plum, cherry and berry on the nose and mouth, with a faint hint of milk chocolate in the background. The soft mouthfeel and fruity palate finish short, but clean.', "This catchy named, three-grape blend is a nice wine that's sinewy and leathery; overall it ranks as a natural and controlled reflection of Jumilla. The nose is forward and fiery, while the palate has berry-driven ripeness and plenty of oak. Better with food; the tannins are kind of scratchy with nothing to absorb them.", 'Sweet on the nose, with a lot of mocha, vanilla and candied fruit. The palate is tannic and very oaky for a wine of this level. Flavors of toffee, cocoa, mocha and generic berry fruit show more oak than purity. A good wine but heavy handed with the oak. Contains 15% Syrah. END
START HERE This catchy named, three-grape blend is a nice wine that's sinewy and leathery; overall it ranks as a natural and controlled reflection of Jumilla. The nose is forward and fiery, while the palate has berry-driven ripeness and plenty of oak. Better with food; the tannins are kind of scratchy with nothing to absorb them.", 'Sweet on the nose, with a lot of mocha, vanilla and candied fruit. The palate is tannic and very oaky for a wine of this level. Flavors of toffee, cocoa, mocha and generic berry fruit show more oak than purity. A good wine but heavy handed with the oak. Contains 15% Syrah.', "This 100% Cabernet Sauvignon smells of cassis, underbrush and vanilla. It's easygoing and made to be enjoyed young, its black currant, licorice and cinnamon flavors smoothed with round tannins. END
START HERE Sweet on the nose, with a lot of mocha, vanilla and candied fruit. The palate is tannic and very oaky for a wine of this level. Flavors of toffee, cocoa, mocha and generic berry fruit show more oak than purity. A good wine but heavy handed with the oak. Contains 15% Syrah.', "This 100% Cabernet Sauvignon smells of cassis, underbrush and vanilla. It's easygoing and made to be enjoyed young, its black currant, licorice and cinnamon flavors smoothed with round tannins.", "This wine is tangy and textured with light tannins, a bite of citrus acidity and plenty of fruit. It's bright and has a juicy, lively aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE This 100% Cabernet Sauvignon smells of cassis, underbrush and vanilla. It's easygoing and made to be enjoyed young, its black currant, licorice and cinnamon flavors smoothed with round tannins.", "This wine is tangy and textured with light tannins, a bite of citrus acidity and plenty of fruit. It's bright and has a juicy, lively aftertaste. Drink now.", 'One whiff says this hails from a warmer region like Maule as opposed to someplace cool and coastal. The aromas are tropical more than zesty, with notes of mango and banana. On the palate, this is round but acidic enough, while flavors of tangerine, grapefruit and lime wind down well. END
START HERE This wine is tangy and textured with light tannins, a bite of citrus acidity and plenty of fruit. It's bright and has a juicy, lively aftertaste. Drink now.", 'One whiff says this hails from a warmer region like Maule as opposed to someplace cool and coastal. The aromas are tropical more than zesty, with notes of mango and banana. On the palate, this is round but acidic enough, while flavors of tangerine, grapefruit and lime wind down well.', 'Crisp and zesty in acid-rich lemongrass, lime, pineapple and fig flavors, this Sauvignon Blanc finishes clean and off-dry. Good with crab cakes with a tropical fruit and cilantro salsa. END
START HERE One whiff says this hails from a warmer region like Maule as opposed to someplace cool and coastal. The aromas are tropical more than zesty, with notes of mango and banana. On the palate, this is round but acidic enough, while flavors of tangerine, grapefruit and lime wind down well.', 'Crisp and zesty in acid-rich lemongrass, lime, pineapple and fig flavors, this Sauvignon Blanc finishes clean and off-dry. Good with crab cakes with a tropical fruit and cilantro salsa.', 'Smells almost as much like a pizza as wine with its herbal notes of basil, fresh tomato and pepper. Along with those saucy aromas come berry and plum fruit; but again, any fruit on the nose or palate is mixed with a strong dose of herbal essence. Soft and chewy in terms of feel. Standard Chilean Merlot. END
START HERE Crisp and zesty in acid-rich lemongrass, lime, pineapple and fig flavors, this Sauvignon Blanc finishes clean and off-dry. Good with crab cakes with a tropical fruit and cilantro salsa.', 'Smells almost as much like a pizza as wine with its herbal notes of basil, fresh tomato and pepper. Along with those saucy aromas come berry and plum fruit; but again, any fruit on the nose or palate is mixed with a strong dose of herbal essence. Soft and chewy in terms of feel. Standard Chilean Merlot.', "Not sure what's going on at StoneCap, but after a couple of outstanding Merlot vintages, it seems to have lost its way in 2011. Spritzy, bitter and herbal, there's a big splash of vanilla, as if intended to cover the vegetal flavors of unripe grapes. END
START HERE Smells almost as much like a pizza as wine with its herbal notes of basil, fresh tomato and pepper. Along with those saucy aromas come berry and plum fruit; but again, any fruit on the nose or palate is mixed with a strong dose of herbal essence. Soft and chewy in terms of feel. Standard Chilean Merlot.', "Not sure what's going on at StoneCap, but after a couple of outstanding Merlot vintages, it seems to have lost its way in 2011. Spritzy, bitter and herbal, there's a big splash of vanilla, as if intended to cover the vegetal flavors of unripe grapes.", 'Briny nectarine aromas set up a fresh palate. Standard stone-fruit flavors and apple notes finish steady and a touch sweet, with citric acidity. END
START HERE Not sure what's going on at StoneCap, but after a couple of outstanding Merlot vintages, it seems to have lost its way in 2011. Spritzy, bitter and herbal, there's a big splash of vanilla, as if intended to cover the vegetal flavors of unripe grapes.", 'Briny nectarine aromas set up a fresh palate. Standard stone-fruit flavors and apple notes finish steady and a touch sweet, with citric acidity.', 'For ten bucks, you get a good, everyday Chardonnay. It has creamy, fruity flavors and a clean finish. END
START HERE Briny nectarine aromas set up a fresh palate. Standard stone-fruit flavors and apple notes finish steady and a touch sweet, with citric acidity.', 'For ten bucks, you get a good, everyday Chardonnay. It has creamy, fruity flavors and a clean finish.', 'Ripe in color and aromas, this chunky wine delivers heavy baked-berry and raisin aromas in front of a jammy, extracted palate. Raisin and cooked berry flavors finish plump, with earthy notes. END
START HERE For ten bucks, you get a good, everyday Chardonnay. It has creamy, fruity flavors and a clean finish.', 'Ripe in color and aromas, this chunky wine delivers heavy baked-berry and raisin aromas in front of a jammy, extracted palate. Raisin and cooked berry flavors finish plump, with earthy notes.', 'Vegetal-leaning, stewy aromas of plum and jammy berry are saucy. This feels sticky and low in acidity. Grassy, herbal plum and berry flavors are a bit green on the finish. END
START HERE Ripe in color and aromas, this chunky wine delivers heavy baked-berry and raisin aromas in front of a jammy, extracted palate. Raisin and cooked berry flavors finish plump, with earthy notes.', 'Vegetal-leaning, stewy aromas of plum and jammy berry are saucy. This feels sticky and low in acidity. Grassy, herbal plum and berry flavors are a bit green on the finish.', 'A straightforward quaffer with off-dry notes of fresh herbs, whole bell pepper and black currant. END
START HERE Vegetal-leaning, stewy aromas of plum and jammy berry are saucy. This feels sticky and low in acidity. Grassy, herbal plum and berry flavors are a bit green on the finish.', 'A straightforward quaffer with off-dry notes of fresh herbs, whole bell pepper and black currant.', 'Fresh and clean, with light, lemony aromas in addition to tropical fruit. The palate is textured and full, with fairly pure apple and pineapple flavors and some nuttiness. Everything works here, including the smooth, lengthy finish.  Best Buy. END
START HERE A straightforward quaffer with off-dry notes of fresh herbs, whole bell pepper and black currant.', 'Fresh and clean, with light, lemony aromas in addition to tropical fruit. The palate is textured and full, with fairly pure apple and pineapple flavors and some nuttiness. Everything works here, including the smooth, lengthy finish.  Best Buy.', "Creamy aromas of vanilla and pears also carry some typical Sauvignon Blanc pungency. For a rounder style, which it is, it's quite refreshing. The mix across the palate of banana, grapefruit and almonds is attractive, and so is the round, pretty finish. Drink it very soon. END
START HERE Fresh and clean, with light, lemony aromas in addition to tropical fruit. The palate is textured and full, with fairly pure apple and pineapple flavors and some nuttiness. Everything works here, including the smooth, lengthy finish.  Best Buy.', "Creamy aromas of vanilla and pears also carry some typical Sauvignon Blanc pungency. For a rounder style, which it is, it's quite refreshing. The mix across the palate of banana, grapefruit and almonds is attractive, and so is the round, pretty finish. Drink it very soon.", "The notes of ash, cherry, and plum are faint and soft in feel but it's well priced for the quality and delivers enough tannic heft to live up to its name. END
START HERE Creamy aromas of vanilla and pears also carry some typical Sauvignon Blanc pungency. For a rounder style, which it is, it's quite refreshing. The mix across the palate of banana, grapefruit and almonds is attractive, and so is the round, pretty finish. Drink it very soon.", "The notes of ash, cherry, and plum are faint and soft in feel but it's well priced for the quality and delivers enough tannic heft to live up to its name.", "Mixed into the blend are smallish proportions of Muscat, Pinot Grigio, Riesling and Gewürztraminer, and this is not really trying to be Chardonnay. It's a dry, tart, all-purpose, everyday white wine, which you can serve with confidence and almost any style of white-wine food you can cook up. END
START HERE The notes of ash, cherry, and plum are faint and soft in feel but it's well priced for the quality and delivers enough tannic heft to live up to its name.", "Mixed into the blend are smallish proportions of Muscat, Pinot Grigio, Riesling and Gewürztraminer, and this is not really trying to be Chardonnay. It's a dry, tart, all-purpose, everyday white wine, which you can serve with confidence and almost any style of white-wine food you can cook up.", 'A savory nose of balsamic vinegar and smoked sausage gives this Merlot a spirited start. Big, juicy fruit flavors meld with wooded spice on the palate, offering a fun, easygoing wine with a long finish. Affordable and versatile. END
START HERE Mixed into the blend are smallish proportions of Muscat, Pinot Grigio, Riesling and Gewürztraminer, and this is not really trying to be Chardonnay. It's a dry, tart, all-purpose, everyday white wine, which you can serve with confidence and almost any style of white-wine food you can cook up.", 'A savory nose of balsamic vinegar and smoked sausage gives this Merlot a spirited start. Big, juicy fruit flavors meld with wooded spice on the palate, offering a fun, easygoing wine with a long finish. Affordable and versatile.', "This wine's light, rusty color and herbal, dilute nose tell you most of what you need to know about this weakly constituted Monastrell-led blend. Tea, leafy fruit flavors, pepper and rooty flavors are what it's about. END
START HERE A savory nose of balsamic vinegar and smoked sausage gives this Merlot a spirited start. Big, juicy fruit flavors meld with wooded spice on the palate, offering a fun, easygoing wine with a long finish. Affordable and versatile.', "This wine's light, rusty color and herbal, dilute nose tell you most of what you need to know about this weakly constituted Monastrell-led blend. Tea, leafy fruit flavors, pepper and rooty flavors are what it's about.", 'Scratchy rhubarb aromas run tart and weedy. The palate on this basic Merlot is high in acid and thus shrill, with sharp raspberry and cherry flavors. A short, choppy finish with sour plum flavors closes out this marginal, crisp wine. END
START HERE This wine's light, rusty color and herbal, dilute nose tell you most of what you need to know about this weakly constituted Monastrell-led blend. Tea, leafy fruit flavors, pepper and rooty flavors are what it's about.", 'Scratchy rhubarb aromas run tart and weedy. The palate on this basic Merlot is high in acid and thus shrill, with sharp raspberry and cherry flavors. A short, choppy finish with sour plum flavors closes out this marginal, crisp wine.', 'This totally fresh wine has benefited from the quality of whites in 2007 Bordeaux. It is lemony with pink grapefruit flavors giving an intense lift. There is some herbaceousness, with green herbs and juicy fruits. To drink now. END
START HERE Scratchy rhubarb aromas run tart and weedy. The palate on this basic Merlot is high in acid and thus shrill, with sharp raspberry and cherry flavors. A short, choppy finish with sour plum flavors closes out this marginal, crisp wine.', 'This totally fresh wine has benefited from the quality of whites in 2007 Bordeaux. It is lemony with pink grapefruit flavors giving an intense lift. There is some herbaceousness, with green herbs and juicy fruits. To drink now.', 'Despite the modest price, this wine needs some time in the glass or in a decanter to open up. It starts off slowly, then builds pear and quince aromas and flavors through the long, tart, minerally finish. Best Buy. END
START HERE This totally fresh wine has benefited from the quality of whites in 2007 Bordeaux. It is lemony with pink grapefruit flavors giving an intense lift. There is some herbaceousness, with green herbs and juicy fruits. To drink now.', 'Despite the modest price, this wine needs some time in the glass or in a decanter to open up. It starts off slowly, then builds pear and quince aromas and flavors through the long, tart, minerally finish. Best Buy.', "This Merlot is dry and scratchy on the nose, with raspberry and spice aromas. It's fresh and clean on the palate, with a quick wave of spicy red-berry flavor. It remains spicy and a touch minty on the finish. END
START HERE Despite the modest price, this wine needs some time in the glass or in a decanter to open up. It starts off slowly, then builds pear and quince aromas and flavors through the long, tart, minerally finish. Best Buy.', "This Merlot is dry and scratchy on the nose, with raspberry and spice aromas. It's fresh and clean on the palate, with a quick wave of spicy red-berry flavor. It remains spicy and a touch minty on the finish.", 'Made from the local Sciaccarellu grape, this is a delicious, light and perfumed wine. It has tight acidity to go with the red currant flavors and the crisp texture. The wine is poised and refreshing. END
START HERE This Merlot is dry and scratchy on the nose, with raspberry and spice aromas. It's fresh and clean on the palate, with a quick wave of spicy red-berry flavor. It remains spicy and a touch minty on the finish.", 'Made from the local Sciaccarellu grape, this is a delicious, light and perfumed wine. It has tight acidity to go with the red currant flavors and the crisp texture. The wine is poised and refreshing.', 'Jammy raspberry aromas come with a minerally kick and toastiness. The palate is fresh and delivers pointed acidity in support of toasty berry, herb and licorice flavors. Finishes with a lightly baked and chocolaty note, confirming that this is well-made, value-priced wine. END
START HERE Made from the local Sciaccarellu grape, this is a delicious, light and perfumed wine. It has tight acidity to go with the red currant flavors and the crisp texture. The wine is poised and refreshing.', 'Jammy raspberry aromas come with a minerally kick and toastiness. The palate is fresh and delivers pointed acidity in support of toasty berry, herb and licorice flavors. Finishes with a lightly baked and chocolaty note, confirming that this is well-made, value-priced wine.', 'Neutral up front except for some pine and minerality. Feels grippy but highly regular, with apple cider and stalky white-fruit flavors. Resiny and mildly bitter on the finish. END
START HERE Jammy raspberry aromas come with a minerally kick and toastiness. The palate is fresh and delivers pointed acidity in support of toasty berry, herb and licorice flavors. Finishes with a lightly baked and chocolaty note, confirming that this is well-made, value-priced wine.', 'Neutral up front except for some pine and minerality. Feels grippy but highly regular, with apple cider and stalky white-fruit flavors. Resiny and mildly bitter on the finish.', 'Underripe aromas of bell pepper and scallion correctly announce a shearing, high-acid palate. Salty, tart flavors of citrus fruits finish with pyrazine-driven green notes. END
START HERE Neutral up front except for some pine and minerality. Feels grippy but highly regular, with apple cider and stalky white-fruit flavors. Resiny and mildly bitter on the finish.', 'Underripe aromas of bell pepper and scallion correctly announce a shearing, high-acid palate. Salty, tart flavors of citrus fruits finish with pyrazine-driven green notes.', 'Spicy and woody, with a pungency on the nose. The round palate is full of red-berry fruit and a fair amount of supporting oak. That wood is confirmed on the finish, where things turn a bit buttery and rich. Fortunately some lively tannins and cleansing acids keep things from getting bogged down. A good everyday Cab. Best Buy. END
START HERE Underripe aromas of bell pepper and scallion correctly announce a shearing, high-acid palate. Salty, tart flavors of citrus fruits finish with pyrazine-driven green notes.', 'Spicy and woody, with a pungency on the nose. The round palate is full of red-berry fruit and a fair amount of supporting oak. That wood is confirmed on the finish, where things turn a bit buttery and rich. Fortunately some lively tannins and cleansing acids keep things from getting bogged down. A good everyday Cab. Best Buy.', 'Mild tropical fruit and citrus aromas draw you right in. Medium weight, with bright acidity that keeps the flavors lively, the wine displays pineapple and spice on the palate and finish and has an appealing chalky, leesy feel. END
START HERE Spicy and woody, with a pungency on the nose. The round palate is full of red-berry fruit and a fair amount of supporting oak. That wood is confirmed on the finish, where things turn a bit buttery and rich. Fortunately some lively tannins and cleansing acids keep things from getting bogged down. A good everyday Cab. Best Buy.', 'Mild tropical fruit and citrus aromas draw you right in. Medium weight, with bright acidity that keeps the flavors lively, the wine displays pineapple and spice on the palate and finish and has an appealing chalky, leesy feel.', 'A creamy style of Sauvignon Blanc, showing soft pear juice and flora flavors, fresh with a feeling of richness. Screwcap. END
START HERE Mild tropical fruit and citrus aromas draw you right in. Medium weight, with bright acidity that keeps the flavors lively, the wine displays pineapple and spice on the palate and finish and has an appealing chalky, leesy feel.', 'A creamy style of Sauvignon Blanc, showing soft pear juice and flora flavors, fresh with a feeling of richness. Screwcap.', "Vivid grapefruit and crisp apple notes give a big personality to this medium-bodied wine. A light sweetness takes off the acidic edge, while oaky and earthy accents linger on the finish. It's a terrific value and not hard to find. END
START HERE A creamy style of Sauvignon Blanc, showing soft pear juice and flora flavors, fresh with a feeling of richness. Screwcap.', "Vivid grapefruit and crisp apple notes give a big personality to this medium-bodied wine. A light sweetness takes off the acidic edge, while oaky and earthy accents linger on the finish. It's a terrific value and not hard to find.", "Made in a semisweet style, this smells almost dry, with notes of cheese and vanilla. On the palate, it's simple, where the sugary flavors quickly emerge before fading away to almost nothing. END
START HERE Vivid grapefruit and crisp apple notes give a big personality to this medium-bodied wine. A light sweetness takes off the acidic edge, while oaky and earthy accents linger on the finish. It's a terrific value and not hard to find.", "Made in a semisweet style, this smells almost dry, with notes of cheese and vanilla. On the palate, it's simple, where the sugary flavors quickly emerge before fading away to almost nothing.", "Unoaked Chardonnays can be fairly neutral, but this one is anything but. Creamy and textural, it's laced with mixed flavors of grapefruit, gooseberry, lime and lemon zest. Delicious on its own, or pair it with gently seasoned seafood or poultry. END
START HERE Made in a semisweet style, this smells almost dry, with notes of cheese and vanilla. On the palate, it's simple, where the sugary flavors quickly emerge before fading away to almost nothing.", "Unoaked Chardonnays can be fairly neutral, but this one is anything but. Creamy and textural, it's laced with mixed flavors of grapefruit, gooseberry, lime and lemon zest. Delicious on its own, or pair it with gently seasoned seafood or poultry.", 'This finely structured wine is ripe and full of blackberry flavors, with a soft, rich texture. That suggests it will age relatively quickly and be ready to drink from 2019. END
START HERE Unoaked Chardonnays can be fairly neutral, but this one is anything but. Creamy and textural, it's laced with mixed flavors of grapefruit, gooseberry, lime and lemon zest. Delicious on its own, or pair it with gently seasoned seafood or poultry.", 'This finely structured wine is ripe and full of blackberry flavors, with a soft, rich texture. That suggests it will age relatively quickly and be ready to drink from 2019.', 'Aromas of ripe peaches, white flowers and fresh jasmine explode from the glass. The wine tastes sweet but still shows delicacy, with enough acid to balance it all out. END
START HERE This finely structured wine is ripe and full of blackberry flavors, with a soft, rich texture. That suggests it will age relatively quickly and be ready to drink from 2019.', 'Aromas of ripe peaches, white flowers and fresh jasmine explode from the glass. The wine tastes sweet but still shows delicacy, with enough acid to balance it all out.', "Possessing bold waves of pineappley fruit, this is an intensely flavored Chardonnay at a reasonable price. It's fruity and direct, with clean citrus featuring prominently from start to finish. END
START HERE Aromas of ripe peaches, white flowers and fresh jasmine explode from the glass. The wine tastes sweet but still shows delicacy, with enough acid to balance it all out.', "Possessing bold waves of pineappley fruit, this is an intensely flavored Chardonnay at a reasonable price. It's fruity and direct, with clean citrus featuring prominently from start to finish.", 'An attractive nose of gooseberry and grapefruit is followed by bright, fresh flavors of lemon, tropical fruit and minerals in this affordable SB. Slightly lean but still elegant, the wine has a refreshing citric finish. END
START HERE Possessing bold waves of pineappley fruit, this is an intensely flavored Chardonnay at a reasonable price. It's fruity and direct, with clean citrus featuring prominently from start to finish.", 'An attractive nose of gooseberry and grapefruit is followed by bright, fresh flavors of lemon, tropical fruit and minerals in this affordable SB. Slightly lean but still elegant, the wine has a refreshing citric finish.', 'This is a straightforward, regular Cab with berry/cherry aromas and flavors. Nothing is out of the ordinary; the palate is bright and focused on simple berry flavors, while the finish has proper feel, lift and power. Shows a good mixture of fruit, acid and tannin. END
START HERE An attractive nose of gooseberry and grapefruit is followed by bright, fresh flavors of lemon, tropical fruit and minerals in this affordable SB. Slightly lean but still elegant, the wine has a refreshing citric finish.', 'This is a straightforward, regular Cab with berry/cherry aromas and flavors. Nothing is out of the ordinary; the palate is bright and focused on simple berry flavors, while the finish has proper feel, lift and power. Shows a good mixture of fruit, acid and tannin.', 'Juicy, bright, loaded with young, grapey, berry flavors. Bright and polished, with a Grenache-like character, though it is 100% varietal. END
START HERE This is a straightforward, regular Cab with berry/cherry aromas and flavors. Nothing is out of the ordinary; the palate is bright and focused on simple berry flavors, while the finish has proper feel, lift and power. Shows a good mixture of fruit, acid and tannin.', 'Juicy, bright, loaded with young, grapey, berry flavors. Bright and polished, with a Grenache-like character, though it is 100% varietal.', "This is a simple, straightforward quaffer, with off-dry (5.2 g/L residual sugar) notes of melon, tropical fruit and musk. It's 85% Chardonnay, with 10% Riesling, 3% Gewüurztraminer and 2% Viognier blended in. END
START HERE Juicy, bright, loaded with young, grapey, berry flavors. Bright and polished, with a Grenache-like character, though it is 100% varietal.', "This is a simple, straightforward quaffer, with off-dry (5.2 g/L residual sugar) notes of melon, tropical fruit and musk. It's 85% Chardonnay, with 10% Riesling, 3% Gewüurztraminer and 2% Viognier blended in.", 'Light and tropical, with buttercup aromas and a touch of citrus. The palate is plump and slightly oily, but with good acidity. Apple, mango and banana flavors are fruity and sweet, but overall the wine holds it together. Drink right away. END
START HERE This is a simple, straightforward quaffer, with off-dry (5.2 g/L residual sugar) notes of melon, tropical fruit and musk. It's 85% Chardonnay, with 10% Riesling, 3% Gewüurztraminer and 2% Viognier blended in.", 'Light and tropical, with buttercup aromas and a touch of citrus. The palate is plump and slightly oily, but with good acidity. Apple, mango and banana flavors are fruity and sweet, but overall the wine holds it together. Drink right away.', 'Crusty on the nose, this has an asphalt note that transitions into hard spice and sour berry notes. It has flavors of creamy, minty oak and medicinal berry fruit. A lasting flavor of oak-driven spice and a hint of green carry some heat. END
START HERE Light and tropical, with buttercup aromas and a touch of citrus. The palate is plump and slightly oily, but with good acidity. Apple, mango and banana flavors are fruity and sweet, but overall the wine holds it together. Drink right away.', 'Crusty on the nose, this has an asphalt note that transitions into hard spice and sour berry notes. It has flavors of creamy, minty oak and medicinal berry fruit. A lasting flavor of oak-driven spice and a hint of green carry some heat.', 'Still toasty, this is a fruity, spicy wine. Firm tannins form the backdrop to the red berry fruits and fresh acidity. It will develop attractively over the next few years, so drink from 2017. END
START HERE Crusty on the nose, this has an asphalt note that transitions into hard spice and sour berry notes. It has flavors of creamy, minty oak and medicinal berry fruit. A lasting flavor of oak-driven spice and a hint of green carry some heat.', 'Still toasty, this is a fruity, spicy wine. Firm tannins form the backdrop to the red berry fruits and fresh acidity. It will develop attractively over the next few years, so drink from 2017.', 'Generic black fruit aromas are accompanied by mocha, heat and lemony oak. Feels tannic and choppy, with herbal berry fruit flavors. Lively but pointed and jagged on the finish. END
START HERE Still toasty, this is a fruity, spicy wine. Firm tannins form the backdrop to the red berry fruits and fresh acidity. It will develop attractively over the next few years, so drink from 2017.', 'Generic black fruit aromas are accompanied by mocha, heat and lemony oak. Feels tannic and choppy, with herbal berry fruit flavors. Lively but pointed and jagged on the finish.', "A tasty, satisfying everyday red with an easy-drinking style and an affordable price. Light in texture, it's marked by jammy aromas, berry and herb flavors, and a soft finish. END
START HERE Generic black fruit aromas are accompanied by mocha, heat and lemony oak. Feels tannic and choppy, with herbal berry fruit flavors. Lively but pointed and jagged on the finish.', "A tasty, satisfying everyday red with an easy-drinking style and an affordable price. Light in texture, it's marked by jammy aromas, berry and herb flavors, and a soft finish.", "Clean pear fruit on the nose and refreshing throughout. This wine works because it's straightforward and lightly oaked. The apple, melon and mineral flavors stand out, and the round body and solid finish carry it home. END
START HERE A tasty, satisfying everyday red with an easy-drinking style and an affordable price. Light in texture, it's marked by jammy aromas, berry and herb flavors, and a soft finish.", "Clean pear fruit on the nose and refreshing throughout. This wine works because it's straightforward and lightly oaked. The apple, melon and mineral flavors stand out, and the round body and solid finish carry it home.", 'Simple, dry and one dimensional, this has cola and cherry jam flavors, and a silky, delicate texture. END
START HERE Clean pear fruit on the nose and refreshing throughout. This wine works because it's straightforward and lightly oaked. The apple, melon and mineral flavors stand out, and the round body and solid finish carry it home.", 'Simple, dry and one dimensional, this has cola and cherry jam flavors, and a silky, delicate texture.', 'At first, the bouquet seems dense and tinged with a mild lactic note, but that moves on rather quickly. The flavor profile of banana, pear and apple is perfectly fine, while the finish is a bit lean. END
START HERE Simple, dry and one dimensional, this has cola and cherry jam flavors, and a silky, delicate texture.', 'At first, the bouquet seems dense and tinged with a mild lactic note, but that moves on rather quickly. The flavor profile of banana, pear and apple is perfectly fine, while the finish is a bit lean.', 'Lightly aromatic with notes of pear, spice, and a kiss of caramel. The small amounts of Viognier (9%) and Sémillon (2%) contribute to its medium bodied, viscous feel before leading to a tart, somewhat thin finish. END
START HERE At first, the bouquet seems dense and tinged with a mild lactic note, but that moves on rather quickly. The flavor profile of banana, pear and apple is perfectly fine, while the finish is a bit lean.', 'Lightly aromatic with notes of pear, spice, and a kiss of caramel. The small amounts of Viognier (9%) and Sémillon (2%) contribute to its medium bodied, viscous feel before leading to a tart, somewhat thin finish.', 'This is a soft wine with attractive ripe strawberry fruits and a soft texture. There is balancing acidity giving an edge of freshness to the otherwise gentle fruity texture. END
START HERE Lightly aromatic with notes of pear, spice, and a kiss of caramel. The small amounts of Viognier (9%) and Sémillon (2%) contribute to its medium bodied, viscous feel before leading to a tart, somewhat thin finish.', 'This is a soft wine with attractive ripe strawberry fruits and a soft texture. There is balancing acidity giving an edge of freshness to the otherwise gentle fruity texture.', 'Apple and white fruit aromas set up a balanced, reasonably full palate, with banana, creamy oak, vanilla and apple flavors. It feels solid and round, with a clean finish. END
START HERE This is a soft wine with attractive ripe strawberry fruits and a soft texture. There is balancing acidity giving an edge of freshness to the otherwise gentle fruity texture.', 'Apple and white fruit aromas set up a balanced, reasonably full palate, with banana, creamy oak, vanilla and apple flavors. It feels solid and round, with a clean finish.', 'Rather simple, blending ripe pear and citrus, but offers a full-bodied mouthful of clean fruit character. END
START HERE Apple and white fruit aromas set up a balanced, reasonably full palate, with banana, creamy oak, vanilla and apple flavors. It feels solid and round, with a clean finish.', 'Rather simple, blending ripe pear and citrus, but offers a full-bodied mouthful of clean fruit character.', "Here's a good, robust red wine. It's made in a country-style, with tobacco, cherry and spice flavors and a jagged mouthfeel. Drink it with tacos and burgers. END
START HERE Rather simple, blending ripe pear and citrus, but offers a full-bodied mouthful of clean fruit character.', "Here's a good, robust red wine. It's made in a country-style, with tobacco, cherry and spice flavors and a jagged mouthfeel. Drink it with tacos and burgers.", "Potent aromas of red fruit, rubber and lemony oak kick things off, followed by a very typical mix of cherry and berry flavors. The finish is properly tannic and round, with an acid-driven freshness that secures the mouthfeel. This has more red than dark fruit, but it's still a perfectly quaffable Cabernet. END
START HERE Here's a good, robust red wine. It's made in a country-style, with tobacco, cherry and spice flavors and a jagged mouthfeel. Drink it with tacos and burgers.", "Potent aromas of red fruit, rubber and lemony oak kick things off, followed by a very typical mix of cherry and berry flavors. The finish is properly tannic and round, with an acid-driven freshness that secures the mouthfeel. This has more red than dark fruit, but it's still a perfectly quaffable Cabernet.", 'This is a basic but nice Chardonnay with lightly oaked aromas of pear, apple and tropical fruits. The palate is fresh and healthy, while apple, mango and peach flavors settle with a hint of bitter matchstick and leftover tropical notes. END
START HERE Potent aromas of red fruit, rubber and lemony oak kick things off, followed by a very typical mix of cherry and berry flavors. The finish is properly tannic and round, with an acid-driven freshness that secures the mouthfeel. This has more red than dark fruit, but it's still a perfectly quaffable Cabernet.", 'This is a basic but nice Chardonnay with lightly oaked aromas of pear, apple and tropical fruits. The palate is fresh and healthy, while apple, mango and peach flavors settle with a hint of bitter matchstick and leftover tropical notes.', "Decent, with ripe flavors of cherries and spice, dry tannins and good acidity. Yes, it's a common wine, made for everyday consumption, but you can't drink expensive stuff every day. This will do in a pinch, or for your next block party. END
START HERE This is a basic but nice Chardonnay with lightly oaked aromas of pear, apple and tropical fruits. The palate is fresh and healthy, while apple, mango and peach flavors settle with a hint of bitter matchstick and leftover tropical notes.', "Decent, with ripe flavors of cherries and spice, dry tannins and good acidity. Yes, it's a common wine, made for everyday consumption, but you can't drink expensive stuff every day. This will do in a pinch, or for your next block party.", 'Rubbery and warm on the nose, with earthy plum and blackberry aromas. The palate is full and bouncy, with appropriate plum, berry and cassis flavors. Nice for standard New World Cab, with fig, chocolate and no buttery, sloppy oak. END
START HERE Decent, with ripe flavors of cherries and spice, dry tannins and good acidity. Yes, it's a common wine, made for everyday consumption, but you can't drink expensive stuff every day. This will do in a pinch, or for your next block party.", 'Rubbery and warm on the nose, with earthy plum and blackberry aromas. The palate is full and bouncy, with appropriate plum, berry and cassis flavors. Nice for standard New World Cab, with fig, chocolate and no buttery, sloppy oak.', 'This enjoyable, informal red delivers fruity flavors of juicy red cherry and crushed raspberry. Fresh and easy drinking, it would match nicely with pizza and pasta dishes topped with tomato sauce. END
START HERE Rubbery and warm on the nose, with earthy plum and blackberry aromas. The palate is full and bouncy, with appropriate plum, berry and cassis flavors. Nice for standard New World Cab, with fig, chocolate and no buttery, sloppy oak.', 'This enjoyable, informal red delivers fruity flavors of juicy red cherry and crushed raspberry. Fresh and easy drinking, it would match nicely with pizza and pasta dishes topped with tomato sauce.', 'Blackberry and cassis aromas are a touch balsamic but mostly clean. This feels solid and hefty, with slightly overripe black-fruit flavors. A low-acid finish results in flatness. END
START HERE This enjoyable, informal red delivers fruity flavors of juicy red cherry and crushed raspberry. Fresh and easy drinking, it would match nicely with pizza and pasta dishes topped with tomato sauce.', 'Blackberry and cassis aromas are a touch balsamic but mostly clean. This feels solid and hefty, with slightly overripe black-fruit flavors. A low-acid finish results in flatness.', 'Yeasty, bland, unconvincing aromas make for an unremarkable opening. This is flabby and broken on the palate, with yeasty flavors of canned peas. END
START HERE Blackberry and cassis aromas are a touch balsamic but mostly clean. This feels solid and hefty, with slightly overripe black-fruit flavors. A low-acid finish results in flatness.', 'Yeasty, bland, unconvincing aromas make for an unremarkable opening. This is flabby and broken on the palate, with yeasty flavors of canned peas.', "Dry, thin and simple, with a green, minty streak and lots of acidity. Still, with some decent blackberry fruit, it's not a bad wine for the price. END
START HERE Yeasty, bland, unconvincing aromas make for an unremarkable opening. This is flabby and broken on the palate, with yeasty flavors of canned peas.', "Dry, thin and simple, with a green, minty streak and lots of acidity. Still, with some decent blackberry fruit, it's not a bad wine for the price.", 'An exceptional value for a Bordeaux, this is ripe, full and fruity. Smoky tannins and juicy black currant flavors are bright and generous. It will be ready to drink from 2016. END
START HERE Dry, thin and simple, with a green, minty streak and lots of acidity. Still, with some decent blackberry fruit, it's not a bad wine for the price.", 'An exceptional value for a Bordeaux, this is ripe, full and fruity. Smoky tannins and juicy black currant flavors are bright and generous. It will be ready to drink from 2016.', "There's a distinct salinity to this Chard, complementing the green apple and hard peach flavors. Notes of sweet lemony citrus linger on the mouthwatering finish. END
START HERE An exceptional value for a Bordeaux, this is ripe, full and fruity. Smoky tannins and juicy black currant flavors are bright and generous. It will be ready to drink from 2016.', "There's a distinct salinity to this Chard, complementing the green apple and hard peach flavors. Notes of sweet lemony citrus linger on the mouthwatering finish.", 'Simple and silky, this is fairly sweet in apricot and raspberry fruit. This is easy to drink at picnics and similar everyday occasions. END
START HERE There's a distinct salinity to this Chard, complementing the green apple and hard peach flavors. Notes of sweet lemony citrus linger on the mouthwatering finish.", 'Simple and silky, this is fairly sweet in apricot and raspberry fruit. This is easy to drink at picnics and similar everyday occasions.', 'A fine Chardonnay for the price. Soft and buttery upon entry, it shows good balance in the midpalate, with the butter blended with fresh apple and lime, and set against enough juicy acidity to give it definition. END
START HERE Simple and silky, this is fairly sweet in apricot and raspberry fruit. This is easy to drink at picnics and similar everyday occasions.', 'A fine Chardonnay for the price. Soft and buttery upon entry, it shows good balance in the midpalate, with the butter blended with fresh apple and lime, and set against enough juicy acidity to give it definition.', 'Pleasant and fruity to sip, soft in texture, light- to medium bodied, it has a rich yellow-gold color, butter-candy aromas, ripe apple flavors and a slightly sweet finish. END
START HERE A fine Chardonnay for the price. Soft and buttery upon entry, it shows good balance in the midpalate, with the butter blended with fresh apple and lime, and set against enough juicy acidity to give it definition.', 'Pleasant and fruity to sip, soft in texture, light- to medium bodied, it has a rich yellow-gold color, butter-candy aromas, ripe apple flavors and a slightly sweet finish.', "Apple cider, night jasmine, ripe pears and orange cream aromas show on this sweeter bottling. The palate is quite clean and crisp, with rich apple juice flavors and a tactile acidity that fades fairly quickly. It's quite sweet. END
START HERE Pleasant and fruity to sip, soft in texture, light- to medium bodied, it has a rich yellow-gold color, butter-candy aromas, ripe apple flavors and a slightly sweet finish.', "Apple cider, night jasmine, ripe pears and orange cream aromas show on this sweeter bottling. The palate is quite clean and crisp, with rich apple juice flavors and a tactile acidity that fades fairly quickly. It's quite sweet.", 'Direct and fruity, this Chardonnay is loaded with lemon. END
START HERE Apple cider, night jasmine, ripe pears and orange cream aromas show on this sweeter bottling. The palate is quite clean and crisp, with rich apple juice flavors and a tactile acidity that fades fairly quickly. It's quite sweet.", 'Direct and fruity, this Chardonnay is loaded with lemon.', 'Aromas like dried herbs and flavors like green apple and pear nectar make a colorful combination in this medium-bodied wine. END
START HERE Direct and fruity, this Chardonnay is loaded with lemon.', 'Aromas like dried herbs and flavors like green apple and pear nectar make a colorful combination in this medium-bodied wine.', 'An interesting wine, at a good price: Has pastry dough, lime and yellow fruit aromas, and a slightly viscous texture. In the mouth, stone fruit wears a minerally cloak. White pepper and herb flavors add zip to the finish. END
START HERE Aromas like dried herbs and flavors like green apple and pear nectar make a colorful combination in this medium-bodied wine.', 'An interesting wine, at a good price: Has pastry dough, lime and yellow fruit aromas, and a slightly viscous texture. In the mouth, stone fruit wears a minerally cloak. White pepper and herb flavors add zip to the finish.', 'This simple wine is full of fruit. There is no wood aging here, just ripe pear and apricot flavors that are gently textured. The wine, with its crisp final acidity, is ready to drink. END
START HERE An interesting wine, at a good price: Has pastry dough, lime and yellow fruit aromas, and a slightly viscous texture. In the mouth, stone fruit wears a minerally cloak. White pepper and herb flavors add zip to the finish.', 'This simple wine is full of fruit. There is no wood aging here, just ripe pear and apricot flavors that are gently textured. The wine, with its crisp final acidity, is ready to drink.', "Acidic and rustic, but rich in fruit, this Cab shows lots of cherries, blackberries and briary wild berries. It's an easy wine to drink, and the price is pretty good. END
START HERE This simple wine is full of fruit. There is no wood aging here, just ripe pear and apricot flavors that are gently textured. The wine, with its crisp final acidity, is ready to drink.', "Acidic and rustic, but rich in fruit, this Cab shows lots of cherries, blackberries and briary wild berries. It's an easy wine to drink, and the price is pretty good.", 'Great value comes from this light-hearted wine with crisp fruitiness. A touch of tannin gives some shape, but the wine is above all attractive and bright with flavors of red fruits and citrus. It will make a fine summer apéritif. END
START HERE Acidic and rustic, but rich in fruit, this Cab shows lots of cherries, blackberries and briary wild berries. It's an easy wine to drink, and the price is pretty good.", 'Great value comes from this light-hearted wine with crisp fruitiness. A touch of tannin gives some shape, but the wine is above all attractive and bright with flavors of red fruits and citrus. It will make a fine summer apéritif.', 'Named after the Citroën 2CV car still sometimes seen on French roads, this lightly tannic wine has black fruits and a stalky structure that serves as a reminder that Malbec can produce structured wines. As a contrast, the fruit and acidity at the end give a lift, so that the wine is ready to drink. END
START HERE Great value comes from this light-hearted wine with crisp fruitiness. A touch of tannin gives some shape, but the wine is above all attractive and bright with flavors of red fruits and citrus. It will make a fine summer apéritif.', 'Named after the Citroën 2CV car still sometimes seen on French roads, this lightly tannic wine has black fruits and a stalky structure that serves as a reminder that Malbec can produce structured wines. As a contrast, the fruit and acidity at the end give a lift, so that the wine is ready to drink.', 'Will satisfy Chardophiles with its oaky, creamy flavors and notes of pineapples, lemons and limes. Finishes dry and crisp in acidity. END
START HERE Named after the Citroën 2CV car still sometimes seen on French roads, this lightly tannic wine has black fruits and a stalky structure that serves as a reminder that Malbec can produce structured wines. As a contrast, the fruit and acidity at the end give a lift, so that the wine is ready to drink.', 'Will satisfy Chardophiles with its oaky, creamy flavors and notes of pineapples, lemons and limes. Finishes dry and crisp in acidity.', 'The nose of this Malbec is fresh and shows black-fruit and plum aromas. Medium bodied, with plum, red berry and herbal flavors. Tasty on the finish, this delivers all the basics for $10. END
START HERE Will satisfy Chardophiles with its oaky, creamy flavors and notes of pineapples, lemons and limes. Finishes dry and crisp in acidity.', 'The nose of this Malbec is fresh and shows black-fruit and plum aromas. Medium bodied, with plum, red berry and herbal flavors. Tasty on the finish, this delivers all the basics for $10.', 'Sweet oak aromas, ripe fruit flavors and a firm texture make a complete and enjoyable package in this full-bodied wine. It has a toasted oak flavor, tasty plum and cinnamon nuances, good acidity and supportive tannins. END
START HERE The nose of this Malbec is fresh and shows black-fruit and plum aromas. Medium bodied, with plum, red berry and herbal flavors. Tasty on the finish, this delivers all the basics for $10.', 'Sweet oak aromas, ripe fruit flavors and a firm texture make a complete and enjoyable package in this full-bodied wine. It has a toasted oak flavor, tasty plum and cinnamon nuances, good acidity and supportive tannins.', 'A cool cherry aroma and a mild, creamy paste note open the nose. The feel is fiery and untamed, while full flavors of cherry and plum seem raw. A cocoa flavor and juicy feel define the finish. END
START HERE Sweet oak aromas, ripe fruit flavors and a firm texture make a complete and enjoyable package in this full-bodied wine. It has a toasted oak flavor, tasty plum and cinnamon nuances, good acidity and supportive tannins.', 'A cool cherry aroma and a mild, creamy paste note open the nose. The feel is fiery and untamed, while full flavors of cherry and plum seem raw. A cocoa flavor and juicy feel define the finish.', 'A flavor spectrum emphasizing grapefruit and kiwi makes this lively and original. Assertive aromas of grapefruit and new-mown grass leap out of the glass, then the flavors are vivid, tangy and lingering. A crisp texture and just enough richness in the body complete the package. END
START HERE A cool cherry aroma and a mild, creamy paste note open the nose. The feel is fiery and untamed, while full flavors of cherry and plum seem raw. A cocoa flavor and juicy feel define the finish.', 'A flavor spectrum emphasizing grapefruit and kiwi makes this lively and original. Assertive aromas of grapefruit and new-mown grass leap out of the glass, then the flavors are vivid, tangy and lingering. A crisp texture and just enough richness in the body complete the package.', 'This is a blend of the unusual Egiodola (a disease-resistant cross of native vines) and Syrah. This rosé version of two naturally tannic grapes turns out to be fruity and juicy. It is lively with crisp acidity and a lightly turned texture. The wine is ready to drink. END
START HERE A flavor spectrum emphasizing grapefruit and kiwi makes this lively and original. Assertive aromas of grapefruit and new-mown grass leap out of the glass, then the flavors are vivid, tangy and lingering. A crisp texture and just enough richness in the body complete the package.', 'This is a blend of the unusual Egiodola (a disease-resistant cross of native vines) and Syrah. This rosé version of two naturally tannic grapes turns out to be fruity and juicy. It is lively with crisp acidity and a lightly turned texture. The wine is ready to drink.', 'Pleasant floral aromas and sunny fruit-bowl flavors meet light buttery, earthy touches in this rather light-bodied wine. This shows nice complexity on the palate, with pear, peach and apple flavors. END
START HERE This is a blend of the unusual Egiodola (a disease-resistant cross of native vines) and Syrah. This rosé version of two naturally tannic grapes turns out to be fruity and juicy. It is lively with crisp acidity and a lightly turned texture. The wine is ready to drink.', 'Pleasant floral aromas and sunny fruit-bowl flavors meet light buttery, earthy touches in this rather light-bodied wine. This shows nice complexity on the palate, with pear, peach and apple flavors.', "Here's a simple little wine that makes for pleasant drinking at an affordable price. It's lemony and dry and soft in acids, but it is very clean and is fine for fried chicken, fruit salad and other picnic-type fare. —S.H. END
START HERE Pleasant floral aromas and sunny fruit-bowl flavors meet light buttery, earthy touches in this rather light-bodied wine. This shows nice complexity on the palate, with pear, peach and apple flavors.', "Here's a simple little wine that makes for pleasant drinking at an affordable price. It's lemony and dry and soft in acids, but it is very clean and is fine for fried chicken, fruit salad and other picnic-type fare. —S.H.", "Shows the flowery, honeyed notes of Riesling, with pleasant citrus, apple and peach flavors. It's a little soft, but will drink well with ham, sausages or just about anything with bacon. END
START HERE Here's a simple little wine that makes for pleasant drinking at an affordable price. It's lemony and dry and soft in acids, but it is very clean and is fine for fried chicken, fruit salad and other picnic-type fare. —S.H.", "Shows the flowery, honeyed notes of Riesling, with pleasant citrus, apple and peach flavors. It's a little soft, but will drink well with ham, sausages or just about anything with bacon.", 'A soft, common wine, sweet in raspberry jam flavors. Easy to serve at parties with tasty little appetizers. END
START HERE Shows the flowery, honeyed notes of Riesling, with pleasant citrus, apple and peach flavors. It's a little soft, but will drink well with ham, sausages or just about anything with bacon.", 'A soft, common wine, sweet in raspberry jam flavors. Easy to serve at parties with tasty little appetizers.', 'Soft black raspberry and cherry notes struggle for expression on the nose. Light and easy in the mouth, the wine is balanced but lacking a bit of heft and structure. END
START HERE A soft, common wine, sweet in raspberry jam flavors. Easy to serve at parties with tasty little appetizers.', 'Soft black raspberry and cherry notes struggle for expression on the nose. Light and easy in the mouth, the wine is balanced but lacking a bit of heft and structure.', "A magnetic nose of cinnamon spice and cigarbox leads this elegant Cabernet from Excelsior, and it's followed by balanced cherry and blackberry fruit flavors. Firm tannins, good acidity and an overall spicy touch give the wine energy and pluck. Good for everyday sipping and ready to drink now. END
START HERE Soft black raspberry and cherry notes struggle for expression on the nose. Light and easy in the mouth, the wine is balanced but lacking a bit of heft and structure.', "A magnetic nose of cinnamon spice and cigarbox leads this elegant Cabernet from Excelsior, and it's followed by balanced cherry and blackberry fruit flavors. Firm tannins, good acidity and an overall spicy touch give the wine energy and pluck. Good for everyday sipping and ready to drink now.", 'Saucy, stewy plum and licorice aromas lead to a wiry palate with grabby tannins. Lightly herbal berry flavors come with a shading of oak, while the finish is herbal and minty tasting, with a sense of raw freshness stemming from latent acidity. END
START HERE A magnetic nose of cinnamon spice and cigarbox leads this elegant Cabernet from Excelsior, and it's followed by balanced cherry and blackberry fruit flavors. Firm tannins, good acidity and an overall spicy touch give the wine energy and pluck. Good for everyday sipping and ready to drink now.", 'Saucy, stewy plum and licorice aromas lead to a wiry palate with grabby tannins. Lightly herbal berry flavors come with a shading of oak, while the finish is herbal and minty tasting, with a sense of raw freshness stemming from latent acidity.', "Simple aromas may lack vibrancy but aren't offputting. And frankly speaking, it's nice to smell soft berry fruit and not much else (namely burnt or buttery oak). The palate, meanwhile, is plump, bright and full of clean but basic boysenberry fruit. Finishes thin but sturdy. END
START HERE Saucy, stewy plum and licorice aromas lead to a wiry palate with grabby tannins. Lightly herbal berry flavors come with a shading of oak, while the finish is herbal and minty tasting, with a sense of raw freshness stemming from latent acidity.', "Simple aromas may lack vibrancy but aren't offputting. And frankly speaking, it's nice to smell soft berry fruit and not much else (namely burnt or buttery oak). The palate, meanwhile, is plump, bright and full of clean but basic boysenberry fruit. Finishes thin but sturdy.", "Fruit-forward aromas of blueberry, orange peel and spice lead to medium-bodied fruit flavors. It's respectable, though it's near impossible to peg it as Cabernet. END
START HERE Simple aromas may lack vibrancy but aren't offputting. And frankly speaking, it's nice to smell soft berry fruit and not much else (namely burnt or buttery oak). The palate, meanwhile, is plump, bright and full of clean but basic boysenberry fruit. Finishes thin but sturdy.", "Fruit-forward aromas of blueberry, orange peel and spice lead to medium-bodied fruit flavors. It's respectable, though it's near impossible to peg it as Cabernet.", 'Mostly a blend of Merlot (30%), Syrah (25%) and Cabernet Sauvignon (24%), this wine offers appealing, downright fruity aromas of red currant and raspberry jam. The lightly sweet cranberry and cherry flavors provide a lot of easy-drinking enjoyment. END
START HERE Fruit-forward aromas of blueberry, orange peel and spice lead to medium-bodied fruit flavors. It's respectable, though it's near impossible to peg it as Cabernet.", 'Mostly a blend of Merlot (30%), Syrah (25%) and Cabernet Sauvignon (24%), this wine offers appealing, downright fruity aromas of red currant and raspberry jam. The lightly sweet cranberry and cherry flavors provide a lot of easy-drinking enjoyment.', 'Chunky, wayward aromas are vague at best. This has no structural integrity, while waxy green-apple flavors come with bitterness and a flabby, oily finish. Barely passable. END
START HERE Mostly a blend of Merlot (30%), Syrah (25%) and Cabernet Sauvignon (24%), this wine offers appealing, downright fruity aromas of red currant and raspberry jam. The lightly sweet cranberry and cherry flavors provide a lot of easy-drinking enjoyment.', 'Chunky, wayward aromas are vague at best. This has no structural integrity, while waxy green-apple flavors come with bitterness and a flabby, oily finish. Barely passable.', 'Neutral aromas of apple and peach kick it off, then round citrus and a mild hint of pickled vegetable and apple carry the palate. This is a fleshy, basic Chardonnay with youthful bounce and a touch of additional pickle on the finish. Drink soon. END
START HERE Chunky, wayward aromas are vague at best. This has no structural integrity, while waxy green-apple flavors come with bitterness and a flabby, oily finish. Barely passable.', 'Neutral aromas of apple and peach kick it off, then round citrus and a mild hint of pickled vegetable and apple carry the palate. This is a fleshy, basic Chardonnay with youthful bounce and a touch of additional pickle on the finish. Drink soon.', "A simple, rugged wine with flavors of berries, chocolate, herbs and something vaguely oak-like. It's dry and full-bodied. END
START HERE Neutral aromas of apple and peach kick it off, then round citrus and a mild hint of pickled vegetable and apple carry the palate. This is a fleshy, basic Chardonnay with youthful bounce and a touch of additional pickle on the finish. Drink soon.', "A simple, rugged wine with flavors of berries, chocolate, herbs and something vaguely oak-like. It's dry and full-bodied.", 'Cabernet Sauvignon makes up two-thirds of this wine, with the balance Malbec and Syrah. Vibrant aromas of plum, spice and herb are followed by plush, lightly sweet, palate-coating fruit flavors backed by grainy tannins. It finishes sweet, delivering plenty of easy-drinking appeal. END
START HERE A simple, rugged wine with flavors of berries, chocolate, herbs and something vaguely oak-like. It's dry and full-bodied.", 'Cabernet Sauvignon makes up two-thirds of this wine, with the balance Malbec and Syrah. Vibrant aromas of plum, spice and herb are followed by plush, lightly sweet, palate-coating fruit flavors backed by grainy tannins. It finishes sweet, delivering plenty of easy-drinking appeal.', 'Ripe, fruity and tannic, this shows lusty flavors of cherry and raspberry jam that finish sweet and spicy. The blend is Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Zinfandel. END
START HERE Cabernet Sauvignon makes up two-thirds of this wine, with the balance Malbec and Syrah. Vibrant aromas of plum, spice and herb are followed by plush, lightly sweet, palate-coating fruit flavors backed by grainy tannins. It finishes sweet, delivering plenty of easy-drinking appeal.', 'Ripe, fruity and tannic, this shows lusty flavors of cherry and raspberry jam that finish sweet and spicy. The blend is Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Zinfandel.', 'This is a light-bodied and full-flavored wine with a good, gripping texture and plenty of ripe plum and black pepper aromas. A fruity and beefy flavor carries through the finish. END
START HERE Ripe, fruity and tannic, this shows lusty flavors of cherry and raspberry jam that finish sweet and spicy. The blend is Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Zinfandel.', 'This is a light-bodied and full-flavored wine with a good, gripping texture and plenty of ripe plum and black pepper aromas. A fruity and beefy flavor carries through the finish.', 'This attractive and medium-bodied wine smells a bit like ginger cookies. It tastes nicely dry, fruity and well structured with tannins and acidity. Nutmeg and ginger notes add extra interest to black cherry and pomegranate flavors. END
START HERE This is a light-bodied and full-flavored wine with a good, gripping texture and plenty of ripe plum and black pepper aromas. A fruity and beefy flavor carries through the finish.', 'This attractive and medium-bodied wine smells a bit like ginger cookies. It tastes nicely dry, fruity and well structured with tannins and acidity. Nutmeg and ginger notes add extra interest to black cherry and pomegranate flavors.', 'Strong wood aromas are more than compensated for by the ripe fruits and generous character of the wine. It is a solid effort, full of both fruit and rich texture. Drink from 2016. END
START HERE This attractive and medium-bodied wine smells a bit like ginger cookies. It tastes nicely dry, fruity and well structured with tannins and acidity. Nutmeg and ginger notes add extra interest to black cherry and pomegranate flavors.', 'Strong wood aromas are more than compensated for by the ripe fruits and generous character of the wine. It is a solid effort, full of both fruit and rich texture. Drink from 2016.', "The curve on this wine has been going up and up, and this '09 is their best yet. It's bone dry and savory in acids, with ultraclean citrus, mineral and white flower flavors. Just delicious as a cocktail sipper. END
START HERE Strong wood aromas are more than compensated for by the ripe fruits and generous character of the wine. It is a solid effort, full of both fruit and rich texture. Drink from 2016.', "The curve on this wine has been going up and up, and this '09 is their best yet. It's bone dry and savory in acids, with ultraclean citrus, mineral and white flower flavors. Just delicious as a cocktail sipper.", "I know Bordeaux isn't known for being fruit-driven, but this paucity of fruit in a wine that's 50% Merlot (from a vintage that favored this variety's development) is hard to fathom. Leather and old wood combine with earth and mushrooms. There's decent weight and intensity here, so if these are flavors you look for this is an example to seek out. END
START HERE The curve on this wine has been going up and up, and this '09 is their best yet. It's bone dry and savory in acids, with ultraclean citrus, mineral and white flower flavors. Just delicious as a cocktail sipper.", "I know Bordeaux isn't known for being fruit-driven, but this paucity of fruit in a wine that's 50% Merlot (from a vintage that favored this variety's development) is hard to fathom. Leather and old wood combine with earth and mushrooms. There's decent weight and intensity here, so if these are flavors you look for this is an example to seek out.", "Ruby dark in hue, this has a light fruity aroma of watermelon, strawberry and mint. It's easy drinking and dry. Its slow buildup of acidity lingers on the finish. END
START HERE I know Bordeaux isn't known for being fruit-driven, but this paucity of fruit in a wine that's 50% Merlot (from a vintage that favored this variety's development) is hard to fathom. Leather and old wood combine with earth and mushrooms. There's decent weight and intensity here, so if these are flavors you look for this is an example to seek out.", "Ruby dark in hue, this has a light fruity aroma of watermelon, strawberry and mint. It's easy drinking and dry. Its slow buildup of acidity lingers on the finish.", "It's all about simple, jammy cherry and blackberry, brown sugar and sweet oak flavors for this Zin. But it has a wonderful tannin-acid structure, making it a sophisticated barbecue wine. END
START HERE Ruby dark in hue, this has a light fruity aroma of watermelon, strawberry and mint. It's easy drinking and dry. Its slow buildup of acidity lingers on the finish.", "It's all about simple, jammy cherry and blackberry, brown sugar and sweet oak flavors for this Zin. But it has a wonderful tannin-acid structure, making it a sophisticated barbecue wine.", 'This is a toasty, black-currant-fruited wine. Its structural tannins give a dry character. A touch of green herb and a hard edge of toast indicate that the wine needs another year to soften. END
START HERE It's all about simple, jammy cherry and blackberry, brown sugar and sweet oak flavors for this Zin. But it has a wonderful tannin-acid structure, making it a sophisticated barbecue wine.", 'This is a toasty, black-currant-fruited wine. Its structural tannins give a dry character. A touch of green herb and a hard edge of toast indicate that the wine needs another year to soften.', 'Bright and lemony, this has tight acidity and layers of toasty caramel and vanilla. This will pair with a wide range of dinner options and would make for a worthy go-to midweek wine. END
START HERE This is a toasty, black-currant-fruited wine. Its structural tannins give a dry character. A touch of green herb and a hard edge of toast indicate that the wine needs another year to soften.', 'Bright and lemony, this has tight acidity and layers of toasty caramel and vanilla. This will pair with a wide range of dinner options and would make for a worthy go-to midweek wine.', 'Very dry, tannic and full-bodied, with somewhat underripe tobacco, pepper and herb flavors behind the blackberries. More like a minor Zinfandel than a Syrah. The toughness and grittiness need softening meats and cheeses for balance. END
START HERE Bright and lemony, this has tight acidity and layers of toasty caramel and vanilla. This will pair with a wide range of dinner options and would make for a worthy go-to midweek wine.', 'Very dry, tannic and full-bodied, with somewhat underripe tobacco, pepper and herb flavors behind the blackberries. More like a minor Zinfandel than a Syrah. The toughness and grittiness need softening meats and cheeses for balance.', "Bright, light oak shadings dress up this medium-bodied wine, complementing the red cherry and strawberry flavors. It's fresh, fruity and not very tannic—easy to drink and enjoy. END
START HERE Very dry, tannic and full-bodied, with somewhat underripe tobacco, pepper and herb flavors behind the blackberries. More like a minor Zinfandel than a Syrah. The toughness and grittiness need softening meats and cheeses for balance.', "Bright, light oak shadings dress up this medium-bodied wine, complementing the red cherry and strawberry flavors. It's fresh, fruity and not very tannic—easy to drink and enjoy.", "This medium-bodied wine has more earthy and floral flavors than straightforward fruit, so it's something a bit different. Well-priced and easy to drink, it can please a crowd. END
START HERE Bright, light oak shadings dress up this medium-bodied wine, complementing the red cherry and strawberry flavors. It's fresh, fruity and not very tannic—easy to drink and enjoy.", "This medium-bodied wine has more earthy and floral flavors than straightforward fruit, so it's something a bit different. Well-priced and easy to drink, it can please a crowd.", 'Nice enough on the nose, with spunky berry aromas mixed with modest spice and vanilla. The palate is angular yet fresh, with tight acidity producing bright but choppy cherry and plum flavors. Cleansing but scratchy on the finish. END
START HERE This medium-bodied wine has more earthy and floral flavors than straightforward fruit, so it's something a bit different. Well-priced and easy to drink, it can please a crowd.", 'Nice enough on the nose, with spunky berry aromas mixed with modest spice and vanilla. The palate is angular yet fresh, with tight acidity producing bright but choppy cherry and plum flavors. Cleansing but scratchy on the finish.', 'This is a solid and balanced wine, with lively aromas and flavors of red cherry, strawberry and banana. Light weight and easy drinking, the softly tannic structure transitions seamlessly into the clean, fruity finish. END
START HERE Nice enough on the nose, with spunky berry aromas mixed with modest spice and vanilla. The palate is angular yet fresh, with tight acidity producing bright but choppy cherry and plum flavors. Cleansing but scratchy on the finish.', 'This is a solid and balanced wine, with lively aromas and flavors of red cherry, strawberry and banana. Light weight and easy drinking, the softly tannic structure transitions seamlessly into the clean, fruity finish.', "White flowers, spun honey and graham cracker aromas introduce this wine that will be a hit with those who prefer a sweet touch to their bottles. The palate is very sweet, even treacly, with honeysuckle nectar, sugared apples and candied orange flavors. There's just enough acidity to somewhat balance the sugars. END
START HERE This is a solid and balanced wine, with lively aromas and flavors of red cherry, strawberry and banana. Light weight and easy drinking, the softly tannic structure transitions seamlessly into the clean, fruity finish.', "White flowers, spun honey and graham cracker aromas introduce this wine that will be a hit with those who prefer a sweet touch to their bottles. The palate is very sweet, even treacly, with honeysuckle nectar, sugared apples and candied orange flavors. There's just enough acidity to somewhat balance the sugars.", 'Light, appley aromas and lively apple and citrus flavors brighten this unoaky wine. It has refreshing acidity, an elegant texture and crisp finish. END
START HERE White flowers, spun honey and graham cracker aromas introduce this wine that will be a hit with those who prefer a sweet touch to their bottles. The palate is very sweet, even treacly, with honeysuckle nectar, sugared apples and candied orange flavors. There's just enough acidity to somewhat balance the sugars.", 'Light, appley aromas and lively apple and citrus flavors brighten this unoaky wine. It has refreshing acidity, an elegant texture and crisp finish.', "Light scents of lime, white melon rind, green gooseberry and fresh-cut grass dance on the nose of this dainty white, followed by flavors of underripe pear and tart currant on the light-weight palate. It's fresh and lively, finishing short but clean. Drink up. END
START HERE Light, appley aromas and lively apple and citrus flavors brighten this unoaky wine. It has refreshing acidity, an elegant texture and crisp finish.', "Light scents of lime, white melon rind, green gooseberry and fresh-cut grass dance on the nose of this dainty white, followed by flavors of underripe pear and tart currant on the light-weight palate. It's fresh and lively, finishing short but clean. Drink up.", 'Quite sweet and fruity, with honeyed, candied stone fruit flavors. The residual sugar is listed as 6%, which qualifies this as a late-harvest style, and it would fit nicely alongside a simple dessert of fresh peaches and butter cookies. END
START HERE Light scents of lime, white melon rind, green gooseberry and fresh-cut grass dance on the nose of this dainty white, followed by flavors of underripe pear and tart currant on the light-weight palate. It's fresh and lively, finishing short but clean. Drink up.", 'Quite sweet and fruity, with honeyed, candied stone fruit flavors. The residual sugar is listed as 6%, which qualifies this as a late-harvest style, and it would fit nicely alongside a simple dessert of fresh peaches and butter cookies.', 'Savory rather than simply fruity flavors are the strong point of this medium-bodied and well-balanced wine. It tastes almost like melon wrapped in prosciutto as meaty, earthy nuances blend with modest fruit accents. END
START HERE Quite sweet and fruity, with honeyed, candied stone fruit flavors. The residual sugar is listed as 6%, which qualifies this as a late-harvest style, and it would fit nicely alongside a simple dessert of fresh peaches and butter cookies.', 'Savory rather than simply fruity flavors are the strong point of this medium-bodied and well-balanced wine. It tastes almost like melon wrapped in prosciutto as meaty, earthy nuances blend with modest fruit accents.', 'A 100%-organic Chardonnay, stainless steel fermented and poured into a handy-dandy, also certified-organic AstraPouch (1.5 liter). This easy-to-bring-on-a-picnic wine is clean, balanced and simply drinkable with a note of sweet grapefruit and pineapple. END
START HERE Savory rather than simply fruity flavors are the strong point of this medium-bodied and well-balanced wine. It tastes almost like melon wrapped in prosciutto as meaty, earthy nuances blend with modest fruit accents.', 'A 100%-organic Chardonnay, stainless steel fermented and poured into a handy-dandy, also certified-organic AstraPouch (1.5 liter). This easy-to-bring-on-a-picnic wine is clean, balanced and simply drinkable with a note of sweet grapefruit and pineapple.', 'Apricot, peach pit and matchstick are the lead aromas on this basic Chardonnay. Flavors of melon and apricot are lightly oxidized and nutty, while the finish is salty and slightly bitter, with a dab of honey for an offset. END
START HERE A 100%-organic Chardonnay, stainless steel fermented and poured into a handy-dandy, also certified-organic AstraPouch (1.5 liter). This easy-to-bring-on-a-picnic wine is clean, balanced and simply drinkable with a note of sweet grapefruit and pineapple.', 'Apricot, peach pit and matchstick are the lead aromas on this basic Chardonnay. Flavors of melon and apricot are lightly oxidized and nutty, while the finish is salty and slightly bitter, with a dab of honey for an offset.', 'Drinkable with just about anything that calls for red wine, it has currant, licorice and oak flavors. END
START HERE Apricot, peach pit and matchstick are the lead aromas on this basic Chardonnay. Flavors of melon and apricot are lightly oxidized and nutty, while the finish is salty and slightly bitter, with a dab of honey for an offset.', 'Drinkable with just about anything that calls for red wine, it has currant, licorice and oak flavors.', 'This bargain-priced offering is simple, fruity and direct, marked by peach and pineapple notes and a silky texture. Drink now. END
START HERE Drinkable with just about anything that calls for red wine, it has currant, licorice and oak flavors.', 'This bargain-priced offering is simple, fruity and direct, marked by peach and pineapple notes and a silky texture. Drink now.', "There's not much pulp or grit here, but this easygoing (and well-priced) Chardonnay does offer distant aromas of stone fruit and honey. Citrus flavors and sharp acidity best describe the mouthfeel. END
START HERE This bargain-priced offering is simple, fruity and direct, marked by peach and pineapple notes and a silky texture. Drink now.', "There's not much pulp or grit here, but this easygoing (and well-priced) Chardonnay does offer distant aromas of stone fruit and honey. Citrus flavors and sharp acidity best describe the mouthfeel.", "A little reticent on the nose, but opens up generously in the mouth. It's off-dry (3% residual sugar), with a flavorful, round mix of citrus, tangerine and nectarine fruits. Full-bodied and lingering, it sails into a clean, tangy finish. END
START HERE There's not much pulp or grit here, but this easygoing (and well-priced) Chardonnay does offer distant aromas of stone fruit and honey. Citrus flavors and sharp acidity best describe the mouthfeel.", "A little reticent on the nose, but opens up generously in the mouth. It's off-dry (3% residual sugar), with a flavorful, round mix of citrus, tangerine and nectarine fruits. Full-bodied and lingering, it sails into a clean, tangy finish.", "This wine comes from a large 300-acre estate on the island's east coast. It has subtle raspberry fruit and plenty of acidity. With its crisp aftertaste, filled out with a touch of caramel, it's ready to drink. END
START HERE A little reticent on the nose, but opens up generously in the mouth. It's off-dry (3% residual sugar), with a flavorful, round mix of citrus, tangerine and nectarine fruits. Full-bodied and lingering, it sails into a clean, tangy finish.", "This wine comes from a large 300-acre estate on the island's east coast. It has subtle raspberry fruit and plenty of acidity. With its crisp aftertaste, filled out with a touch of caramel, it's ready to drink.", "Welcoming but basic cassis and berry aromas carrry a leathery accent and a hint of rubber. The palate is mildly creamy and comfortable, with cassis, cherry and plum flavors but little beyond that. A clean finish cements this well-made wine's value position. END
START HERE This wine comes from a large 300-acre estate on the island's east coast. It has subtle raspberry fruit and plenty of acidity. With its crisp aftertaste, filled out with a touch of caramel, it's ready to drink.", "Welcoming but basic cassis and berry aromas carrry a leathery accent and a hint of rubber. The palate is mildly creamy and comfortable, with cassis, cherry and plum flavors but little beyond that. A clean finish cements this well-made wine's value position.", 'This warm style of Sauvignon Blanc has apricot and citrus flavors. Packed with fruit and with refreshing acidity, it makes a fine apéritif. END
START HERE Welcoming but basic cassis and berry aromas carrry a leathery accent and a hint of rubber. The palate is mildly creamy and comfortable, with cassis, cherry and plum flavors but little beyond that. A clean finish cements this well-made wine's value position.", 'This warm style of Sauvignon Blanc has apricot and citrus flavors. Packed with fruit and with refreshing acidity, it makes a fine apéritif.', "This lightly herbal wine is crisp and has a tangy mineral character. It's tight, green and full of citrus fruits. The acidity is right up front, keeping the wine fresh and bright at the end. END
START HERE This warm style of Sauvignon Blanc has apricot and citrus flavors. Packed with fruit and with refreshing acidity, it makes a fine apéritif.', "This lightly herbal wine is crisp and has a tangy mineral character. It's tight, green and full of citrus fruits. The acidity is right up front, keeping the wine fresh and bright at the end.", "Simple, regular peach and pear aromas lead to a palate of sweet apple flavor and mild citric bite. This is the ultimate in basic Chilean Chardonnay: it's clean, a little dull and melony, and sweet. Drink soon. END
START HERE This lightly herbal wine is crisp and has a tangy mineral character. It's tight, green and full of citrus fruits. The acidity is right up front, keeping the wine fresh and bright at the end.", "Simple, regular peach and pear aromas lead to a palate of sweet apple flavor and mild citric bite. This is the ultimate in basic Chilean Chardonnay: it's clean, a little dull and melony, and sweet. Drink soon.", "Earthy and rubbery on the nose, and rather dark for a $10 Rioja. The palate is jammy and solid, with berry flavors, a hint of toast and heat. The finish is somewhat burning, but overall it's a legit blend of Tempranillo and Garnacha that fits the “value” mold. END
START HERE Simple, regular peach and pear aromas lead to a palate of sweet apple flavor and mild citric bite. This is the ultimate in basic Chilean Chardonnay: it's clean, a little dull and melony, and sweet. Drink soon.", "Earthy and rubbery on the nose, and rather dark for a $10 Rioja. The palate is jammy and solid, with berry flavors, a hint of toast and heat. The finish is somewhat burning, but overall it's a legit blend of Tempranillo and Garnacha that fits the “value” mold.", 'A hard coating of woodspice sits atop herbal plum and berry aromas. This feels tough and nearly impermeable. Spicy, briary plum flavors are lean and taste woody on a dry, tannic finish. END
START HERE Earthy and rubbery on the nose, and rather dark for a $10 Rioja. The palate is jammy and solid, with berry flavors, a hint of toast and heat. The finish is somewhat burning, but overall it's a legit blend of Tempranillo and Garnacha that fits the “value” mold.", 'A hard coating of woodspice sits atop herbal plum and berry aromas. This feels tough and nearly impermeable. Spicy, briary plum flavors are lean and taste woody on a dry, tannic finish.', 'This Mediterranean blend of Syrah and Grenache is soft and open. It has the lightest touch of tannin, adding texture to its blackberry fruit and crisp acidity. It finishes with an attractive perfumed character. END
START HERE A hard coating of woodspice sits atop herbal plum and berry aromas. This feels tough and nearly impermeable. Spicy, briary plum flavors are lean and taste woody on a dry, tannic finish.', 'This Mediterranean blend of Syrah and Grenache is soft and open. It has the lightest touch of tannin, adding texture to its blackberry fruit and crisp acidity. It finishes with an attractive perfumed character.', "Gritty and dry, this rustic blend of Zin, Syrah and Cabernet has earthy flavors of cherries and spices. It's a fine everyday red to drink with everything from pasta or cold cuts to pizza and burgers. END
START HERE This Mediterranean blend of Syrah and Grenache is soft and open. It has the lightest touch of tannin, adding texture to its blackberry fruit and crisp acidity. It finishes with an attractive perfumed character.', "Gritty and dry, this rustic blend of Zin, Syrah and Cabernet has earthy flavors of cherries and spices. It's a fine everyday red to drink with everything from pasta or cold cuts to pizza and burgers.", "A little sharp in acidity, and the white pepper spice adds to the impression of zippiness in this bone-dry Zin. It's deep and likeable in raspberry, cherry, blackberry and sandalwood flavors. END
START HERE Gritty and dry, this rustic blend of Zin, Syrah and Cabernet has earthy flavors of cherries and spices. It's a fine everyday red to drink with everything from pasta or cold cuts to pizza and burgers.", "A little sharp in acidity, and the white pepper spice adds to the impression of zippiness in this bone-dry Zin. It's deep and likeable in raspberry, cherry, blackberry and sandalwood flavors.", 'Lightly herbal and scratchy on the nose, this somewhat sharp Merlot is linear and piercing, with bright, semitart flavors of raspberry, cherry pie and herbs. END
START HERE A little sharp in acidity, and the white pepper spice adds to the impression of zippiness in this bone-dry Zin. It's deep and likeable in raspberry, cherry, blackberry and sandalwood flavors.", 'Lightly herbal and scratchy on the nose, this somewhat sharp Merlot is linear and piercing, with bright, semitart flavors of raspberry, cherry pie and herbs.', 'Basically a clean, light, simple white with a flat/soft body and pithy, dry flavors of citrus and melon rind. Shows some bitterness on the finish along with a flash of white heat. Decent at best. Drink right away. END
START HERE Lightly herbal and scratchy on the nose, this somewhat sharp Merlot is linear and piercing, with bright, semitart flavors of raspberry, cherry pie and herbs.', 'Basically a clean, light, simple white with a flat/soft body and pithy, dry flavors of citrus and melon rind. Shows some bitterness on the finish along with a flash of white heat. Decent at best. Drink right away.', "Sweet berry and cherry aromas are fruity and a little heavy, while the palate is solid in feel and features flavors of sweet plum and berry fruit. Chewy on the finish, with good mouthfeel. Exactly what you'd want from a wine in this price range. END
START HERE Basically a clean, light, simple white with a flat/soft body and pithy, dry flavors of citrus and melon rind. Shows some bitterness on the finish along with a flash of white heat. Decent at best. Drink right away.', "Sweet berry and cherry aromas are fruity and a little heavy, while the palate is solid in feel and features flavors of sweet plum and berry fruit. Chewy on the finish, with good mouthfeel. Exactly what you'd want from a wine in this price range.", "Gen Yers and Baby Boomers will remember when Rosemount's ubiquitous Diamond Label wines represented great value. This Cab offers slightly confected cherry fruit, a whisper of mint and hints of vanilla. It's round in the mouth without being heavy, a fresh fruity wine for immediate gratification. END
START HERE Sweet berry and cherry aromas are fruity and a little heavy, while the palate is solid in feel and features flavors of sweet plum and berry fruit. Chewy on the finish, with good mouthfeel. Exactly what you'd want from a wine in this price range.", "Gen Yers and Baby Boomers will remember when Rosemount's ubiquitous Diamond Label wines represented great value. This Cab offers slightly confected cherry fruit, a whisper of mint and hints of vanilla. It's round in the mouth without being heavy, a fresh fruity wine for immediate gratification.", 'A widely available offering from Concannon, this Cab is rich in jammy cherry and vanilla, with a backbone of oak, a nice choice for midweek dinners of rib roast and steak. END
START HERE Gen Yers and Baby Boomers will remember when Rosemount's ubiquitous Diamond Label wines represented great value. This Cab offers slightly confected cherry fruit, a whisper of mint and hints of vanilla. It's round in the mouth without being heavy, a fresh fruity wine for immediate gratification.", 'A widely available offering from Concannon, this Cab is rich in jammy cherry and vanilla, with a backbone of oak, a nice choice for midweek dinners of rib roast and steak.', 'A strong pineapple and mango imprint persists throughout this Chardonnay, along with bright acidity and a floral finish. END
START HERE A widely available offering from Concannon, this Cab is rich in jammy cherry and vanilla, with a backbone of oak, a nice choice for midweek dinners of rib roast and steak.', 'A strong pineapple and mango imprint persists throughout this Chardonnay, along with bright acidity and a floral finish.', "Like most Casillero varietals, this Merlot offers good concentration and a mix of berry fruit and light herbal aromas. The palate is lively, with good acidity and zesty red plum and pie cherry flavors. It's a little tangy throughout but on the plus side it's not overdone or heavy. END
START HERE A strong pineapple and mango imprint persists throughout this Chardonnay, along with bright acidity and a floral finish.', "Like most Casillero varietals, this Merlot offers good concentration and a mix of berry fruit and light herbal aromas. The palate is lively, with good acidity and zesty red plum and pie cherry flavors. It's a little tangy throughout but on the plus side it's not overdone or heavy.", "Pale salmon rosé, with peach and melon aromas. It's dry and minerally on the palate, with mouthwatering acids that linger on the finish. END
START HERE Like most Casillero varietals, this Merlot offers good concentration and a mix of berry fruit and light herbal aromas. The palate is lively, with good acidity and zesty red plum and pie cherry flavors. It's a little tangy throughout but on the plus side it's not overdone or heavy.", "Pale salmon rosé, with peach and melon aromas. It's dry and minerally on the palate, with mouthwatering acids that linger on the finish.", 'A good, robust and likeable blend. With firm tannins, it has a dry elegance, with easy blackberry, black currant, cocoa, pepper and cedar flavors. END
START HERE Pale salmon rosé, with peach and melon aromas. It's dry and minerally on the palate, with mouthwatering acids that linger on the finish.", 'A good, robust and likeable blend. With firm tannins, it has a dry elegance, with easy blackberry, black currant, cocoa, pepper and cedar flavors.', 'With sweet oak, buttered toast, vanilla, pineapple and mango flavors, this is an easy Chardonnay to drink now. The price is good for a Chard this rich and creamy. END
START HERE A good, robust and likeable blend. With firm tannins, it has a dry elegance, with easy blackberry, black currant, cocoa, pepper and cedar flavors.', 'With sweet oak, buttered toast, vanilla, pineapple and mango flavors, this is an easy Chardonnay to drink now. The price is good for a Chard this rich and creamy.', 'Pretty harsh, with unripe, green tannins and tart pepper and blackberry flavors. The price is pretty good, at least. END
START HERE With sweet oak, buttered toast, vanilla, pineapple and mango flavors, this is an easy Chardonnay to drink now. The price is good for a Chard this rich and creamy.', 'Pretty harsh, with unripe, green tannins and tart pepper and blackberry flavors. The price is pretty good, at least.', "Light, tart, slightly green fruit flavors don't add up to much. There is an undertone of old barrel or something not quite fresh. Simple and plain. END
START HERE Pretty harsh, with unripe, green tannins and tart pepper and blackberry flavors. The price is pretty good, at least.', "Light, tart, slightly green fruit flavors don't add up to much. There is an undertone of old barrel or something not quite fresh. Simple and plain.", 'Starts with young, bouncy, foxy aromas and then settles on berry fruit and bacon fat. The palate is somewhat rooty and sweet, with solid tannins, body and respectable cassis and berry flavors. A sweet wine with adequate richness and reasonably true Cabernet qualities. END
START HERE Light, tart, slightly green fruit flavors don't add up to much. There is an undertone of old barrel or something not quite fresh. Simple and plain.", 'Starts with young, bouncy, foxy aromas and then settles on berry fruit and bacon fat. The palate is somewhat rooty and sweet, with solid tannins, body and respectable cassis and berry flavors. A sweet wine with adequate richness and reasonably true Cabernet qualities.', "Drink this Merlot with burgers at a party. It's dry and tannic, with some satisfying black currant, licorice and green tea flavors. END
START HERE Starts with young, bouncy, foxy aromas and then settles on berry fruit and bacon fat. The palate is somewhat rooty and sweet, with solid tannins, body and respectable cassis and berry flavors. A sweet wine with adequate richness and reasonably true Cabernet qualities.', "Drink this Merlot with burgers at a party. It's dry and tannic, with some satisfying black currant, licorice and green tea flavors.", "Pear and apple aromas open this unoaked Chardonnay. In the mouth, there's not a lot going on except for acidity, and the flavors are mostly neutral save for some tropical fruit. A lively feeling finish closes out what amounts to a fresh but basic wine. END
START HERE Drink this Merlot with burgers at a party. It's dry and tannic, with some satisfying black currant, licorice and green tea flavors.", "Pear and apple aromas open this unoaked Chardonnay. In the mouth, there's not a lot going on except for acidity, and the flavors are mostly neutral save for some tropical fruit. A lively feeling finish closes out what amounts to a fresh but basic wine.", 'Sharp scents of clove, cherry syrup and tobacco lead into a rough, tart and tannic wine with no particular varietal character. END
START HERE Pear and apple aromas open this unoaked Chardonnay. In the mouth, there's not a lot going on except for acidity, and the flavors are mostly neutral save for some tropical fruit. A lively feeling finish closes out what amounts to a fresh but basic wine.", 'Sharp scents of clove, cherry syrup and tobacco lead into a rough, tart and tannic wine with no particular varietal character.', 'Sweet in jammy apricots and oranges, it has a creamy mouthfeel and a good burst of acidity for balance. END
START HERE Sharp scents of clove, cherry syrup and tobacco lead into a rough, tart and tannic wine with no particular varietal character.', 'Sweet in jammy apricots and oranges, it has a creamy mouthfeel and a good burst of acidity for balance.', 'Producer of one of the first rosé Vinho Verde, Casa do Valle continues to make one of the best. Full of delicious strawberry flavors with great acidity, deliciously fruity. END
START HERE Sweet in jammy apricots and oranges, it has a creamy mouthfeel and a good burst of acidity for balance.', 'Producer of one of the first rosé Vinho Verde, Casa do Valle continues to make one of the best. Full of delicious strawberry flavors with great acidity, deliciously fruity.', 'Pure Touriga Nacional, this is a crisp and fruity wine. Its red currants and light tannic structure give it shape and bring out the fruitiness that makes it immediately attractive. Ready to drink now. END
START HERE Producer of one of the first rosé Vinho Verde, Casa do Valle continues to make one of the best. Full of delicious strawberry flavors with great acidity, deliciously fruity.', 'Pure Touriga Nacional, this is a crisp and fruity wine. Its red currants and light tannic structure give it shape and bring out the fruitiness that makes it immediately attractive. Ready to drink now.', "This spicy, fruity wine, which includes the rare spicy Egiodola grape, is crisp with acidity and red currant fruit. With its touch of caramel, it's ready to drink. END
START HERE Pure Touriga Nacional, this is a crisp and fruity wine. Its red currants and light tannic structure give it shape and bring out the fruitiness that makes it immediately attractive. Ready to drink now.', "This spicy, fruity wine, which includes the rare spicy Egiodola grape, is crisp with acidity and red currant fruit. With its touch of caramel, it's ready to drink.", 'Although a bit stalky and weak on the nose, this offers reasonably fresh red-berry aromas in front of a fair, slightly jammy palate. Herbal red-berry and plum flavors show a hint of chocolate on the finish. END
START HERE This spicy, fruity wine, which includes the rare spicy Egiodola grape, is crisp with acidity and red currant fruit. With its touch of caramel, it's ready to drink.", 'Although a bit stalky and weak on the nose, this offers reasonably fresh red-berry aromas in front of a fair, slightly jammy palate. Herbal red-berry and plum flavors show a hint of chocolate on the finish.', 'A fine wine, brisk in acidity and clean in the finish, with slightly sweet flavors of oranges, pears, peaches and honey. A nice cocktail sipper, or with Asian fare. END
START HERE Although a bit stalky and weak on the nose, this offers reasonably fresh red-berry aromas in front of a fair, slightly jammy palate. Herbal red-berry and plum flavors show a hint of chocolate on the finish.', 'A fine wine, brisk in acidity and clean in the finish, with slightly sweet flavors of oranges, pears, peaches and honey. A nice cocktail sipper, or with Asian fare.', 'Tire rubber, currant and spice aromas are followed by pleasing, plentiful dark-fruit flavors. The tannins bring some grit. END
START HERE A fine wine, brisk in acidity and clean in the finish, with slightly sweet flavors of oranges, pears, peaches and honey. A nice cocktail sipper, or with Asian fare.', 'Tire rubber, currant and spice aromas are followed by pleasing, plentiful dark-fruit flavors. The tannins bring some grit.', 'Aromas of standard berry fruit have a cheesy accent, while the palate is on the flat side in terms of feel and flavors. With respect to flavor, expect mildly herbal berry tastes and cherry tomato. Snappy on the finish but stretched thin. END
START HERE Tire rubber, currant and spice aromas are followed by pleasing, plentiful dark-fruit flavors. The tannins bring some grit.', 'Aromas of standard berry fruit have a cheesy accent, while the palate is on the flat side in terms of feel and flavors. With respect to flavor, expect mildly herbal berry tastes and cherry tomato. Snappy on the finish but stretched thin.', "Aromas of spiced tomato, clove and rubber gloves don't click or suggest much quality. A cloying, sugary palate with mucky berry flavors is less than stellar, as is a sticky finish that tastes like strawberry jam. END
START HERE Aromas of standard berry fruit have a cheesy accent, while the palate is on the flat side in terms of feel and flavors. With respect to flavor, expect mildly herbal berry tastes and cherry tomato. Snappy on the finish but stretched thin.', "Aromas of spiced tomato, clove and rubber gloves don't click or suggest much quality. A cloying, sugary palate with mucky berry flavors is less than stellar, as is a sticky finish that tastes like strawberry jam.", 'Almost volatile, but with reduced raisin below. If you are familiar with   hot-climate California Zinfandel, this is not unlike that. It has a vinegary attack and then a strange but limited sweetness lurking in the weeds. A   challenged wine. END
START HERE Aromas of spiced tomato, clove and rubber gloves don't click or suggest much quality. A cloying, sugary palate with mucky berry flavors is less than stellar, as is a sticky finish that tastes like strawberry jam.", 'Almost volatile, but with reduced raisin below. If you are familiar with   hot-climate California Zinfandel, this is not unlike that. It has a vinegary attack and then a strange but limited sweetness lurking in the weeds. A   challenged wine.', "This Sicilian Syrah shows ripe fruit aromas of red cherry, blueberry and succulent spice. It's a plush, chewy wine with mature flavors of blackberry jam. END
START HERE Almost volatile, but with reduced raisin below. If you are familiar with   hot-climate California Zinfandel, this is not unlike that. It has a vinegary attack and then a strange but limited sweetness lurking in the weeds. A   challenged wine.', "This Sicilian Syrah shows ripe fruit aromas of red cherry, blueberry and succulent spice. It's a plush, chewy wine with mature flavors of blackberry jam.", 'An  everyday Chard, with superripe pear and apricot flavors and a thick coat of smoky oak. END
START HERE This Sicilian Syrah shows ripe fruit aromas of red cherry, blueberry and succulent spice. It's a plush, chewy wine with mature flavors of blackberry jam.", 'An  everyday Chard, with superripe pear and apricot flavors and a thick coat of smoky oak.', 'Merlot is a variety that receives little respect—or accolades—in Australia, but this one is a cut above the rest. The complex nose is classic Chinese tea and herbs with some Shiraz-like tar notes that lead into plum and raspberry flavors in the mouth. Finishes a bit short but with a nice, coconut-infused acidic lift. END
START HERE An  everyday Chard, with superripe pear and apricot flavors and a thick coat of smoky oak.', 'Merlot is a variety that receives little respect—or accolades—in Australia, but this one is a cut above the rest. The complex nose is classic Chinese tea and herbs with some Shiraz-like tar notes that lead into plum and raspberry flavors in the mouth. Finishes a bit short but with a nice, coconut-infused acidic lift.', "An awkward Chard that tastes unnaturally oaky, with medicinal flavors of toasted, sweet vanilla bean. You'll find hints of pineapples and papayas, but that oaky thing is really strong. END
START HERE Merlot is a variety that receives little respect—or accolades—in Australia, but this one is a cut above the rest. The complex nose is classic Chinese tea and herbs with some Shiraz-like tar notes that lead into plum and raspberry flavors in the mouth. Finishes a bit short but with a nice, coconut-infused acidic lift.', "An awkward Chard that tastes unnaturally oaky, with medicinal flavors of toasted, sweet vanilla bean. You'll find hints of pineapples and papayas, but that oaky thing is really strong.", 'Respectable red fruit aromas carry a slight pickled sharpness and the scent of a matchstick, while the palate is lactic and creamy, with strawberry, raspberry, plum and herbal notes. Plump and reasonably well balanced, with an herbal finish. END
START HERE An awkward Chard that tastes unnaturally oaky, with medicinal flavors of toasted, sweet vanilla bean. You'll find hints of pineapples and papayas, but that oaky thing is really strong.", 'Respectable red fruit aromas carry a slight pickled sharpness and the scent of a matchstick, while the palate is lactic and creamy, with strawberry, raspberry, plum and herbal notes. Plump and reasonably well balanced, with an herbal finish.', "Tough cherry and plum aromas lead it off, followed by simple, semitart raspberry flavors. There's not much depth or complexity; the palate bounces along inoffensively, and the finish is quick and light. Clean and basic wine. END
START HERE Respectable red fruit aromas carry a slight pickled sharpness and the scent of a matchstick, while the palate is lactic and creamy, with strawberry, raspberry, plum and herbal notes. Plump and reasonably well balanced, with an herbal finish.', "Tough cherry and plum aromas lead it off, followed by simple, semitart raspberry flavors. There's not much depth or complexity; the palate bounces along inoffensively, and the finish is quick and light. Clean and basic wine.", "Here's an easy-going Salice Salentino (90% Negroamaro and 10% Malvasia Nera) with spice, cherry and cola notes that are weaved nicely together. There's harmony and elegance here and the wine leaves a spicy imprint on the close. END
START HERE Tough cherry and plum aromas lead it off, followed by simple, semitart raspberry flavors. There's not much depth or complexity; the palate bounces along inoffensively, and the finish is quick and light. Clean and basic wine.", "Here's an easy-going Salice Salentino (90% Negroamaro and 10% Malvasia Nera) with spice, cherry and cola notes that are weaved nicely together. There's harmony and elegance here and the wine leaves a spicy imprint on the close.", 'Crisp and brisk on the palate, with hints of grapefruit, melon and fig accented by herbal, leafy notes. The flavors fade quickly on the finish, but the wine makes for a pleasant apéritif. END
START HERE Here's an easy-going Salice Salentino (90% Negroamaro and 10% Malvasia Nera) with spice, cherry and cola notes that are weaved nicely together. There's harmony and elegance here and the wine leaves a spicy imprint on the close.", 'Crisp and brisk on the palate, with hints of grapefruit, melon and fig accented by herbal, leafy notes. The flavors fade quickly on the finish, but the wine makes for a pleasant apéritif.', 'This is a bright and lively selection, with inviting aromas and flavors of Anjou pear, green apple and orange that finish fresh and clean. Drink now. END
START HERE Crisp and brisk on the palate, with hints of grapefruit, melon and fig accented by herbal, leafy notes. The flavors fade quickly on the finish, but the wine makes for a pleasant apéritif.', 'This is a bright and lively selection, with inviting aromas and flavors of Anjou pear, green apple and orange that finish fresh and clean. Drink now.', 'Dark like a cave in color, this big red blend consists of Zinfandel, Malbec, Petit Verdot and Merlot, all sourced from vineyards in Lodi and Clarksburg. Oaky and tannic, not overdone alcohol-wise, the cherry flavors are just right for the backyard barbecue or other casual meat-eating gathering. END
START HERE This is a bright and lively selection, with inviting aromas and flavors of Anjou pear, green apple and orange that finish fresh and clean. Drink now.', 'Dark like a cave in color, this big red blend consists of Zinfandel, Malbec, Petit Verdot and Merlot, all sourced from vineyards in Lodi and Clarksburg. Oaky and tannic, not overdone alcohol-wise, the cherry flavors are just right for the backyard barbecue or other casual meat-eating gathering.', "This is a medium-bodied, crisp and tangy wine with fresh parsley aromas and lemon and Granny Smith apple flavors. It's well balanced, restrained and will be very versatile with food. END
START HERE Dark like a cave in color, this big red blend consists of Zinfandel, Malbec, Petit Verdot and Merlot, all sourced from vineyards in Lodi and Clarksburg. Oaky and tannic, not overdone alcohol-wise, the cherry flavors are just right for the backyard barbecue or other casual meat-eating gathering.', "This is a medium-bodied, crisp and tangy wine with fresh parsley aromas and lemon and Granny Smith apple flavors. It's well balanced, restrained and will be very versatile with food.", "Fresh grass, green plum and lime rind notes characterize this easygoing white. There's a lifting prickly sensation to the palate followed by a short but cleansing finish. END
START HERE This is a medium-bodied, crisp and tangy wine with fresh parsley aromas and lemon and Granny Smith apple flavors. It's well balanced, restrained and will be very versatile with food.", "Fresh grass, green plum and lime rind notes characterize this easygoing white. There's a lifting prickly sensation to the palate followed by a short but cleansing finish.", 'This 50-50 Merlot-Cab Franc blend is priced irresistibly low. Aromas include red cherry fruit, chocolate and spice that give it a modern edge. It has plenty of dimension and some oak nuances in the mouth. END
START HERE Fresh grass, green plum and lime rind notes characterize this easygoing white. There's a lifting prickly sensation to the palate followed by a short but cleansing finish.", 'This 50-50 Merlot-Cab Franc blend is priced irresistibly low. Aromas include red cherry fruit, chocolate and spice that give it a modern edge. It has plenty of dimension and some oak nuances in the mouth.', "As prices for Argentinean Malbecs climb, this is a really good value. It's earthy and full, and slightly rustic on the nose. Feels ripe and rugged, with scratchy tannins supporting red berry and oak-based vanilla notes. Feels fresh and good for a large-production Malbec. END
START HERE This 50-50 Merlot-Cab Franc blend is priced irresistibly low. Aromas include red cherry fruit, chocolate and spice that give it a modern edge. It has plenty of dimension and some oak nuances in the mouth.', "As prices for Argentinean Malbecs climb, this is a really good value. It's earthy and full, and slightly rustic on the nose. Feels ripe and rugged, with scratchy tannins supporting red berry and oak-based vanilla notes. Feels fresh and good for a large-production Malbec.", 'A soft, simple, fruity Merlot. Tastes like a cherry, blackberry, roasted almond, cocoa and cinnamon granola bar, melted into wine. END
START HERE As prices for Argentinean Malbecs climb, this is a really good value. It's earthy and full, and slightly rustic on the nose. Feels ripe and rugged, with scratchy tannins supporting red berry and oak-based vanilla notes. Feels fresh and good for a large-production Malbec.", 'A soft, simple, fruity Merlot. Tastes like a cherry, blackberry, roasted almond, cocoa and cinnamon granola bar, melted into wine.', 'Mildly snappy nettle, passion fruit and tangerine aromas are a nice entry to this spunky but basic SB. Lime and tarragon flavors quickly fall off on a light finish. END
START HERE A soft, simple, fruity Merlot. Tastes like a cherry, blackberry, roasted almond, cocoa and cinnamon granola bar, melted into wine.', 'Mildly snappy nettle, passion fruit and tangerine aromas are a nice entry to this spunky but basic SB. Lime and tarragon flavors quickly fall off on a light finish.', "Crisp acidity and laser-pure fruit immediately characterize this as a Central Coast Chardonnay. It's not a blockbuster, but with zesty pineapple, apricot and peach flavors, it's a great buy at this price. END
START HERE Mildly snappy nettle, passion fruit and tangerine aromas are a nice entry to this spunky but basic SB. Lime and tarragon flavors quickly fall off on a light finish.', "Crisp acidity and laser-pure fruit immediately characterize this as a Central Coast Chardonnay. It's not a blockbuster, but with zesty pineapple, apricot and peach flavors, it's a great buy at this price.", "Spice, cherry and chewy blueberry characterize this youthful Syrah from Sicily. This is a generous and proud value wine that delivers aromas of white pepper, plum, dark fruit and hickory smoke. It offers an easy, pleasurable drinking experience that won't hit your wallet. END
START HERE Crisp acidity and laser-pure fruit immediately characterize this as a Central Coast Chardonnay. It's not a blockbuster, but with zesty pineapple, apricot and peach flavors, it's a great buy at this price.", "Spice, cherry and chewy blueberry characterize this youthful Syrah from Sicily. This is a generous and proud value wine that delivers aromas of white pepper, plum, dark fruit and hickory smoke. It offers an easy, pleasurable drinking experience that won't hit your wallet.", "Great price for a Chardonnay that tastes like it costs a lot more. Although it's unoaked, it's very rich in passionfruit, pineapple, peach and vanilla cream flavors, with a honeyed finish. Easy to find, with 5,000 cases produced. END
START HERE Spice, cherry and chewy blueberry characterize this youthful Syrah from Sicily. This is a generous and proud value wine that delivers aromas of white pepper, plum, dark fruit and hickory smoke. It offers an easy, pleasurable drinking experience that won't hit your wallet.", "Great price for a Chardonnay that tastes like it costs a lot more. Although it's unoaked, it's very rich in passionfruit, pineapple, peach and vanilla cream flavors, with a honeyed finish. Easy to find, with 5,000 cases produced.", 'Nicely done and not the least bit difficult or complicated. The nose is full of bold black fruit and balsam wood, while the palate is full and stocky, but balanced. Flavors of berry and cherry are forward and sticky rich, while the finish is long and shows just enough acidity to keep things focused. END
START HERE Great price for a Chardonnay that tastes like it costs a lot more. Although it's unoaked, it's very rich in passionfruit, pineapple, peach and vanilla cream flavors, with a honeyed finish. Easy to find, with 5,000 cases produced.", 'Nicely done and not the least bit difficult or complicated. The nose is full of bold black fruit and balsam wood, while the palate is full and stocky, but balanced. Flavors of berry and cherry are forward and sticky rich, while the finish is long and shows just enough acidity to keep things focused.', "A touch stemmy and cooked smelling, with Cafayate's patented herbal notes. The palate has a regular feel and briary, herbal flavors of pepper, tobacco and red berry fruit. Spicy and warm on the finish, but good in a competent way. END
START HERE Nicely done and not the least bit difficult or complicated. The nose is full of bold black fruit and balsam wood, while the palate is full and stocky, but balanced. Flavors of berry and cherry are forward and sticky rich, while the finish is long and shows just enough acidity to keep things focused.', "A touch stemmy and cooked smelling, with Cafayate's patented herbal notes. The palate has a regular feel and briary, herbal flavors of pepper, tobacco and red berry fruit. Spicy and warm on the finish, but good in a competent way.", 'Powdery bath-soap aromas are odd on the nose. The mealy palate boasts flavors of bitter melon and papaya. END
START HERE A touch stemmy and cooked smelling, with Cafayate's patented herbal notes. The palate has a regular feel and briary, herbal flavors of pepper, tobacco and red berry fruit. Spicy and warm on the finish, but good in a competent way.", 'Powdery bath-soap aromas are odd on the nose. The mealy palate boasts flavors of bitter melon and papaya.', "A nicely done wine, especially at the price. It's very pretty aromatically, boasting pear and vanilla notes, full in the mouth and lemony with minerality. “Jam” of Jam's Blend is a commingling of the names of the two Tortoise Creek founders, Janie and Mel Master, who source the grapes for this wine out of a Lodi Rules vineyard. END
START HERE Powdery bath-soap aromas are odd on the nose. The mealy palate boasts flavors of bitter melon and papaya.', "A nicely done wine, especially at the price. It's very pretty aromatically, boasting pear and vanilla notes, full in the mouth and lemony with minerality. “Jam” of Jam's Blend is a commingling of the names of the two Tortoise Creek founders, Janie and Mel Master, who source the grapes for this wine out of a Lodi Rules vineyard.", 'This is a fresh wine that has been aged in tanks, retaining its bright red fruits and lively acidity. It is still young although it will develop quickly to give a soft fruit-driven wine. END
START HERE A nicely done wine, especially at the price. It's very pretty aromatically, boasting pear and vanilla notes, full in the mouth and lemony with minerality. “Jam” of Jam's Blend is a commingling of the names of the two Tortoise Creek founders, Janie and Mel Master, who source the grapes for this wine out of a Lodi Rules vineyard.", 'This is a fresh wine that has been aged in tanks, retaining its bright red fruits and lively acidity. It is still young although it will develop quickly to give a soft fruit-driven wine.', 'Mild raspberry and oak aromas make for a timid bouquet. The palate feels edgy and acidic, with herbal, oaky flavors of bramble and red fruit. It tastes resiny on the finish, with high acidity that creates an impression of sharpness. END
START HERE This is a fresh wine that has been aged in tanks, retaining its bright red fruits and lively acidity. It is still young although it will develop quickly to give a soft fruit-driven wine.', 'Mild raspberry and oak aromas make for a timid bouquet. The palate feels edgy and acidic, with herbal, oaky flavors of bramble and red fruit. It tastes resiny on the finish, with high acidity that creates an impression of sharpness.', 'This smells bland but clean, with a hint of citrus. It feels spritzy but simple, with papaya, green melon and mild citrus flavors. Good in a very basic way, but drink now before it fades. END
START HERE Mild raspberry and oak aromas make for a timid bouquet. The palate feels edgy and acidic, with herbal, oaky flavors of bramble and red fruit. It tastes resiny on the finish, with high acidity that creates an impression of sharpness.', 'This smells bland but clean, with a hint of citrus. It feels spritzy but simple, with papaya, green melon and mild citrus flavors. Good in a very basic way, but drink now before it fades.', 'With its new wood and mint flavors, this is a smooth, polished wine, full of delicious ripe black fruit flavors and acidity. The wine is elegant, the wood already well integrated into the fruit. Age for 3–4 years. END
START HERE This smells bland but clean, with a hint of citrus. It feels spritzy but simple, with papaya, green melon and mild citrus flavors. Good in a very basic way, but drink now before it fades.', 'With its new wood and mint flavors, this is a smooth, polished wine, full of delicious ripe black fruit flavors and acidity. The wine is elegant, the wood already well integrated into the fruit. Age for 3–4 years.', 'Initial medicinal notes of cherry cough syrup partner with scents of cherry Jolly Rancher and red rope licorice. The smooth, slick palate feels overdone, offering more of those sweet red-fruit flavors, but it finishes fast. END
START HERE With its new wood and mint flavors, this is a smooth, polished wine, full of delicious ripe black fruit flavors and acidity. The wine is elegant, the wood already well integrated into the fruit. Age for 3–4 years.', 'Initial medicinal notes of cherry cough syrup partner with scents of cherry Jolly Rancher and red rope licorice. The smooth, slick palate feels overdone, offering more of those sweet red-fruit flavors, but it finishes fast.', 'Pear, butter and spice aromas lead to tingly, broad-feeling flavors that are straight down the fairway. END
START HERE Initial medicinal notes of cherry cough syrup partner with scents of cherry Jolly Rancher and red rope licorice. The smooth, slick palate feels overdone, offering more of those sweet red-fruit flavors, but it finishes fast.', 'Pear, butter and spice aromas lead to tingly, broad-feeling flavors that are straight down the fairway.', "Ripe aromas of black plum, cherry and boysenberry are at the forefront of this richly fruited wine. The wine's lushness is complemented by hints of pepper and baking spice, as well as medium tannins that lend a subtle structure to the palate. END
START HERE Pear, butter and spice aromas lead to tingly, broad-feeling flavors that are straight down the fairway.', "Ripe aromas of black plum, cherry and boysenberry are at the forefront of this richly fruited wine. The wine's lushness is complemented by hints of pepper and baking spice, as well as medium tannins that lend a subtle structure to the palate.", 'The wine has bitterness from the intense acidity and herbal character. That shows its youth and this intensity will calm down as the ripe fruit softens. It will be a perfumed wine with a softer texture from spring 2018. END
START HERE Ripe aromas of black plum, cherry and boysenberry are at the forefront of this richly fruited wine. The wine's lushness is complemented by hints of pepper and baking spice, as well as medium tannins that lend a subtle structure to the palate.", 'The wine has bitterness from the intense acidity and herbal character. That shows its youth and this intensity will calm down as the ripe fruit softens. It will be a perfumed wine with a softer texture from spring 2018.', 'This wine is made to be drunk young when it is still in the first flush of its fruitiness. Black plum and blackberry flavors are fleshed out with soft tannins. The aftertaste is fresh with bright acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE The wine has bitterness from the intense acidity and herbal character. That shows its youth and this intensity will calm down as the ripe fruit softens. It will be a perfumed wine with a softer texture from spring 2018.', 'This wine is made to be drunk young when it is still in the first flush of its fruitiness. Black plum and blackberry flavors are fleshed out with soft tannins. The aftertaste is fresh with bright acidity. Drink now.', 'Stalky, leathery aromas are low on fruit and freshness. This has a grabby feel, sort of like leather straps. Herbal berry and plum flavors are mildly bitter, while a green note is apparent on the finish. 90+? Not exactly. END
START HERE This wine is made to be drunk young when it is still in the first flush of its fruitiness. Black plum and blackberry flavors are fleshed out with soft tannins. The aftertaste is fresh with bright acidity. Drink now.', 'Stalky, leathery aromas are low on fruit and freshness. This has a grabby feel, sort of like leather straps. Herbal berry and plum flavors are mildly bitter, while a green note is apparent on the finish. 90+? Not exactly.', 'Hard-spice aromas rest on top of cherry and briar aromas. Fresh and snappy on the palate, this medium-bodied Rioja delivers fully oaked flavors of vanilla and butter along with strawberry and raspberry fruit. A distinct buttery flavor rides high on the finish. END
START HERE Stalky, leathery aromas are low on fruit and freshness. This has a grabby feel, sort of like leather straps. Herbal berry and plum flavors are mildly bitter, while a green note is apparent on the finish. 90+? Not exactly.', 'Hard-spice aromas rest on top of cherry and briar aromas. Fresh and snappy on the palate, this medium-bodied Rioja delivers fully oaked flavors of vanilla and butter along with strawberry and raspberry fruit. A distinct buttery flavor rides high on the finish.', 'Attractive notes of dried red berry and bramble mingle with hints of savory herb and soft peppery spice on the bouquet of this blend. Skin-driven fruit flavors dominate the palate, followed by a clean finish. A blend of 60% Merlot and 40% Cabernet Sauvignon; Mevushal. END
START HERE Hard-spice aromas rest on top of cherry and briar aromas. Fresh and snappy on the palate, this medium-bodied Rioja delivers fully oaked flavors of vanilla and butter along with strawberry and raspberry fruit. A distinct buttery flavor rides high on the finish.', 'Attractive notes of dried red berry and bramble mingle with hints of savory herb and soft peppery spice on the bouquet of this blend. Skin-driven fruit flavors dominate the palate, followed by a clean finish. A blend of 60% Merlot and 40% Cabernet Sauvignon; Mevushal.', "This fresh and flavorful rosé is as easy to like as its gentle price tag. There's loads of youthful strawberry and peach fruit, propped up by a bright line of acidity that carries the flavors through to a medium finish. Pick this for your next warm weather gathering. END
START HERE Attractive notes of dried red berry and bramble mingle with hints of savory herb and soft peppery spice on the bouquet of this blend. Skin-driven fruit flavors dominate the palate, followed by a clean finish. A blend of 60% Merlot and 40% Cabernet Sauvignon; Mevushal.', "This fresh and flavorful rosé is as easy to like as its gentle price tag. There's loads of youthful strawberry and peach fruit, propped up by a bright line of acidity that carries the flavors through to a medium finish. Pick this for your next warm weather gathering.", 'The Grand Estates Merlot has to be considered one of the best—if not the best—budget Merlots in the world. The color is pure and deep, there is a strong tannic spine, and the flavors of cassis and coffee, boysenberry and chocolate could be coming from a much more expensive bottle. END
START HERE This fresh and flavorful rosé is as easy to like as its gentle price tag. There's loads of youthful strawberry and peach fruit, propped up by a bright line of acidity that carries the flavors through to a medium finish. Pick this for your next warm weather gathering.", 'The Grand Estates Merlot has to be considered one of the best—if not the best—budget Merlots in the world. The color is pure and deep, there is a strong tannic spine, and the flavors of cassis and coffee, boysenberry and chocolate could be coming from a much more expensive bottle.', 'Packaged in an easy screwcap bottle, Centine rosé delivers fragrances of sweet strawberry and raspberry over an easy, but streamlined texture. Pair this fresh wine with spicy Indian samosa. END
START HERE The Grand Estates Merlot has to be considered one of the best—if not the best—budget Merlots in the world. The color is pure and deep, there is a strong tannic spine, and the flavors of cassis and coffee, boysenberry and chocolate could be coming from a much more expensive bottle.', 'Packaged in an easy screwcap bottle, Centine rosé delivers fragrances of sweet strawberry and raspberry over an easy, but streamlined texture. Pair this fresh wine with spicy Indian samosa.', 'For a value-priced wine (especially considering its large-format bottling), this unassuming Riesling offers a bounty of juicy, fruity enjoyment calibrated with hints of minerality and revitalizing freshness. Its semidry tangerine and apricot flavors are easygoing yet zesty, slicked in honey and a touch of graphite. The finish is brisk but clean. Drink now. END
START HERE Packaged in an easy screwcap bottle, Centine rosé delivers fragrances of sweet strawberry and raspberry over an easy, but streamlined texture. Pair this fresh wine with spicy Indian samosa.', 'For a value-priced wine (especially considering its large-format bottling), this unassuming Riesling offers a bounty of juicy, fruity enjoyment calibrated with hints of minerality and revitalizing freshness. Its semidry tangerine and apricot flavors are easygoing yet zesty, slicked in honey and a touch of graphite. The finish is brisk but clean. Drink now.', 'Nice berry fruit aromas with a touch of sweetness set this off in good form. The palate is solid and well balanced in terms of feel, while flavors of cassis and berry show a little bit of oak-based vanilla. Textbook and straight from central casting, but satisfying and not the least bit difficult. END
START HERE For a value-priced wine (especially considering its large-format bottling), this unassuming Riesling offers a bounty of juicy, fruity enjoyment calibrated with hints of minerality and revitalizing freshness. Its semidry tangerine and apricot flavors are easygoing yet zesty, slicked in honey and a touch of graphite. The finish is brisk but clean. Drink now.', 'Nice berry fruit aromas with a touch of sweetness set this off in good form. The palate is solid and well balanced in terms of feel, while flavors of cassis and berry show a little bit of oak-based vanilla. Textbook and straight from central casting, but satisfying and not the least bit difficult.', 'Subtly nutty on the nose with a hint of lemony perfume, this Chardonnay sparkler is pleasantly brisk but a little dilute on the palate. Small bubbles are soft and gently mouthfilling. END
START HERE Nice berry fruit aromas with a touch of sweetness set this off in good form. The palate is solid and well balanced in terms of feel, while flavors of cassis and berry show a little bit of oak-based vanilla. Textbook and straight from central casting, but satisfying and not the least bit difficult.', 'Subtly nutty on the nose with a hint of lemony perfume, this Chardonnay sparkler is pleasantly brisk but a little dilute on the palate. Small bubbles are soft and gently mouthfilling.', 'Sweet and herbal smelling, then firm and tight in the mouth, with clampy tannins and generic, dark flavors of black plum and berry. Feels a little reduced and heavy on the finish. END
START HERE Subtly nutty on the nose with a hint of lemony perfume, this Chardonnay sparkler is pleasantly brisk but a little dilute on the palate. Small bubbles are soft and gently mouthfilling.', 'Sweet and herbal smelling, then firm and tight in the mouth, with clampy tannins and generic, dark flavors of black plum and berry. Feels a little reduced and heavy on the finish.', 'This vintage of Rupìcolo (a 70-30 blend of Montepulciano and Nero di Troia) is an austere wine with brooding aromas of spice, blackberry jam and bitter chocolate. The wine has drying tannins with deep dimension and persistency. The price is just right too. END
START HERE Sweet and herbal smelling, then firm and tight in the mouth, with clampy tannins and generic, dark flavors of black plum and berry. Feels a little reduced and heavy on the finish.', 'This vintage of Rupìcolo (a 70-30 blend of Montepulciano and Nero di Troia) is an austere wine with brooding aromas of spice, blackberry jam and bitter chocolate. The wine has drying tannins with deep dimension and persistency. The price is just right too.', 'The bouquet is like sticking your nose in a bag of pencil shavings and shiitake mushrooms. The palate gets more expansive, offering cranberry as well as a hint of softer fruit like strawberry, with some crushed rock as well. This is a very affordable expression of Pinot Noir in what was a tough vintage, showing that the new energy BV is placing on this series of wines may just pay off. END
START HERE This vintage of Rupìcolo (a 70-30 blend of Montepulciano and Nero di Troia) is an austere wine with brooding aromas of spice, blackberry jam and bitter chocolate. The wine has drying tannins with deep dimension and persistency. The price is just right too.', 'The bouquet is like sticking your nose in a bag of pencil shavings and shiitake mushrooms. The palate gets more expansive, offering cranberry as well as a hint of softer fruit like strawberry, with some crushed rock as well. This is a very affordable expression of Pinot Noir in what was a tough vintage, showing that the new energy BV is placing on this series of wines may just pay off.', 'Inky and tight smelling, with rubbery black-fruit aromas. The palate is full, tannic and a little choppy, but the flavors of olive, blackberry, black cherry and herbs are good. Finishes rustic and a touch salty, with good bounce and verve. END
START HERE The bouquet is like sticking your nose in a bag of pencil shavings and shiitake mushrooms. The palate gets more expansive, offering cranberry as well as a hint of softer fruit like strawberry, with some crushed rock as well. This is a very affordable expression of Pinot Noir in what was a tough vintage, showing that the new energy BV is placing on this series of wines may just pay off.', 'Inky and tight smelling, with rubbery black-fruit aromas. The palate is full, tannic and a little choppy, but the flavors of olive, blackberry, black cherry and herbs are good. Finishes rustic and a touch salty, with good bounce and verve.', "Penfolds' entry-level Chardonnay is a medium-bodied, easy-drinking wine with modest fig and anise notes. Drink up. END
START HERE Inky and tight smelling, with rubbery black-fruit aromas. The palate is full, tannic and a little choppy, but the flavors of olive, blackberry, black cherry and herbs are good. Finishes rustic and a touch salty, with good bounce and verve.', "Penfolds' entry-level Chardonnay is a medium-bodied, easy-drinking wine with modest fig and anise notes. Drink up.", "Full of flavors and aromas of grapefruit and pear, this delightful Chardonnay is super-crisp, with restrained barrel influence. Like a freshly baked pie, it's bright and satisfying. END
START HERE Penfolds' entry-level Chardonnay is a medium-bodied, easy-drinking wine with modest fig and anise notes. Drink up.", "Full of flavors and aromas of grapefruit and pear, this delightful Chardonnay is super-crisp, with restrained barrel influence. Like a freshly baked pie, it's bright and satisfying.", 'Aromas of asphalt, milk chocolate and generic berry fruits come with notes of creosote and chimney. This feels tannic and a bit flat. Savory, rubbery berry flavors are roasted and taste like oak-based clove on the finish. END
START HERE Full of flavors and aromas of grapefruit and pear, this delightful Chardonnay is super-crisp, with restrained barrel influence. Like a freshly baked pie, it's bright and satisfying.", 'Aromas of asphalt, milk chocolate and generic berry fruits come with notes of creosote and chimney. This feels tannic and a bit flat. Savory, rubbery berry flavors are roasted and taste like oak-based clove on the finish.', "Campuget has been a reliable source of rosé for at least a decade, and the 2013 is even better than usual. It's now made in a pale copper hue, light, crisp and lean, with aromas and flavors of wet stone, citrus and underripe peach highlighted by a long, lime-driven finish. END
START HERE Aromas of asphalt, milk chocolate and generic berry fruits come with notes of creosote and chimney. This feels tannic and a bit flat. Savory, rubbery berry flavors are roasted and taste like oak-based clove on the finish.', "Campuget has been a reliable source of rosé for at least a decade, and the 2013 is even better than usual. It's now made in a pale copper hue, light, crisp and lean, with aromas and flavors of wet stone, citrus and underripe peach highlighted by a long, lime-driven finish.", "Soft and fruity, this is a ripe style of rosé. It's dry and peppery, with fresh acidity cutting through its rounded texture. It's a rosé for food, with a full aftertaste. END
START HERE Campuget has been a reliable source of rosé for at least a decade, and the 2013 is even better than usual. It's now made in a pale copper hue, light, crisp and lean, with aromas and flavors of wet stone, citrus and underripe peach highlighted by a long, lime-driven finish.", "Soft and fruity, this is a ripe style of rosé. It's dry and peppery, with fresh acidity cutting through its rounded texture. It's a rosé for food, with a full aftertaste.", 'Green and vegetal in aromas and flavors. The nose deals pea, green bean and asparagus tempered by lime and melon. The palate has weight and a mix of green, grassy flavors as well as apple, lime and pineapple. A jalapeño-like burn is prominent on the finish. Definitely a cool-climate SB. END
START HERE Soft and fruity, this is a ripe style of rosé. It's dry and peppery, with fresh acidity cutting through its rounded texture. It's a rosé for food, with a full aftertaste.", 'Green and vegetal in aromas and flavors. The nose deals pea, green bean and asparagus tempered by lime and melon. The palate has weight and a mix of green, grassy flavors as well as apple, lime and pineapple. A jalapeño-like burn is prominent on the finish. Definitely a cool-climate SB.', "A vibrantly aromatic wine with notes of freshly peeled tangerine, sliced apricot and white flowers. It's off-dry (23g/L residual sugar) with zippy acidity keeping it all together. END
START HERE Green and vegetal in aromas and flavors. The nose deals pea, green bean and asparagus tempered by lime and melon. The palate has weight and a mix of green, grassy flavors as well as apple, lime and pineapple. A jalapeño-like burn is prominent on the finish. Definitely a cool-climate SB.', "A vibrantly aromatic wine with notes of freshly peeled tangerine, sliced apricot and white flowers. It's off-dry (23g/L residual sugar) with zippy acidity keeping it all together.", 'Aromas of white peach and apple lead to bone-dry fruit flavors. It provides a lot of appeal. END
START HERE A vibrantly aromatic wine with notes of freshly peeled tangerine, sliced apricot and white flowers. It's off-dry (23g/L residual sugar) with zippy acidity keeping it all together.", 'Aromas of white peach and apple lead to bone-dry fruit flavors. It provides a lot of appeal.', "There's very little difference between this Merlot and La Joya's so-called Gran Reserve. Both are entirely solid, ripe, a touch bretty and friendly as can be. This wine has more plumpness and less structure than its big brother, but it's nice if you like soft, round, chewy berry fruit and not much tannic bite or acidic roughness. END
START HERE Aromas of white peach and apple lead to bone-dry fruit flavors. It provides a lot of appeal.', "There's very little difference between this Merlot and La Joya's so-called Gran Reserve. Both are entirely solid, ripe, a touch bretty and friendly as can be. This wine has more plumpness and less structure than its big brother, but it's nice if you like soft, round, chewy berry fruit and not much tannic bite or acidic roughness.", 'Aromas of field brush and citrus are a touch funky. This Monastrell rosé feels round and pulpy, but with decent acidity. Citrus flavors, both pulp and peel, lead to a briny-tasting finish. END
START HERE There's very little difference between this Merlot and La Joya's so-called Gran Reserve. Both are entirely solid, ripe, a touch bretty and friendly as can be. This wine has more plumpness and less structure than its big brother, but it's nice if you like soft, round, chewy berry fruit and not much tannic bite or acidic roughness.", 'Aromas of field brush and citrus are a touch funky. This Monastrell rosé feels round and pulpy, but with decent acidity. Citrus flavors, both pulp and peel, lead to a briny-tasting finish.', "A touch oily on the nose but that's balanced by tropical fruit, pear and apple aromas. The palate has a chunky feel and weight to it along with melon and apple flavors. And it finishes the same, rounding out an inoffensive, standard package. END
START HERE Aromas of field brush and citrus are a touch funky. This Monastrell rosé feels round and pulpy, but with decent acidity. Citrus flavors, both pulp and peel, lead to a briny-tasting finish.', "A touch oily on the nose but that's balanced by tropical fruit, pear and apple aromas. The palate has a chunky feel and weight to it along with melon and apple flavors. And it finishes the same, rounding out an inoffensive, standard package.", 'Aromas of tire rubber, herb and red fruit lead to soft, plush cranberry and cherry flavors that linger. END
START HERE A touch oily on the nose but that's balanced by tropical fruit, pear and apple aromas. The palate has a chunky feel and weight to it along with melon and apple flavors. And it finishes the same, rounding out an inoffensive, standard package.", 'Aromas of tire rubber, herb and red fruit lead to soft, plush cranberry and cherry flavors that linger.', 'This wine offers aromas of herbs, black cherry and spice, showing a bit of heat. The dark-fruit flavors have good intensity, with dry, astringent tannins backing them up. END
START HERE Aromas of tire rubber, herb and red fruit lead to soft, plush cranberry and cherry flavors that linger.', 'This wine offers aromas of herbs, black cherry and spice, showing a bit of heat. The dark-fruit flavors have good intensity, with dry, astringent tannins backing them up.', "A classic Provence red: charming, light and fresh, with pretty red fruit and straightforward flavors of plum and bramble. There's a bit of tannin here but this is a wine to drink young, before the fresh fruit fades. Try with grilled spare ribs. END
START HERE This wine offers aromas of herbs, black cherry and spice, showing a bit of heat. The dark-fruit flavors have good intensity, with dry, astringent tannins backing them up.', "A classic Provence red: charming, light and fresh, with pretty red fruit and straightforward flavors of plum and bramble. There's a bit of tannin here but this is a wine to drink young, before the fresh fruit fades. Try with grilled spare ribs.", 'Aromas of plastic and weedy berry fruits are not a draw. This feels dilute and pulling. Weedy, raw, tart red-berry flavors finish with green notes of mint and leafy herbs. END
START HERE A classic Provence red: charming, light and fresh, with pretty red fruit and straightforward flavors of plum and bramble. There's a bit of tannin here but this is a wine to drink young, before the fresh fruit fades. Try with grilled spare ribs.", 'Aromas of plastic and weedy berry fruits are not a draw. This feels dilute and pulling. Weedy, raw, tart red-berry flavors finish with green notes of mint and leafy herbs.', 'Fresh and inviting aromas of fynbos, gooseberry and lime leaf leap from the glass of this value-priced Savvy. The palate is light and crisp, with a lemon-lime note that finishes brisk and refreshing. Easy to drink and immensely accessible; drink now. END
START HERE Aromas of plastic and weedy berry fruits are not a draw. This feels dilute and pulling. Weedy, raw, tart red-berry flavors finish with green notes of mint and leafy herbs.', 'Fresh and inviting aromas of fynbos, gooseberry and lime leaf leap from the glass of this value-priced Savvy. The palate is light and crisp, with a lemon-lime note that finishes brisk and refreshing. Easy to drink and immensely accessible; drink now.', 'The wine is fruity with a stalky edge and bright black-currant fruit flavors. It is soft in character, fruity rather than structured, yet its acidity finishes the wine with a fresh lift. END
START HERE Fresh and inviting aromas of fynbos, gooseberry and lime leaf leap from the glass of this value-priced Savvy. The palate is light and crisp, with a lemon-lime note that finishes brisk and refreshing. Easy to drink and immensely accessible; drink now.', 'The wine is fruity with a stalky edge and bright black-currant fruit flavors. It is soft in character, fruity rather than structured, yet its acidity finishes the wine with a fresh lift.', 'Resiny, nutty, toasty aromas just barely cut it in terms of drawing you in. The palate on this basic, woody Chardonnay is fine, while resiny white-fruit flavors finish with a forced flavor of vanilla and oak. END
START HERE The wine is fruity with a stalky edge and bright black-currant fruit flavors. It is soft in character, fruity rather than structured, yet its acidity finishes the wine with a fresh lift.', 'Resiny, nutty, toasty aromas just barely cut it in terms of drawing you in. The palate on this basic, woody Chardonnay is fine, while resiny white-fruit flavors finish with a forced flavor of vanilla and oak.', 'A whiff of fresh brioche against a backdrop of sunny grapefruit and plum flavors makes this forward fruity off-dry Riesling especially inviting. While lively and crisp, its juicy, quaffable style makes it an easy pleaser. Drink now. END
START HERE Resiny, nutty, toasty aromas just barely cut it in terms of drawing you in. The palate on this basic, woody Chardonnay is fine, while resiny white-fruit flavors finish with a forced flavor of vanilla and oak.', 'A whiff of fresh brioche against a backdrop of sunny grapefruit and plum flavors makes this forward fruity off-dry Riesling especially inviting. While lively and crisp, its juicy, quaffable style makes it an easy pleaser. Drink now.', 'Here is a brisk and fruity wine that has bright acidity and a fresh raspberry flavor. There is an attractive crispness to the finish of this bright rosé. END
START HERE A whiff of fresh brioche against a backdrop of sunny grapefruit and plum flavors makes this forward fruity off-dry Riesling especially inviting. While lively and crisp, its juicy, quaffable style makes it an easy pleaser. Drink now.', 'Here is a brisk and fruity wine that has bright acidity and a fresh raspberry flavor. There is an attractive crispness to the finish of this bright rosé.', "Dusty mineral and bramble notes contrast sunny, sweet yellow peach and melon flavors in this brisk semidry Riesling. It's forward and fruity, finishing with a lingering, lacy sweetness. Not likely to improve, so drink now. END
START HERE Here is a brisk and fruity wine that has bright acidity and a fresh raspberry flavor. There is an attractive crispness to the finish of this bright rosé.', "Dusty mineral and bramble notes contrast sunny, sweet yellow peach and melon flavors in this brisk semidry Riesling. It's forward and fruity, finishing with a lingering, lacy sweetness. Not likely to improve, so drink now.", 'A great value wine, this fruity Syrah opens with bright blueberry, cherry and plum woven between subtle nuances of leather, spice and smoked bacon. END
START HERE Dusty mineral and bramble notes contrast sunny, sweet yellow peach and melon flavors in this brisk semidry Riesling. It's forward and fruity, finishing with a lingering, lacy sweetness. Not likely to improve, so drink now.", 'A great value wine, this fruity Syrah opens with bright blueberry, cherry and plum woven between subtle nuances of leather, spice and smoked bacon.', "An aromatic wine with notes of ripe nectarine, honey and jasmine. It's medium sweet with an assortment of dried apricot flavors that display a pleasing sense of balance that continues through the lingering finish. END
START HERE A great value wine, this fruity Syrah opens with bright blueberry, cherry and plum woven between subtle nuances of leather, spice and smoked bacon.', "An aromatic wine with notes of ripe nectarine, honey and jasmine. It's medium sweet with an assortment of dried apricot flavors that display a pleasing sense of balance that continues through the lingering finish.", 'Saucy raspberry aromas are herbal and briny. This feels chunky and round. Jammy raspberry flavors turn medicinal and herbal, ending with notes of latex and Band-Aid. END
START HERE An aromatic wine with notes of ripe nectarine, honey and jasmine. It's medium sweet with an assortment of dried apricot flavors that display a pleasing sense of balance that continues through the lingering finish.", 'Saucy raspberry aromas are herbal and briny. This feels chunky and round. Jammy raspberry flavors turn medicinal and herbal, ending with notes of latex and Band-Aid.', "A little too sweet on the finish to recommend it as a balanced wine, this Gnarly Head from Lodi's old vines has about 16% Petite Sirah in it, too. END
START HERE Saucy raspberry aromas are herbal and briny. This feels chunky and round. Jammy raspberry flavors turn medicinal and herbal, ending with notes of latex and Band-Aid.', "A little too sweet on the finish to recommend it as a balanced wine, this Gnarly Head from Lodi's old vines has about 16% Petite Sirah in it, too.", "Heady plum and dark berry aromas give a warning of size and ripeness, and indeed there's a ton of ripe fruit to the palate; but the wine is also raw, untamed and lacking in mouthfeel. It could stand to flow and finish better than it does. END
START HERE A little too sweet on the finish to recommend it as a balanced wine, this Gnarly Head from Lodi's old vines has about 16% Petite Sirah in it, too.", "Heady plum and dark berry aromas give a warning of size and ripeness, and indeed there's a ton of ripe fruit to the palate; but the wine is also raw, untamed and lacking in mouthfeel. It could stand to flow and finish better than it does.", "Licorice and warm blacktop make for a dark nose, yet there isn't much base to the acidic palate. There's grabby, tangy generic fruit but mostly tartness and sizzle. An edgy wine with a spot of mocha on a sharp finish. END
START HERE Heady plum and dark berry aromas give a warning of size and ripeness, and indeed there's a ton of ripe fruit to the palate; but the wine is also raw, untamed and lacking in mouthfeel. It could stand to flow and finish better than it does.", "Licorice and warm blacktop make for a dark nose, yet there isn't much base to the acidic palate. There's grabby, tangy generic fruit but mostly tartness and sizzle. An edgy wine with a spot of mocha on a sharp finish.", 'This is fleshy and dilute up front, then heavy and globular in feel. Pickled melon and vegetal stone-fruit flavors finish weak. END
START HERE Licorice and warm blacktop make for a dark nose, yet there isn't much base to the acidic palate. There's grabby, tangy generic fruit but mostly tartness and sizzle. An edgy wine with a spot of mocha on a sharp finish.", 'This is fleshy and dilute up front, then heavy and globular in feel. Pickled melon and vegetal stone-fruit flavors finish weak.', 'Watery and a little fizzy, with sugary flavors of oranges, lemons, limes and honey. Will appeal to those who like a slightly sweet wine. END
START HERE This is fleshy and dilute up front, then heavy and globular in feel. Pickled melon and vegetal stone-fruit flavors finish weak.', 'Watery and a little fizzy, with sugary flavors of oranges, lemons, limes and honey. Will appeal to those who like a slightly sweet wine.', 'This blend of Syrah, Zin and Petite Sirah is dry, tannic and full-bodied, with blackberry, currant, plum, cherry, mulberry and tobacco flavors that make up in power what they lack in subtlety. END
START HERE Watery and a little fizzy, with sugary flavors of oranges, lemons, limes and honey. Will appeal to those who like a slightly sweet wine.', 'This blend of Syrah, Zin and Petite Sirah is dry, tannic and full-bodied, with blackberry, currant, plum, cherry, mulberry and tobacco flavors that make up in power what they lack in subtlety.', 'Softly sweet, this brings bright Fuji apple and Anjou pear aromas and flavors. It charms with fresh fruit character and stays away from the dry balance of more serious wines. END
START HERE This blend of Syrah, Zin and Petite Sirah is dry, tannic and full-bodied, with blackberry, currant, plum, cherry, mulberry and tobacco flavors that make up in power what they lack in subtlety.', 'Softly sweet, this brings bright Fuji apple and Anjou pear aromas and flavors. It charms with fresh fruit character and stays away from the dry balance of more serious wines.', 'This vivid pink-colored wine tastes of candy with added acidity. There is some sweetness along with the artificial flavors. END
START HERE Softly sweet, this brings bright Fuji apple and Anjou pear aromas and flavors. It charms with fresh fruit character and stays away from the dry balance of more serious wines.', 'This vivid pink-colored wine tastes of candy with added acidity. There is some sweetness along with the artificial flavors.', "Fruity, with scads of pineapple, green apple, mango and vanilla cream flavors, brightened with crisp acidity. It's made in the popular style, at a popular price. END
START HERE This vivid pink-colored wine tastes of candy with added acidity. There is some sweetness along with the artificial flavors.', "Fruity, with scads of pineapple, green apple, mango and vanilla cream flavors, brightened with crisp acidity. It's made in the popular style, at a popular price.", "Juicy and jumpy on the nose, but not sour. The palate of this dark, almost red Malbec rosé is sweet and candied but also zesty due to pretty lively acids. It's not a stellar wine but it is full of berries and spunk. END
START HERE Fruity, with scads of pineapple, green apple, mango and vanilla cream flavors, brightened with crisp acidity. It's made in the popular style, at a popular price.", "Juicy and jumpy on the nose, but not sour. The palate of this dark, almost red Malbec rosé is sweet and candied but also zesty due to pretty lively acids. It's not a stellar wine but it is full of berries and spunk.", "One of the first wines to be released from the 2011 vintage, this Sauvignon Blanc shows how chilly the year was. It's barely ripe, showing dry, acidic citrus and mineral flavors, with a green, minty edge. END
START HERE Juicy and jumpy on the nose, but not sour. The palate of this dark, almost red Malbec rosé is sweet and candied but also zesty due to pretty lively acids. It's not a stellar wine but it is full of berries and spunk.", "One of the first wines to be released from the 2011 vintage, this Sauvignon Blanc shows how chilly the year was. It's barely ripe, showing dry, acidic citrus and mineral flavors, with a green, minty edge.", 'This easy-drinking blend of 75% Sangiovese, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Merlot and 5% Malvasia has spice-laced ripe black cherry aromas. The light, simple palate shows sour cherry and clove with soft tannins. Drink soon. END
START HERE One of the first wines to be released from the 2011 vintage, this Sauvignon Blanc shows how chilly the year was. It's barely ripe, showing dry, acidic citrus and mineral flavors, with a green, minty edge.", 'This easy-drinking blend of 75% Sangiovese, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Merlot and 5% Malvasia has spice-laced ripe black cherry aromas. The light, simple palate shows sour cherry and clove with soft tannins. Drink soon.', 'A blast of fake-smelling clove is the dominant aroma on this sticky Pinot Noir. Clove returns as the singular flavor, while the finish is woody but not toasty or classy. This is uniquely one-dimensional, but in the wrong way. END
START HERE This easy-drinking blend of 75% Sangiovese, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Merlot and 5% Malvasia has spice-laced ripe black cherry aromas. The light, simple palate shows sour cherry and clove with soft tannins. Drink soon.', 'A blast of fake-smelling clove is the dominant aroma on this sticky Pinot Noir. Clove returns as the singular flavor, while the finish is woody but not toasty or classy. This is uniquely one-dimensional, but in the wrong way.', "A pretty good buy, it gets the Pinot concept across in a light-bodied, silky wine, with brisk acidity and pleasant raspberry and red currant flavors. The wine, from Foley, illustrates the company's efforts to penetrate the everyday price tier. END
START HERE A blast of fake-smelling clove is the dominant aroma on this sticky Pinot Noir. Clove returns as the singular flavor, while the finish is woody but not toasty or classy. This is uniquely one-dimensional, but in the wrong way.', "A pretty good buy, it gets the Pinot concept across in a light-bodied, silky wine, with brisk acidity and pleasant raspberry and red currant flavors. The wine, from Foley, illustrates the company's efforts to penetrate the everyday price tier.", 'It brings a Northwest Cabernet profile of black currant, plum, licorice and light herbs with medium-bodied feel. A touch of sweetness rounds out the finish. END
START HERE A pretty good buy, it gets the Pinot concept across in a light-bodied, silky wine, with brisk acidity and pleasant raspberry and red currant flavors. The wine, from Foley, illustrates the company's efforts to penetrate the everyday price tier.", 'It brings a Northwest Cabernet profile of black currant, plum, licorice and light herbs with medium-bodied feel. A touch of sweetness rounds out the finish.', 'Simple but well made, it opens with a fruit fragrance of peach and golden apple. The palate offers pineapple and banana alongside bright acidity. END
START HERE It brings a Northwest Cabernet profile of black currant, plum, licorice and light herbs with medium-bodied feel. A touch of sweetness rounds out the finish.', 'Simple but well made, it opens with a fruit fragrance of peach and golden apple. The palate offers pineapple and banana alongside bright acidity.', 'Pungent and green on the nose, which makes it 100% varietally correct. It smells and tastes of cool-climate terroir, and if you enjoy simple but likable citrus, melon, snap pea and bell pepper characteristics, this has it. Good by the glass or by the bottle. END
START HERE Simple but well made, it opens with a fruit fragrance of peach and golden apple. The palate offers pineapple and banana alongside bright acidity.', 'Pungent and green on the nose, which makes it 100% varietally correct. It smells and tastes of cool-climate terroir, and if you enjoy simple but likable citrus, melon, snap pea and bell pepper characteristics, this has it. Good by the glass or by the bottle.', 'Two vintages ago this wine rated the same, so we can say that improvement and evolution are not evident. This wine is tan in color and heavy, with strange butterscotch aromas that seem foreign and artificial. Forced oak flavors and a resiny mouthfeel are also drawbacks. END
START HERE Pungent and green on the nose, which makes it 100% varietally correct. It smells and tastes of cool-climate terroir, and if you enjoy simple but likable citrus, melon, snap pea and bell pepper characteristics, this has it. Good by the glass or by the bottle.', 'Two vintages ago this wine rated the same, so we can say that improvement and evolution are not evident. This wine is tan in color and heavy, with strange butterscotch aromas that seem foreign and artificial. Forced oak flavors and a resiny mouthfeel are also drawbacks.', "Quite bright, sweet and fruity, with a hint of cherry candy and blackberry on the bouquet and then a juicy, fresh palate with mild chocolate, raspberry and proper texture. For $11 this wine is more than competent; it's very good. 50,000 cases made. END
START HERE Two vintages ago this wine rated the same, so we can say that improvement and evolution are not evident. This wine is tan in color and heavy, with strange butterscotch aromas that seem foreign and artificial. Forced oak flavors and a resiny mouthfeel are also drawbacks.', "Quite bright, sweet and fruity, with a hint of cherry candy and blackberry on the bouquet and then a juicy, fresh palate with mild chocolate, raspberry and proper texture. For $11 this wine is more than competent; it's very good. 50,000 cases made.", "The 2004 vintage favored Cabernet, and that quality has evidently trickled down to this bargain from Penfolds. Hints of brown sugar and raisin on the nose give an impression of great ripeness, but that's balanced by fresh black currant, coffee and black olive flavors. Tannins are supple, but finish on a slightly dusty note, giving the wine enough backbone to pair with steak. END
START HERE Quite bright, sweet and fruity, with a hint of cherry candy and blackberry on the bouquet and then a juicy, fresh palate with mild chocolate, raspberry and proper texture. For $11 this wine is more than competent; it's very good. 50,000 cases made.", "The 2004 vintage favored Cabernet, and that quality has evidently trickled down to this bargain from Penfolds. Hints of brown sugar and raisin on the nose give an impression of great ripeness, but that's balanced by fresh black currant, coffee and black olive flavors. Tannins are supple, but finish on a slightly dusty note, giving the wine enough backbone to pair with steak.", 'Dark purple in color, this opens with a rich, dense bouquet of blackberry, plum, boysenberry, purple violet and cocoa nib. The plush palate boasts velvety tannins and good overall balance, with earthy, spicy tones that linger through the finish. END
START HERE The 2004 vintage favored Cabernet, and that quality has evidently trickled down to this bargain from Penfolds. Hints of brown sugar and raisin on the nose give an impression of great ripeness, but that's balanced by fresh black currant, coffee and black olive flavors. Tannins are supple, but finish on a slightly dusty note, giving the wine enough backbone to pair with steak.", 'Dark purple in color, this opens with a rich, dense bouquet of blackberry, plum, boysenberry, purple violet and cocoa nib. The plush palate boasts velvety tannins and good overall balance, with earthy, spicy tones that linger through the finish.', 'Just what the label says, this is fresh, fruity, simple and attractive Sauvignon Blanc. Lemon, crisp apple peel and fragrant acidity all meld easily together. Screwcap. END
START HERE Dark purple in color, this opens with a rich, dense bouquet of blackberry, plum, boysenberry, purple violet and cocoa nib. The plush palate boasts velvety tannins and good overall balance, with earthy, spicy tones that linger through the finish.', 'Just what the label says, this is fresh, fruity, simple and attractive Sauvignon Blanc. Lemon, crisp apple peel and fragrant acidity all meld easily together. Screwcap.', "Lemon drop and sweet, pink grapefruit flavors brighten this punchy, crisply balanced wine. It's fruit-forward on the palate, nuanced with of nut and mineral hints. Drink now through 2018. END
START HERE Just what the label says, this is fresh, fruity, simple and attractive Sauvignon Blanc. Lemon, crisp apple peel and fragrant acidity all meld easily together. Screwcap.', "Lemon drop and sweet, pink grapefruit flavors brighten this punchy, crisply balanced wine. It's fruit-forward on the palate, nuanced with of nut and mineral hints. Drink now through 2018.", 'Big and strong, with full but easy black-fruit aromas. Ripeness is where it should be, as cassis and berry flavors work the consistent palate before giving way to a medium-long finish. Along the way there are hints of herbs, coffee and cherry cough drop. END
START HERE Lemon drop and sweet, pink grapefruit flavors brighten this punchy, crisply balanced wine. It's fruit-forward on the palate, nuanced with of nut and mineral hints. Drink now through 2018.", 'Big and strong, with full but easy black-fruit aromas. Ripeness is where it should be, as cassis and berry flavors work the consistent palate before giving way to a medium-long finish. Along the way there are hints of herbs, coffee and cherry cough drop.', 'This aromatic wine offers notes of jasmine, quinine, flowers and peach. It drinks medium sweet with lightly spritzy stone-fruit flavors. END
START HERE Big and strong, with full but easy black-fruit aromas. Ripeness is where it should be, as cassis and berry flavors work the consistent palate before giving way to a medium-long finish. Along the way there are hints of herbs, coffee and cherry cough drop.', 'This aromatic wine offers notes of jasmine, quinine, flowers and peach. It drinks medium sweet with lightly spritzy stone-fruit flavors.', 'Cherry, raspberry and candied aromas announce a plump but bland palate with sweet, candied flavors of red fruits. These turn slightly harsh before finishing with good feel and controlled bitterness. END
START HERE This aromatic wine offers notes of jasmine, quinine, flowers and peach. It drinks medium sweet with lightly spritzy stone-fruit flavors.', 'Cherry, raspberry and candied aromas announce a plump but bland palate with sweet, candied flavors of red fruits. These turn slightly harsh before finishing with good feel and controlled bitterness.', 'Reduced, condensed aromas of jammy berry fruits are herbal and narrow. In the mouth, this Cabernet-Malbec blend is wiry, rubbery and pinched. Flavors of prune, fig, black cherry and oregano finish blocky, with raw residual tannins. END
START HERE Cherry, raspberry and candied aromas announce a plump but bland palate with sweet, candied flavors of red fruits. These turn slightly harsh before finishing with good feel and controlled bitterness.', 'Reduced, condensed aromas of jammy berry fruits are herbal and narrow. In the mouth, this Cabernet-Malbec blend is wiry, rubbery and pinched. Flavors of prune, fig, black cherry and oregano finish blocky, with raw residual tannins.', 'Chakana strikes again with this excellent value-priced Malbec. The nose hits firmly with smoke and rubber before settling on ripe black fruit notes. Then the palate holds form, with blackberry making its mark before chocolate fills the void. Great depth and purity for a wine not meant to be complicated. END
START HERE Reduced, condensed aromas of jammy berry fruits are herbal and narrow. In the mouth, this Cabernet-Malbec blend is wiry, rubbery and pinched. Flavors of prune, fig, black cherry and oregano finish blocky, with raw residual tannins.', 'Chakana strikes again with this excellent value-priced Malbec. The nose hits firmly with smoke and rubber before settling on ripe black fruit notes. Then the palate holds form, with blackberry making its mark before chocolate fills the void. Great depth and purity for a wine not meant to be complicated.', 'Made from organically farmed grapes, this is a simple Merlot for everyday fare. It offers a pretty fragrance of red berry and white pepper accompanied by raspberry, cherry and red currant flavors with a hint of pepper. END
START HERE Chakana strikes again with this excellent value-priced Malbec. The nose hits firmly with smoke and rubber before settling on ripe black fruit notes. Then the palate holds form, with blackberry making its mark before chocolate fills the void. Great depth and purity for a wine not meant to be complicated.', 'Made from organically farmed grapes, this is a simple Merlot for everyday fare. It offers a pretty fragrance of red berry and white pepper accompanied by raspberry, cherry and red currant flavors with a hint of pepper.', "Fruity and fresh, this easygoing semidry Riesling offers heaps of sweet peach and citrus flavors. It's not complex, but is crisply balanced with a clean, refreshing finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Made from organically farmed grapes, this is a simple Merlot for everyday fare. It offers a pretty fragrance of red berry and white pepper accompanied by raspberry, cherry and red currant flavors with a hint of pepper.', "Fruity and fresh, this easygoing semidry Riesling offers heaps of sweet peach and citrus flavors. It's not complex, but is crisply balanced with a clean, refreshing finish. Drink now.", 'A crisp, fruity, unoaked Chardonnay. It has bright apple and fresh squeezed lime. This is very light and finishes with great acidity. Screwcap. END
START HERE Fruity and fresh, this easygoing semidry Riesling offers heaps of sweet peach and citrus flavors. It's not complex, but is crisply balanced with a clean, refreshing finish. Drink now.", 'A crisp, fruity, unoaked Chardonnay. It has bright apple and fresh squeezed lime. This is very light and finishes with great acidity. Screwcap', 'Mossy, foresty aromas are rugged and settle into blackberry. An intense, pushy palate is woody in feel, with hot, minty, oaky black-fruit flavors that improve with airing. Heat and toasty notes rise up on the finish of this bold Mendoza Malbec, a first from San Pedro (Chile). END
START HERE A crisp, fruity, unoaked Chardonnay. It has bright apple and fresh squeezed lime. This is very light and finishes with great acidity. Screwcap', 'Mossy, foresty aromas are rugged and settle into blackberry. An intense, pushy palate is woody in feel, with hot, minty, oaky black-fruit flavors that improve with airing. Heat and toasty notes rise up on the finish of this bold Mendoza Malbec, a first from San Pedro (Chile).', "You'll find all the pleasing aromas that you normally associate with a no-fuss Chardonnay such as apricot, honey and white stone in this wine. This is an easy, quaffable wine that lacks great depth but that would pair well with light, casual meals. END
START HERE Mossy, foresty aromas are rugged and settle into blackberry. An intense, pushy palate is woody in feel, with hot, minty, oaky black-fruit flavors that improve with airing. Heat and toasty notes rise up on the finish of this bold Mendoza Malbec, a first from San Pedro (Chile).', "You'll find all the pleasing aromas that you normally associate with a no-fuss Chardonnay such as apricot, honey and white stone in this wine. This is an easy, quaffable wine that lacks great depth but that would pair well with light, casual meals.", "Crisp-tart lemon and apple flavors cascade on the palate of this invigorating, fresh Riesling. It's a juicy, approachable off-dry wine that finishes with a bristle of lemon-lime acidity. END
START HERE You'll find all the pleasing aromas that you normally associate with a no-fuss Chardonnay such as apricot, honey and white stone in this wine. This is an easy, quaffable wine that lacks great depth but that would pair well with light, casual meals.", "Crisp-tart lemon and apple flavors cascade on the palate of this invigorating, fresh Riesling. It's a juicy, approachable off-dry wine that finishes with a bristle of lemon-lime acidity.", "For such a small price, this off-dry Riesling offers surprising refreshment and enjoyment. It's straightforward and fruity, bursting with white-peach and pear flavors, yet remarkably pristine in style. Zesty lemon-lime acidity showers the midpalate and leads a long rejuvenating finish. END
START HERE Crisp-tart lemon and apple flavors cascade on the palate of this invigorating, fresh Riesling. It's a juicy, approachable off-dry wine that finishes with a bristle of lemon-lime acidity.", "For such a small price, this off-dry Riesling offers surprising refreshment and enjoyment. It's straightforward and fruity, bursting with white-peach and pear flavors, yet remarkably pristine in style. Zesty lemon-lime acidity showers the midpalate and leads a long rejuvenating finish.", "There's a very likable quality to this Syrah that is made in Puglia by a Tuscan producer. It comes off as forest berry, Asian spice and dried raspberry. The wine has a light consistency and some green, almost bramble-like flavors that are peppered by spicy accents. END
START HERE For such a small price, this off-dry Riesling offers surprising refreshment and enjoyment. It's straightforward and fruity, bursting with white-peach and pear flavors, yet remarkably pristine in style. Zesty lemon-lime acidity showers the midpalate and leads a long rejuvenating finish.", "There's a very likable quality to this Syrah that is made in Puglia by a Tuscan producer. It comes off as forest berry, Asian spice and dried raspberry. The wine has a light consistency and some green, almost bramble-like flavors that are peppered by spicy accents.", "The perfect picnic wine? Bold, floral and berry aromas, black cherry fruit, and some light tannins will make this the most versatile wine in your hamper this summer. This blend of Nero d'Avola and Nerello Mascalese is grown specifically for rose production--it is not a saignee used to increase the concentration of the estate's reds. END
START HERE There's a very likable quality to this Syrah that is made in Puglia by a Tuscan producer. It comes off as forest berry, Asian spice and dried raspberry. The wine has a light consistency and some green, almost bramble-like flavors that are peppered by spicy accents.", "The perfect picnic wine? Bold, floral and berry aromas, black cherry fruit, and some light tannins will make this the most versatile wine in your hamper this summer. This blend of Nero d'Avola and Nerello Mascalese is grown specifically for rose production--it is not a saignee used to increase the concentration of the estate's reds.", 'This is a fruity wine with its typical touch of sweetness. It has lively strawberry fruits, a hint of pineapple, fresh acidity and a soft, light vanilla aftertaste. END
START HERE The perfect picnic wine? Bold, floral and berry aromas, black cherry fruit, and some light tannins will make this the most versatile wine in your hamper this summer. This blend of Nero d'Avola and Nerello Mascalese is grown specifically for rose production--it is not a saignee used to increase the concentration of the estate's reds.", 'This is a fruity wine with its typical touch of sweetness. It has lively strawberry fruits, a hint of pineapple, fresh acidity and a soft, light vanilla aftertaste.', "Ripe indeed, with confectioner's sugar, vanilla ice cream and honey aromas that lead to a light-to-medium-bodied palate with some disjointed oak notes and a slightly oily texture. Short but pleasant finish of figs and candied lemons. Drink up. END
START HERE This is a fruity wine with its typical touch of sweetness. It has lively strawberry fruits, a hint of pineapple, fresh acidity and a soft, light vanilla aftertaste.', "Ripe indeed, with confectioner's sugar, vanilla ice cream and honey aromas that lead to a light-to-medium-bodied palate with some disjointed oak notes and a slightly oily texture. Short but pleasant finish of figs and candied lemons. Drink up.", 'Earthy plum and cherry aromas are cool and lightly herbal. This feels juicy and tight, but clean. Flavors of herbal plum are a touch roasted, while this everyday Cab finishes spicy and the slightest bit green. END
START HERE Ripe indeed, with confectioner's sugar, vanilla ice cream and honey aromas that lead to a light-to-medium-bodied palate with some disjointed oak notes and a slightly oily texture. Short but pleasant finish of figs and candied lemons. Drink up.", 'Earthy plum and cherry aromas are cool and lightly herbal. This feels juicy and tight, but clean. Flavors of herbal plum are a touch roasted, while this everyday Cab finishes spicy and the slightest bit green.', 'Garnet to the eye, this wine has a zippy nose of cherry and cranberry. Flavors of pomegranate, cranberry and tart cherry are nestled into well-structured tannins that seem to dissolve in the palate as the bright finish takes hold. END
START HERE Earthy plum and cherry aromas are cool and lightly herbal. This feels juicy and tight, but clean. Flavors of herbal plum are a touch roasted, while this everyday Cab finishes spicy and the slightest bit green.', 'Garnet to the eye, this wine has a zippy nose of cherry and cranberry. Flavors of pomegranate, cranberry and tart cherry are nestled into well-structured tannins that seem to dissolve in the palate as the bright finish takes hold.', 'The color of light straw, this wine has fragrances of white flowers and citrus blossoms. Quite linear in the mouth, it offers pure flavors of green apple and ripe summer peach with a touch of lemon zest that makes its presence known on the zippy finish. END
START HERE Garnet to the eye, this wine has a zippy nose of cherry and cranberry. Flavors of pomegranate, cranberry and tart cherry are nestled into well-structured tannins that seem to dissolve in the palate as the bright finish takes hold.', 'The color of light straw, this wine has fragrances of white flowers and citrus blossoms. Quite linear in the mouth, it offers pure flavors of green apple and ripe summer peach with a touch of lemon zest that makes its presence known on the zippy finish.', 'Gritty match-stick aromas come with grapefruit and citrus scents. This is lifted and entirely regular for Chilean Sauvignon Blanc. Flavors of lemon, lime and grapefruit are soft and mealy for such a young wine, while bitterness enters the frame on the finish. END
START HERE The color of light straw, this wine has fragrances of white flowers and citrus blossoms. Quite linear in the mouth, it offers pure flavors of green apple and ripe summer peach with a touch of lemon zest that makes its presence known on the zippy finish.', 'Gritty match-stick aromas come with grapefruit and citrus scents. This is lifted and entirely regular for Chilean Sauvignon Blanc. Flavors of lemon, lime and grapefruit are soft and mealy for such a young wine, while bitterness enters the frame on the finish.', 'This is a perfectly formed rosé, from its pale-pink color to its crisp acidity and light tannins. It is balanced and delicious to drink now. END
START HERE Gritty match-stick aromas come with grapefruit and citrus scents. This is lifted and entirely regular for Chilean Sauvignon Blanc. Flavors of lemon, lime and grapefruit are soft and mealy for such a young wine, while bitterness enters the frame on the finish.', 'This is a perfectly formed rosé, from its pale-pink color to its crisp acidity and light tannins. It is balanced and delicious to drink now.', "Brambly and leafy on the nose and palate, with tight acidity and reedy, peppery flavors that suggest foresty raspberry. The finish is equally peppery, herbal and leafy, but overall it's not green or unappealing. A natural wine in that it's unoaked. END
START HERE This is a perfectly formed rosé, from its pale-pink color to its crisp acidity and light tannins. It is balanced and delicious to drink now.', "Brambly and leafy on the nose and palate, with tight acidity and reedy, peppery flavors that suggest foresty raspberry. The finish is equally peppery, herbal and leafy, but overall it's not green or unappealing. A natural wine in that it's unoaked.", "A bit stalky to begin with; there's tobacco, herbs and generic berry aromas that turn raisiny upon airing. The palate is definitely on the raisiny side, and thus it's sweet, a bit flat and ultimately tastes and feels slightly overripe. END
START HERE Brambly and leafy on the nose and palate, with tight acidity and reedy, peppery flavors that suggest foresty raspberry. The finish is equally peppery, herbal and leafy, but overall it's not green or unappealing. A natural wine in that it's unoaked.", "A bit stalky to begin with; there's tobacco, herbs and generic berry aromas that turn raisiny upon airing. The palate is definitely on the raisiny side, and thus it's sweet, a bit flat and ultimately tastes and feels slightly overripe.", 'Starts off slightly flinty on the nose, then delivers restrained grapefruit flavors on the palate, tinged with green peas. Medium-bodied, with a short finish; drink it over the next couple of months. END
START HERE A bit stalky to begin with; there's tobacco, herbs and generic berry aromas that turn raisiny upon airing. The palate is definitely on the raisiny side, and thus it's sweet, a bit flat and ultimately tastes and feels slightly overripe.", 'Starts off slightly flinty on the nose, then delivers restrained grapefruit flavors on the palate, tinged with green peas. Medium-bodied, with a short finish; drink it over the next couple of months.', 'Delicate and dainty, this pretty selection boasts soft aromas and flavors of white cherry, bergamot tea, orange rind and hard peach. Light weight and refreshing, the lively acidity keeps the palate brisk and the fruit flavors fresh. END
START HERE Starts off slightly flinty on the nose, then delivers restrained grapefruit flavors on the palate, tinged with green peas. Medium-bodied, with a short finish; drink it over the next couple of months.', 'Delicate and dainty, this pretty selection boasts soft aromas and flavors of white cherry, bergamot tea, orange rind and hard peach. Light weight and refreshing, the lively acidity keeps the palate brisk and the fruit flavors fresh.', 'Opens with a blast of oak rendered as bacon and sawdust. Feels bulky, tannic and tight, with saturated wood flavors taking on a heavy hickory accent that overrides what standard red fruit the wine is bringing. Quite woody for a wine of this caliber. END
START HERE Delicate and dainty, this pretty selection boasts soft aromas and flavors of white cherry, bergamot tea, orange rind and hard peach. Light weight and refreshing, the lively acidity keeps the palate brisk and the fruit flavors fresh.', 'Opens with a blast of oak rendered as bacon and sawdust. Feels bulky, tannic and tight, with saturated wood flavors taking on a heavy hickory accent that overrides what standard red fruit the wine is bringing. Quite woody for a wine of this caliber.', 'This is a solid, well-crafted and flavorful Malbec. Black fruit and cocoa aromas set up a concentrated palate, bearing chewy, dense flavors of black plum, wild berry and chocolate, plus toast and pepper notes. Production is 100,000-plus cases. END
START HERE Opens with a blast of oak rendered as bacon and sawdust. Feels bulky, tannic and tight, with saturated wood flavors taking on a heavy hickory accent that overrides what standard red fruit the wine is bringing. Quite woody for a wine of this caliber.', 'This is a solid, well-crafted and flavorful Malbec. Black fruit and cocoa aromas set up a concentrated palate, bearing chewy, dense flavors of black plum, wild berry and chocolate, plus toast and pepper notes. Production is 100,000-plus cases.', "This tastes like it could be anything from Chardonnay to Sauvignon Blanc to Grenache Blanc, but it's rich in honey, orange and buttered toastflavors. It's seems a little sweet, but it has a good cut of acidity. END
START HERE This is a solid, well-crafted and flavorful Malbec. Black fruit and cocoa aromas set up a concentrated palate, bearing chewy, dense flavors of black plum, wild berry and chocolate, plus toast and pepper notes. Production is 100,000-plus cases.', "This tastes like it could be anything from Chardonnay to Sauvignon Blanc to Grenache Blanc, but it's rich in honey, orange and buttered toastflavors. It's seems a little sweet, but it has a good cut of acidity.", "This may be a little soft and simple, but overall it is a tasty Merlot that's rich in milk chocolate and cherry jam, with a touch of smoky oak. Drink it at a party. END
START HERE This tastes like it could be anything from Chardonnay to Sauvignon Blanc to Grenache Blanc, but it's rich in honey, orange and buttered toastflavors. It's seems a little sweet, but it has a good cut of acidity.", "This may be a little soft and simple, but overall it is a tasty Merlot that's rich in milk chocolate and cherry jam, with a touch of smoky oak. Drink it at a party.", "Between Nantes and Angers, the small appellation of Coteaux d'Ancenis hugs the banks of the Loire. This rosé, with its fresh while also ripe strawberry fruits, is subtly textured with attractive acidity and lightly perfumed. Drink now. END
START HERE This may be a little soft and simple, but overall it is a tasty Merlot that's rich in milk chocolate and cherry jam, with a touch of smoky oak. Drink it at a party.", "Between Nantes and Angers, the small appellation of Coteaux d'Ancenis hugs the banks of the Loire. This rosé, with its fresh while also ripe strawberry fruits, is subtly textured with attractive acidity and lightly perfumed. Drink now.", 'Light aromas of herbs and citrus lead to fleshy fruit flavors with a lightly spritzy feel. Pair it with baked chicken. END
START HERE Between Nantes and Angers, the small appellation of Coteaux d'Ancenis hugs the banks of the Loire. This rosé, with its fresh while also ripe strawberry fruits, is subtly textured with attractive acidity and lightly perfumed. Drink now.", 'Light aromas of herbs and citrus lead to fleshy fruit flavors with a lightly spritzy feel. Pair it with baked chicken.', "A heavier, more vegetal style of Sauvignon Blanc, with aromas of alfalfa and peas. It's a struggle to find much ripe fruit in this wine, and instead it rests on flavors of melon, canned peas and bell pepper. A bit soft in texture as well. END
START HERE Light aromas of herbs and citrus lead to fleshy fruit flavors with a lightly spritzy feel. Pair it with baked chicken.', "A heavier, more vegetal style of Sauvignon Blanc, with aromas of alfalfa and peas. It's a struggle to find much ripe fruit in this wine, and instead it rests on flavors of melon, canned peas and bell pepper. A bit soft in texture as well.", 'This wine is soft in tannins and bursting exuberant fruit-bomb flavors. It is fresh, obviously young but drinkable as a great summer red. END
START HERE A heavier, more vegetal style of Sauvignon Blanc, with aromas of alfalfa and peas. It's a struggle to find much ripe fruit in this wine, and instead it rests on flavors of melon, canned peas and bell pepper. A bit soft in texture as well.", 'This wine is soft in tannins and bursting exuberant fruit-bomb flavors. It is fresh, obviously young but drinkable as a great summer red.', "A little rough and oily on the nose, with citrus and green notes. The palate is soft and melony in feel, with banana, papaya and other tropical flavors. Sweet and melony on the finish; won't last for very long. END
START HERE This wine is soft in tannins and bursting exuberant fruit-bomb flavors. It is fresh, obviously young but drinkable as a great summer red.', "A little rough and oily on the nose, with citrus and green notes. The palate is soft and melony in feel, with banana, papaya and other tropical flavors. Sweet and melony on the finish; won't last for very long.", "This Merlot over-delivers for the everyday price. It's bone dry and classically structured, with rich, ripe tannins and mouthwatering acidity framing flavors of cherries, red and black currants, dusty spices and cedar. Sommeliers, scoop this one up. More than 15,000 cases produced. END
START HERE A little rough and oily on the nose, with citrus and green notes. The palate is soft and melony in feel, with banana, papaya and other tropical flavors. Sweet and melony on the finish; won't last for very long.", "This Merlot over-delivers for the everyday price. It's bone dry and classically structured, with rich, ripe tannins and mouthwatering acidity framing flavors of cherries, red and black currants, dusty spices and cedar. Sommeliers, scoop this one up. More than 15,000 cases produced.", "There's lots of spicy richness in this slightly sweet Sauvignon Blanc. With zesty acidity, its flavors veer toward pineapples, limes, melons and vanilla. This should be versatile with all kinds of foods. END
START HERE This Merlot over-delivers for the everyday price. It's bone dry and classically structured, with rich, ripe tannins and mouthwatering acidity framing flavors of cherries, red and black currants, dusty spices and cedar. Sommeliers, scoop this one up. More than 15,000 cases produced.", "There's lots of spicy richness in this slightly sweet Sauvignon Blanc. With zesty acidity, its flavors veer toward pineapples, limes, melons and vanilla. This should be versatile with all kinds of foods.", 'This bright red blend from southern Italy offers modest aromas of black cherry, blackberry pie and crushed black pepper. The mouthfeel manages to be plush, clean and crisp at the same time. END
START HERE There's lots of spicy richness in this slightly sweet Sauvignon Blanc. With zesty acidity, its flavors veer toward pineapples, limes, melons and vanilla. This should be versatile with all kinds of foods.", 'This bright red blend from southern Italy offers modest aromas of black cherry, blackberry pie and crushed black pepper. The mouthfeel manages to be plush, clean and crisp at the same time.', 'Delicate scents of lemon and lime touched with bramble and earth waft from this off-dry Riesling. The palate is succulent and juicy with yellow peach and tangerine flavors, but marked by a tough edge of acidity that lingers through the finish. END
START HERE This bright red blend from southern Italy offers modest aromas of black cherry, blackberry pie and crushed black pepper. The mouthfeel manages to be plush, clean and crisp at the same time.', 'Delicate scents of lemon and lime touched with bramble and earth waft from this off-dry Riesling. The palate is succulent and juicy with yellow peach and tangerine flavors, but marked by a tough edge of acidity that lingers through the finish.', 'Garnet colored in the glass, this wine has a bouquet of cherry that is heightened by a striking note of bell pepper. It offers flavors of cranberry and pomegranate that meld into a zesty but persistent finish. END
START HERE Delicate scents of lemon and lime touched with bramble and earth waft from this off-dry Riesling. The palate is succulent and juicy with yellow peach and tangerine flavors, but marked by a tough edge of acidity that lingers through the finish.', 'Garnet colored in the glass, this wine has a bouquet of cherry that is heightened by a striking note of bell pepper. It offers flavors of cranberry and pomegranate that meld into a zesty but persistent finish.', "You can't beat the low price and overall good cheer of this fresh Italian Chardonnay in a screwtop bottle. The golden-colored wine reveals a soft and smooth texture accented by pretty aromas of stone fruit, honey and almond nut. END
START HERE Garnet colored in the glass, this wine has a bouquet of cherry that is heightened by a striking note of bell pepper. It offers flavors of cranberry and pomegranate that meld into a zesty but persistent finish.', "You can't beat the low price and overall good cheer of this fresh Italian Chardonnay in a screwtop bottle. The golden-colored wine reveals a soft and smooth texture accented by pretty aromas of stone fruit, honey and almond nut.", 'Made of 85% Sangiovese, 10% Merlot and 5% Syrah, this easygoing red has black-skinned fruit and baking spice aromas. The simple palate delivers red plum and leather flavors, supported by mellow tannins. Drink soon. END
START HERE You can't beat the low price and overall good cheer of this fresh Italian Chardonnay in a screwtop bottle. The golden-colored wine reveals a soft and smooth texture accented by pretty aromas of stone fruit, honey and almond nut.", 'Made of 85% Sangiovese, 10% Merlot and 5% Syrah, this easygoing red has black-skinned fruit and baking spice aromas. The simple palate delivers red plum and leather flavors, supported by mellow tannins. Drink soon.', 'The Grand Estates Chardonnay from Columbia Crest is consistently the most broadly fruity, round and oaky wine in the lineup (outside of the much pricier reserve). Apple, pear and peach fruit dominates, and the sometimes too-present, tarted up flavors of butter and vanilla have been brought back into better proportion in this 2006 bottling. Sure to be a popular style, this is one of the best vintages in the past five years. END
START HERE Made of 85% Sangiovese, 10% Merlot and 5% Syrah, this easygoing red has black-skinned fruit and baking spice aromas. The simple palate delivers red plum and leather flavors, supported by mellow tannins. Drink soon.', 'The Grand Estates Chardonnay from Columbia Crest is consistently the most broadly fruity, round and oaky wine in the lineup (outside of the much pricier reserve). Apple, pear and peach fruit dominates, and the sometimes too-present, tarted up flavors of butter and vanilla have been brought back into better proportion in this 2006 bottling. Sure to be a popular style, this is one of the best vintages in the past five years.', "Creamy and rooty at first, and then smokier and darker as it settles. For young Malbec it displays both a jammy fruit side and an acidic center. So there's both ripeness and heft but also a piercing sizzle. Perfectly good for parties and less-serious imbibing. END
START HERE The Grand Estates Chardonnay from Columbia Crest is consistently the most broadly fruity, round and oaky wine in the lineup (outside of the much pricier reserve). Apple, pear and peach fruit dominates, and the sometimes too-present, tarted up flavors of butter and vanilla have been brought back into better proportion in this 2006 bottling. Sure to be a popular style, this is one of the best vintages in the past five years.', "Creamy and rooty at first, and then smokier and darker as it settles. For young Malbec it displays both a jammy fruit side and an acidic center. So there's both ripeness and heft but also a piercing sizzle. Perfectly good for parties and less-serious imbibing.", 'A little mealy on the nose, with apple and melon aromas poking through. The palate is both pithy and sharp, with citric acids providing the basis for grapefruit and orange flavors. Pithy on the finish, with passionfruit notes. END
START HERE Creamy and rooty at first, and then smokier and darker as it settles. For young Malbec it displays both a jammy fruit side and an acidic center. So there's both ripeness and heft but also a piercing sizzle. Perfectly good for parties and less-serious imbibing.", 'A little mealy on the nose, with apple and melon aromas poking through. The palate is both pithy and sharp, with citric acids providing the basis for grapefruit and orange flavors. Pithy on the finish, with passionfruit notes.', 'Pretty good for a California-appellated Chard at this price, showing ripe flavors of pineapples, pears and green apples, with a touch of smoky vanilla from oak. Finishes a little too sweet, but lots of people will like that. END
START HERE A little mealy on the nose, with apple and melon aromas poking through. The palate is both pithy and sharp, with citric acids providing the basis for grapefruit and orange flavors. Pithy on the finish, with passionfruit notes.', 'Pretty good for a California-appellated Chard at this price, showing ripe flavors of pineapples, pears and green apples, with a touch of smoky vanilla from oak. Finishes a little too sweet, but lots of people will like that.', 'This features clean, straightforward apple-flavored fruit, a mix of both barrel fermented and tank fermented. The finish is lightly toasty and buttery, with a hint of warmth. END
START HERE Pretty good for a California-appellated Chard at this price, showing ripe flavors of pineapples, pears and green apples, with a touch of smoky vanilla from oak. Finishes a little too sweet, but lots of people will like that.', 'This features clean, straightforward apple-flavored fruit, a mix of both barrel fermented and tank fermented. The finish is lightly toasty and buttery, with a hint of warmth.', "This feels rustic in the mouth, with edgy tannins and a streak of green mint. Still, it's dry and silky, with enough raspberry and cherry fruit to satisfy. END
START HERE This features clean, straightforward apple-flavored fruit, a mix of both barrel fermented and tank fermented. The finish is lightly toasty and buttery, with a hint of warmth.', "This feels rustic in the mouth, with edgy tannins and a streak of green mint. Still, it's dry and silky, with enough raspberry and cherry fruit to satisfy.", "A fruity and fragrant selection, with upfront aromas of ripe strawberries, banana and peaches and cream. There's a bit more tension on the palate, with bracing acidity and flavors of small, tart red berries and white cherry. END
START HERE This feels rustic in the mouth, with edgy tannins and a streak of green mint. Still, it's dry and silky, with enough raspberry and cherry fruit to satisfy.", "A fruity and fragrant selection, with upfront aromas of ripe strawberries, banana and peaches and cream. There's a bit more tension on the palate, with bracing acidity and flavors of small, tart red berries and white cherry.", 'Brisk and elegant, this wine has an alpine feel that accentuates its lean, cutting profile. The palate is a tad austere, highlighting minerality and acidity over fruit, but a touch of white grapefruit peeks through nicely on the finish. END
START HERE A fruity and fragrant selection, with upfront aromas of ripe strawberries, banana and peaches and cream. There's a bit more tension on the palate, with bracing acidity and flavors of small, tart red berries and white cherry.", 'Brisk and elegant, this wine has an alpine feel that accentuates its lean, cutting profile. The palate is a tad austere, highlighting minerality and acidity over fruit, but a touch of white grapefruit peeks through nicely on the finish.', "Lots of acidity gives this Merlot a bite. It's bone dry and pretty thin in fruit, with a modicum of cherry and herb flavors. A solid wine to serve at big parties where no one's very fussy. END
START HERE Brisk and elegant, this wine has an alpine feel that accentuates its lean, cutting profile. The palate is a tad austere, highlighting minerality and acidity over fruit, but a touch of white grapefruit peeks through nicely on the finish.', "Lots of acidity gives this Merlot a bite. It's bone dry and pretty thin in fruit, with a modicum of cherry and herb flavors. A solid wine to serve at big parties where no one's very fussy.", "Pretty good Cabernet, fine for easy, inexpensive drinking. It's bone dry and modest in alcohol, with decent berry, cola and cedar flavors. END
START HERE Lots of acidity gives this Merlot a bite. It's bone dry and pretty thin in fruit, with a modicum of cherry and herb flavors. A solid wine to serve at big parties where no one's very fussy.", "Pretty good Cabernet, fine for easy, inexpensive drinking. It's bone dry and modest in alcohol, with decent berry, cola and cedar flavors.", 'This standard-issue Malbec is attractively priced and cohesively fruity without too many rough edges. The fruit tends more to red than dark with just a hint of vanilla on the finish. END
START HERE Pretty good Cabernet, fine for easy, inexpensive drinking. It's bone dry and modest in alcohol, with decent berry, cola and cedar flavors.", 'This standard-issue Malbec is attractively priced and cohesively fruity without too many rough edges. The fruit tends more to red than dark with just a hint of vanilla on the finish.', 'This is a straightforward easy-drinker with aromas of cantaloupe and kiwi leading to off-dry, lightly styled fruit flavors. END
START HERE This standard-issue Malbec is attractively priced and cohesively fruity without too many rough edges. The fruit tends more to red than dark with just a hint of vanilla on the finish.', 'This is a straightforward easy-drinker with aromas of cantaloupe and kiwi leading to off-dry, lightly styled fruit flavors.', "This is Bacchus vineyard fruit, as per normal – these vines are something like 35 years old. It's all stainless-steel fermented, aged on the lees and finished at 13% alcohol. Fruit flavors of peach and pineapple fill the mouth with round, lightly spicy flavors. It's ripe but not sweet, tart but not too citrusy. Good balance and texture through the finish. END
START HERE This is a straightforward easy-drinker with aromas of cantaloupe and kiwi leading to off-dry, lightly styled fruit flavors.', "This is Bacchus vineyard fruit, as per normal – these vines are something like 35 years old. It's all stainless-steel fermented, aged on the lees and finished at 13% alcohol. Fruit flavors of peach and pineapple fill the mouth with round, lightly spicy flavors. It's ripe but not sweet, tart but not too citrusy. Good balance and texture through the finish.", 'Sweet-tasting, jammy raspberry and cherry flavors abound in this Merlot. It should be easy to drink with burgers, enchiladas or ribs slathered in barbecue sauce. END
START HERE This is Bacchus vineyard fruit, as per normal – these vines are something like 35 years old. It's all stainless-steel fermented, aged on the lees and finished at 13% alcohol. Fruit flavors of peach and pineapple fill the mouth with round, lightly spicy flavors. It's ripe but not sweet, tart but not too citrusy. Good balance and texture through the finish.", 'Sweet-tasting, jammy raspberry and cherry flavors abound in this Merlot. It should be easy to drink with burgers, enchiladas or ribs slathered in barbecue sauce.', 'Loaded with vibrant jammy fruit, this is a bright Zinfandel that has a smoky grilled-meat note on the finish. Pair this with meaty dishes. END
START HERE Sweet-tasting, jammy raspberry and cherry flavors abound in this Merlot. It should be easy to drink with burgers, enchiladas or ribs slathered in barbecue sauce.', 'Loaded with vibrant jammy fruit, this is a bright Zinfandel that has a smoky grilled-meat note on the finish. Pair this with meaty dishes.', 'Aromas of cherry and plum are faint, while flavors of berry skin and citrus pith unfold on the light-weight palate. This is clean and approachable, with a short finish and subtle lingering astringency. END
START HERE Loaded with vibrant jammy fruit, this is a bright Zinfandel that has a smoky grilled-meat note on the finish. Pair this with meaty dishes.', 'Aromas of cherry and plum are faint, while flavors of berry skin and citrus pith unfold on the light-weight palate. This is clean and approachable, with a short finish and subtle lingering astringency.', "Nicely aromatic, with all that's good about affordable Malbec from Argentina: bold fruit, depth and some richness. The palate is plump and stocked with tasty blackberry, plum and raisin flavors, while the finish is sturdy and subtle. A good wine that should not offend anyone. END
START HERE Aromas of cherry and plum are faint, while flavors of berry skin and citrus pith unfold on the light-weight palate. This is clean and approachable, with a short finish and subtle lingering astringency.', "Nicely aromatic, with all that's good about affordable Malbec from Argentina: bold fruit, depth and some richness. The palate is plump and stocked with tasty blackberry, plum and raisin flavors, while the finish is sturdy and subtle. A good wine that should not offend anyone.", 'In the crowd-pleasing style that is the hallmark of the brand, this good value bottling shows bold vanilla and coconut aromas overlaying strawberry and cherry fruit. Raspberry coulis dominates the palate which offers just the faintest tannic grip. For near-term consumption. END
START HERE Nicely aromatic, with all that's good about affordable Malbec from Argentina: bold fruit, depth and some richness. The palate is plump and stocked with tasty blackberry, plum and raisin flavors, while the finish is sturdy and subtle. A good wine that should not offend anyone.", 'In the crowd-pleasing style that is the hallmark of the brand, this good value bottling shows bold vanilla and coconut aromas overlaying strawberry and cherry fruit. Raspberry coulis dominates the palate which offers just the faintest tannic grip. For near-term consumption.', 'Citrus aromas lead the nose, followed by feline notes, yeasty vanilla and green pepper scents. This wine has a citric, tangy, hard-driving palate. Flavors of orange, tangerine and grapefruit finish with zesty acidity. END
START HERE In the crowd-pleasing style that is the hallmark of the brand, this good value bottling shows bold vanilla and coconut aromas overlaying strawberry and cherry fruit. Raspberry coulis dominates the palate which offers just the faintest tannic grip. For near-term consumption.', 'Citrus aromas lead the nose, followed by feline notes, yeasty vanilla and green pepper scents. This wine has a citric, tangy, hard-driving palate. Flavors of orange, tangerine and grapefruit finish with zesty acidity.', "A nice Cab for the price due to the full-bodied richness and ripe fruity flavor. It's big in blackberry jam and spices, with a coating of smoky oak. Easy to find, with 115,000 cases produced. END
START HERE Citrus aromas lead the nose, followed by feline notes, yeasty vanilla and green pepper scents. This wine has a citric, tangy, hard-driving palate. Flavors of orange, tangerine and grapefruit finish with zesty acidity.', "A nice Cab for the price due to the full-bodied richness and ripe fruity flavor. It's big in blackberry jam and spices, with a coating of smoky oak. Easy to find, with 115,000 cases produced.", 'A wine that seems to be all tannin, all wood, with only a feel of black currant fruits underneath all this dryness. These flavors suggest high extraction, giving spice, a high toast wood character, all too much for a delicate 2007. END
START HERE A nice Cab for the price due to the full-bodied richness and ripe fruity flavor. It's big in blackberry jam and spices, with a coating of smoky oak. Easy to find, with 115,000 cases produced.", 'A wine that seems to be all tannin, all wood, with only a feel of black currant fruits underneath all this dryness. These flavors suggest high extraction, giving spice, a high toast wood character, all too much for a delicate 2007.', 'Peppery spice is as important here as ripe, luscious cherry and plum fruit: this blend unites the pepperiness of Austrian Zweigelt with the fleshy roundness of Merlot. There is a lick of vanilla on the finish to accompany the ripe fruit flavors. END
START HERE A wine that seems to be all tannin, all wood, with only a feel of black currant fruits underneath all this dryness. These flavors suggest high extraction, giving spice, a high toast wood character, all too much for a delicate 2007.', 'Peppery spice is as important here as ripe, luscious cherry and plum fruit: this blend unites the pepperiness of Austrian Zweigelt with the fleshy roundness of Merlot. There is a lick of vanilla on the finish to accompany the ripe fruit flavors.', "Lusciously jammy notes of preserved black cherry and raspberry are forward and friendly in this simple yet consistent Pinot Noir. It's briskly balanced in acidity and wraps up neatly on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Peppery spice is as important here as ripe, luscious cherry and plum fruit: this blend unites the pepperiness of Austrian Zweigelt with the fleshy roundness of Merlot. There is a lick of vanilla on the finish to accompany the ripe fruit flavors.', "Lusciously jammy notes of preserved black cherry and raspberry are forward and friendly in this simple yet consistent Pinot Noir. It's briskly balanced in acidity and wraps up neatly on the finish. Drink now.", 'Cherry, plum, berry and cassis aromas are standard and well presented. A full, approachable and balanced palate is home to ripe flavors of blackberry and cassis. For the price, this wine is generous, balanced and lasting. END
START HERE Lusciously jammy notes of preserved black cherry and raspberry are forward and friendly in this simple yet consistent Pinot Noir. It's briskly balanced in acidity and wraps up neatly on the finish. Drink now.", 'Cherry, plum, berry and cassis aromas are standard and well presented. A full, approachable and balanced palate is home to ripe flavors of blackberry and cassis. For the price, this wine is generous, balanced and lasting.', 'A touch of smoke precedes notes of ripe, black cherries and baked plums whose fruit becomes even fleshier on the rounded, fruit-forward and rather juicy palate of this blend. Tannins are very soft. Fresh acidity keeps the rounded fruit in check. Drink soon. END
START HERE Cherry, plum, berry and cassis aromas are standard and well presented. A full, approachable and balanced palate is home to ripe flavors of blackberry and cassis. For the price, this wine is generous, balanced and lasting.', 'A touch of smoke precedes notes of ripe, black cherries and baked plums whose fruit becomes even fleshier on the rounded, fruit-forward and rather juicy palate of this blend. Tannins are very soft. Fresh acidity keeps the rounded fruit in check. Drink soon.', "The opaque eggplant hue of this stunning value promises much—and what's in the glass delivers. Prominent oaky notes are layered over plum and high-toned floral aromas. Dense and voluptuous on the palate, with chewy tannins, this is a seriously ambitious wine that could benefit from a year or two in the bottle. END
START HERE A touch of smoke precedes notes of ripe, black cherries and baked plums whose fruit becomes even fleshier on the rounded, fruit-forward and rather juicy palate of this blend. Tannins are very soft. Fresh acidity keeps the rounded fruit in check. Drink soon.', "The opaque eggplant hue of this stunning value promises much—and what's in the glass delivers. Prominent oaky notes are layered over plum and high-toned floral aromas. Dense and voluptuous on the palate, with chewy tannins, this is a seriously ambitious wine that could benefit from a year or two in the bottle.", 'Light in weight, but quite tart and zesty in the mouth, this wine\'s green apple and lime flavors deliver a touch of sweetness despite the "dry" moniker. END
START HERE The opaque eggplant hue of this stunning value promises much—and what's in the glass delivers. Prominent oaky notes are layered over plum and high-toned floral aromas. Dense and voluptuous on the palate, with chewy tannins, this is a seriously ambitious wine that could benefit from a year or two in the bottle.", 'Light in weight, but quite tart and zesty in the mouth, this wine\'s green apple and lime flavors deliver a touch of sweetness despite the "dry" moniker.', "Tortoise Creek makes bargain wines from the Languedoc region of France as well as from Lodi. “The Chelonian” is a new label a portion of the proceeds of which will go to the Chelonian Research Foundation to help benefit the conservation of turtles and tortoises. The wine itself is a decent representation of Lodi's bigger, more raisiny style. END
START HERE Light in weight, but quite tart and zesty in the mouth, this wine\'s green apple and lime flavors deliver a touch of sweetness despite the "dry" moniker.', "Tortoise Creek makes bargain wines from the Languedoc region of France as well as from Lodi. “The Chelonian” is a new label a portion of the proceeds of which will go to the Chelonian Research Foundation to help benefit the conservation of turtles and tortoises. The wine itself is a decent representation of Lodi's bigger, more raisiny style.", "Drink this easy Merlot at parties with burgers and pizzas. It's soft and dryish, with a candied cherry flavor. END
START HERE Tortoise Creek makes bargain wines from the Languedoc region of France as well as from Lodi. “The Chelonian” is a new label a portion of the proceeds of which will go to the Chelonian Research Foundation to help benefit the conservation of turtles and tortoises. The wine itself is a decent representation of Lodi's bigger, more raisiny style.", "Drink this easy Merlot at parties with burgers and pizzas. It's soft and dryish, with a candied cherry flavor.", 'Bursting with bold, fully ripe fruit notes of pear and peach, followed up with tropical notes, this is a lush fruit bomb of a Chardonnay to drink over the near term (3–4 months). END
START HERE Drink this easy Merlot at parties with burgers and pizzas. It's soft and dryish, with a candied cherry flavor.", 'Bursting with bold, fully ripe fruit notes of pear and peach, followed up with tropical notes, this is a lush fruit bomb of a Chardonnay to drink over the near term (3–4 months).', "Whiffs of smoke and spice add complexity to this remarkably inexpensive, tasty Riesling. Off dry in style, with delicate white peach and apricot flavors, it's brightened by lime acidity and hints of savory herbs. Drink now. END
START HERE Bursting with bold, fully ripe fruit notes of pear and peach, followed up with tropical notes, this is a lush fruit bomb of a Chardonnay to drink over the near term (3–4 months).', "Whiffs of smoke and spice add complexity to this remarkably inexpensive, tasty Riesling. Off dry in style, with delicate white peach and apricot flavors, it's brightened by lime acidity and hints of savory herbs. Drink now.", 'Aromas of tomato, plum and spice are fresh and medium in intensity. Flavors of plum, olive, spice and mild oak finish with toasty barrel notes and a spot of licorice. END
START HERE Whiffs of smoke and spice add complexity to this remarkably inexpensive, tasty Riesling. Off dry in style, with delicate white peach and apricot flavors, it's brightened by lime acidity and hints of savory herbs. Drink now.", 'Aromas of tomato, plum and spice are fresh and medium in intensity. Flavors of plum, olive, spice and mild oak finish with toasty barrel notes and a spot of licorice.', 'Dark and minty smelling, this bears hints of blackberry, perfume and violet. It feels good and not too forceful, with regular Malbec flavors of dark fruit, red plum and spice. The finish is firm and slightly medicinal. END
START HERE Aromas of tomato, plum and spice are fresh and medium in intensity. Flavors of plum, olive, spice and mild oak finish with toasty barrel notes and a spot of licorice.', 'Dark and minty smelling, this bears hints of blackberry, perfume and violet. It feels good and not too forceful, with regular Malbec flavors of dark fruit, red plum and spice. The finish is firm and slightly medicinal.', 'Hints of nuts add a savory tone to subtle apple flavors on this dry Chardonnay. Tart, crisp lemon and lime acidity on the midpalate makes it effortlessly refreshing, leading to a pleasant honey and floral note on the finish. END
START HERE Dark and minty smelling, this bears hints of blackberry, perfume and violet. It feels good and not too forceful, with regular Malbec flavors of dark fruit, red plum and spice. The finish is firm and slightly medicinal.', 'Hints of nuts add a savory tone to subtle apple flavors on this dry Chardonnay. Tart, crisp lemon and lime acidity on the midpalate makes it effortlessly refreshing, leading to a pleasant honey and floral note on the finish.', 'Made of 80% Sangiovese, 10% Canaiolo, 5% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Trebbiano, this opens with violet and underbrush notes. The light-bodied palate offers red plum fruit with a hint of brown spice, framed by simple tannins. Enjoy soon. END
START HERE Hints of nuts add a savory tone to subtle apple flavors on this dry Chardonnay. Tart, crisp lemon and lime acidity on the midpalate makes it effortlessly refreshing, leading to a pleasant honey and floral note on the finish.', 'Made of 80% Sangiovese, 10% Canaiolo, 5% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Trebbiano, this opens with violet and underbrush notes. The light-bodied palate offers red plum fruit with a hint of brown spice, framed by simple tannins. Enjoy soon.', 'This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot has aromas of coffee, black cherry and dark chocolate. It is tart in the mouth, with flavors of cherry and red raspberry. END
START HERE Made of 80% Sangiovese, 10% Canaiolo, 5% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Trebbiano, this opens with violet and underbrush notes. The light-bodied palate offers red plum fruit with a hint of brown spice, framed by simple tannins. Enjoy soon.', 'This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot has aromas of coffee, black cherry and dark chocolate. It is tart in the mouth, with flavors of cherry and red raspberry.', "With high acidity making for a stinging mouthfeel, and 1.3% residual sugar giving some, but not enough, soft relief, the result is a compromise between a sweet and a dry wine, which will satisfy fans of neither. Still, it's ultraclean, and the apple and honeysuckle flavors are appealing. END
START HERE This blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot has aromas of coffee, black cherry and dark chocolate. It is tart in the mouth, with flavors of cherry and red raspberry.', "With high acidity making for a stinging mouthfeel, and 1.3% residual sugar giving some, but not enough, soft relief, the result is a compromise between a sweet and a dry wine, which will satisfy fans of neither. Still, it's ultraclean, and the apple and honeysuckle flavors are appealing.", 'Who knew Ohio made such tasty Chardonnay? Bright and fresh, with scents of green apple, pear, fresh herbs and just a hint of nut oil. This dry, medium-bodied wine offsets juicy flavors of nectarines and apples against a backdrop of sweet cream and white flowers that lingers on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE With high acidity making for a stinging mouthfeel, and 1.3% residual sugar giving some, but not enough, soft relief, the result is a compromise between a sweet and a dry wine, which will satisfy fans of neither. Still, it's ultraclean, and the apple and honeysuckle flavors are appealing.", 'Who knew Ohio made such tasty Chardonnay? Bright and fresh, with scents of green apple, pear, fresh herbs and just a hint of nut oil. This dry, medium-bodied wine offsets juicy flavors of nectarines and apples against a backdrop of sweet cream and white flowers that lingers on the finish. Drink now.', "Attractive and fruity, this is bright and crisp. It does have some weight and a backdrop of ripe strawberries. But it's the fresh acidity that gives lift and freshness. Drink now. END
START HERE Who knew Ohio made such tasty Chardonnay? Bright and fresh, with scents of green apple, pear, fresh herbs and just a hint of nut oil. This dry, medium-bodied wine offsets juicy flavors of nectarines and apples against a backdrop of sweet cream and white flowers that lingers on the finish. Drink now.', "Attractive and fruity, this is bright and crisp. It does have some weight and a backdrop of ripe strawberries. But it's the fresh acidity that gives lift and freshness. Drink now.", 'Sweaty and sharp on the nose, with punchy, oily, green aromas. The palate is wet and basic in feel, with nettle, grapefruit and passionfruit flavors. Good in terms of core qualities but not all that intense or layered. A basic wine for general consumption. END
START HERE Attractive and fruity, this is bright and crisp. It does have some weight and a backdrop of ripe strawberries. But it's the fresh acidity that gives lift and freshness. Drink now.", 'Sweaty and sharp on the nose, with punchy, oily, green aromas. The palate is wet and basic in feel, with nettle, grapefruit and passionfruit flavors. Good in terms of core qualities but not all that intense or layered. A basic wine for general consumption.', "Lean and crisp in style, this is citrusy through and through. Although a bit one-dimensional, it's clean and refreshing, with a pleasantly affordable price tag. END
START HERE Sweaty and sharp on the nose, with punchy, oily, green aromas. The palate is wet and basic in feel, with nettle, grapefruit and passionfruit flavors. Good in terms of core qualities but not all that intense or layered. A basic wine for general consumption.', "Lean and crisp in style, this is citrusy through and through. Although a bit one-dimensional, it's clean and refreshing, with a pleasantly affordable price tag.", 'Leafy, spicy red-berry aromas suggest asphalt. This is pleasant on the palate, with rubbery tannins. Flavors of rose water, raspberry and plum are light and floral, while the finish is easygoing. END
START HERE Lean and crisp in style, this is citrusy through and through. Although a bit one-dimensional, it's clean and refreshing, with a pleasantly affordable price tag.", 'Leafy, spicy red-berry aromas suggest asphalt. This is pleasant on the palate, with rubbery tannins. Flavors of rose water, raspberry and plum are light and floral, while the finish is easygoing.', "Licorice and char on the nose hint at size and ripeness, but the palate does not deliver. Tart raspberry and red-plum flavors are sweet for a fleeting moment and then decidedly sour, while the finish is bland. Shows a few positives but overall it's too snappy and sharp for Malbec. END
START HERE Leafy, spicy red-berry aromas suggest asphalt. This is pleasant on the palate, with rubbery tannins. Flavors of rose water, raspberry and plum are light and floral, while the finish is easygoing.', "Licorice and char on the nose hint at size and ripeness, but the palate does not deliver. Tart raspberry and red-plum flavors are sweet for a fleeting moment and then decidedly sour, while the finish is bland. Shows a few positives but overall it's too snappy and sharp for Malbec.", 'Aromas of bramble fruits and strawberry are followed by red and black fruit and spice in this easygoing red. Bursts of strawberry and red fruit mingle with rich spice and a dry finish. Pair with game, pasta dishes. END
START HERE Licorice and char on the nose hint at size and ripeness, but the palate does not deliver. Tart raspberry and red-plum flavors are sweet for a fleeting moment and then decidedly sour, while the finish is bland. Shows a few positives but overall it's too snappy and sharp for Malbec.", 'Aromas of bramble fruits and strawberry are followed by red and black fruit and spice in this easygoing red. Bursts of strawberry and red fruit mingle with rich spice and a dry finish. Pair with game, pasta dishes.', 'Oily and funky on the nose, with a custardy, eggy undercurrent. The palate is oily and dull, while the flavors are of bitter citrus, pith and banana. In two words: not great. END
START HERE Aromas of bramble fruits and strawberry are followed by red and black fruit and spice in this easygoing red. Bursts of strawberry and red fruit mingle with rich spice and a dry finish. Pair with game, pasta dishes.', 'Oily and funky on the nose, with a custardy, eggy undercurrent. The palate is oily and dull, while the flavors are of bitter citrus, pith and banana. In two words: not great.', "This plump, dry rosé features hints of wet stone, strawberry and barely ripe melon. It's vibrant, refreshing and an ideal thirst-quencher for the warm months ahead. END
START HERE Oily and funky on the nose, with a custardy, eggy undercurrent. The palate is oily and dull, while the flavors are of bitter citrus, pith and banana. In two words: not great.', "This plump, dry rosé features hints of wet stone, strawberry and barely ripe melon. It's vibrant, refreshing and an ideal thirst-quencher for the warm months ahead.", 'Rustic and country-style, this Cab has juicy berry flavors wrapped into rough, green tannins. Turns sugary sweet on the finish. END
START HERE This plump, dry rosé features hints of wet stone, strawberry and barely ripe melon. It's vibrant, refreshing and an ideal thirst-quencher for the warm months ahead.", 'Rustic and country-style, this Cab has juicy berry flavors wrapped into rough, green tannins. Turns sugary sweet on the finish.', 'Tarry berry aromas come with notes of olive, rubber and eucalyptus. A tight, racy palate is driven by acidity, while this tastes of herbal plum and lightly salted tomato sauce. Woody, herbal berry flavors are spicy and a bit green. END
START HERE Rustic and country-style, this Cab has juicy berry flavors wrapped into rough, green tannins. Turns sugary sweet on the finish.', 'Tarry berry aromas come with notes of olive, rubber and eucalyptus. A tight, racy palate is driven by acidity, while this tastes of herbal plum and lightly salted tomato sauce. Woody, herbal berry flavors are spicy and a bit green.', 'A sharp, acidic wine that feels rustic in the mouth. It has sweetenend wild berry, clove and pepper flavors. END
START HERE Tarry berry aromas come with notes of olive, rubber and eucalyptus. A tight, racy palate is driven by acidity, while this tastes of herbal plum and lightly salted tomato sauce. Woody, herbal berry flavors are spicy and a bit green.', 'A sharp, acidic wine that feels rustic in the mouth. It has sweetenend wild berry, clove and pepper flavors.', 'Hailing from the interior Maipo Valley, this SB is oily up front, with an aromatic note of gooseberry and lime. A round mouthfeel matches the nose, while pithy lime and white grapefruit flavors finish melony and oddly honeyed. END
START HERE A sharp, acidic wine that feels rustic in the mouth. It has sweetenend wild berry, clove and pepper flavors.', 'Hailing from the interior Maipo Valley, this SB is oily up front, with an aromatic note of gooseberry and lime. A round mouthfeel matches the nose, while pithy lime and white grapefruit flavors finish melony and oddly honeyed.', 'Plump, sweet and creamy in texture, with apple and citrus flavors that offer simple, straightforward pleasure. Good quality, impressive for the 50,000 cases produced. END
START HERE Hailing from the interior Maipo Valley, this SB is oily up front, with an aromatic note of gooseberry and lime. A round mouthfeel matches the nose, while pithy lime and white grapefruit flavors finish melony and oddly honeyed.', 'Plump, sweet and creamy in texture, with apple and citrus flavors that offer simple, straightforward pleasure. Good quality, impressive for the 50,000 cases produced.', 'Fairly hard on the nose, with a hint of plastic and then raspberry and plum aromas rising as it settles. The palate shows decent zest and body along with narrow flavors of berry and pepper. Finishes with mild intensity and a note of saline. END
START HERE Plump, sweet and creamy in texture, with apple and citrus flavors that offer simple, straightforward pleasure. Good quality, impressive for the 50,000 cases produced.', 'Fairly hard on the nose, with a hint of plastic and then raspberry and plum aromas rising as it settles. The palate shows decent zest and body along with narrow flavors of berry and pepper. Finishes with mild intensity and a note of saline.', 'Made from Loire Valley fruit, this has the tangy, herbal character typical of cool-climate wines. Drink now. END
START HERE Fairly hard on the nose, with a hint of plastic and then raspberry and plum aromas rising as it settles. The palate shows decent zest and body along with narrow flavors of berry and pepper. Finishes with mild intensity and a note of saline.', 'Made from Loire Valley fruit, this has the tangy, herbal character typical of cool-climate wines. Drink now.', 'Airy smelling, with citrus and grass aromas brewing underneath. Has a wet, simple, refreshing feel and rather intense flavors of lime, tangerine and other citrus fruits. Cuts a direct path. END
START HERE Made from Loire Valley fruit, this has the tangy, herbal character typical of cool-climate wines. Drink now.', 'Airy smelling, with citrus and grass aromas brewing underneath. Has a wet, simple, refreshing feel and rather intense flavors of lime, tangerine and other citrus fruits. Cuts a direct path.', 'This soft, although food friendly wine has a creamy character and touch of vanilla. The ripe melon and apricot fruit are balanced with the acidity and the warm texture. This is an enticing ripe wine that is ready to drink. END
START HERE Airy smelling, with citrus and grass aromas brewing underneath. Has a wet, simple, refreshing feel and rather intense flavors of lime, tangerine and other citrus fruits. Cuts a direct path.', 'This soft, although food friendly wine has a creamy character and touch of vanilla. The ripe melon and apricot fruit are balanced with the acidity and the warm texture. This is an enticing ripe wine that is ready to drink.', 'Clean and fresh with medium-intense aromas and flavors of watermelon rind, carnation, red cranberry and a touch of green banana. Balanced and straightforward, and easy to find with 5,000 cases imported. END
START HERE This soft, although food friendly wine has a creamy character and touch of vanilla. The ripe melon and apricot fruit are balanced with the acidity and the warm texture. This is an enticing ripe wine that is ready to drink.', 'Clean and fresh with medium-intense aromas and flavors of watermelon rind, carnation, red cranberry and a touch of green banana. Balanced and straightforward, and easy to find with 5,000 cases imported.', 'Light and easy-drinking with fresh notes of lemon citrus, watercress and a touch of wild field grass. Clean acidity and herbal flavors carry through the palate to the crisp finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Clean and fresh with medium-intense aromas and flavors of watermelon rind, carnation, red cranberry and a touch of green banana. Balanced and straightforward, and easy to find with 5,000 cases imported.', 'Light and easy-drinking with fresh notes of lemon citrus, watercress and a touch of wild field grass. Clean acidity and herbal flavors carry through the palate to the crisp finish. Drink now.', 'Opens slightly muddled and murky, but then it spreads out toward earthy and mossy. The palate has a lean, dry feel along with simple berry and plum flavors. Finishes with a spicy aftertaste and it improves with time in the glass. END
START HERE Light and easy-drinking with fresh notes of lemon citrus, watercress and a touch of wild field grass. Clean acidity and herbal flavors carry through the palate to the crisp finish. Drink now.', 'Opens slightly muddled and murky, but then it spreads out toward earthy and mossy. The palate has a lean, dry feel along with simple berry and plum flavors. Finishes with a spicy aftertaste and it improves with time in the glass.', 'Produced in Anjou, this is a totally crisp wine, with lemon and fresh gooseberry flavors that just burst from the glass. It is bright and fruity, with just a touch of mineral texture to add interest at the end. END
START HERE Opens slightly muddled and murky, but then it spreads out toward earthy and mossy. The palate has a lean, dry feel along with simple berry and plum flavors. Finishes with a spicy aftertaste and it improves with time in the glass.', 'Produced in Anjou, this is a totally crisp wine, with lemon and fresh gooseberry flavors that just burst from the glass. It is bright and fruity, with just a touch of mineral texture to add interest at the end.', 'Ripe fruit dominates this forward, fruity wine. Caramel and blackberry flavors and firm tannins combine to make a wine that is almost ready to drink. END
START HERE Produced in Anjou, this is a totally crisp wine, with lemon and fresh gooseberry flavors that just burst from the glass. It is bright and fruity, with just a touch of mineral texture to add interest at the end.', 'Ripe fruit dominates this forward, fruity wine. Caramel and blackberry flavors and firm tannins combine to make a wine that is almost ready to drink.', "Bright and tart, almost sour. This is the style of rosé you want on a hot summer day. Chill it well down and drink it like a stainless-fermented white wine. The alcohol is barely over 12%––it won't hurt!. END
START HERE Ripe fruit dominates this forward, fruity wine. Caramel and blackberry flavors and firm tannins combine to make a wine that is almost ready to drink.', "Bright and tart, almost sour. This is the style of rosé you want on a hot summer day. Chill it well down and drink it like a stainless-fermented white wine. The alcohol is barely over 12%––it won't hurt!", 'In this easy-drinking wine, jammy aromas of multiple black fruits lead to a soft, simple palate with a streak of bracing tartaric acid. Straightforward blackberry flavors come with little to no complexity, while the finish is quick and fades away with modest grip and length. END
START HERE Bright and tart, almost sour. This is the style of rosé you want on a hot summer day. Chill it well down and drink it like a stainless-fermented white wine. The alcohol is barely over 12%––it won't hurt!", 'In this easy-drinking wine, jammy aromas of multiple black fruits lead to a soft, simple palate with a streak of bracing tartaric acid. Straightforward blackberry flavors come with little to no complexity, while the finish is quick and fades away with modest grip and length.', 'The creamy, spicy nose of this elegant Chardonnay is followed by a balanced combination of fresh fruit and mellow spice. Flavorful but not overly complex, the wine will pair well with seafood and richer poultry dishes. END
START HERE In this easy-drinking wine, jammy aromas of multiple black fruits lead to a soft, simple palate with a streak of bracing tartaric acid. Straightforward blackberry flavors come with little to no complexity, while the finish is quick and fades away with modest grip and length.', 'The creamy, spicy nose of this elegant Chardonnay is followed by a balanced combination of fresh fruit and mellow spice. Flavorful but not overly complex, the wine will pair well with seafood and richer poultry dishes.', "A bit of complexity dances across the bouquet: there's rubber, wood, anisette and mute red fruit; there's also some minty green aromas, too. The palate is properly round and buttery, with ample red-fruit flavors, while the finish is smooth and mostly satisfying. This is a basic Cabernet, but a good one. END
START HERE The creamy, spicy nose of this elegant Chardonnay is followed by a balanced combination of fresh fruit and mellow spice. Flavorful but not overly complex, the wine will pair well with seafood and richer poultry dishes.', "A bit of complexity dances across the bouquet: there's rubber, wood, anisette and mute red fruit; there's also some minty green aromas, too. The palate is properly round and buttery, with ample red-fruit flavors, while the finish is smooth and mostly satisfying. This is a basic Cabernet, but a good one.", "Stainless steel fermented and aged Chardonnay (eg ‘nakedEND is becoming commonplace, but few offer as much snap and juicy fruitiness as this one. It's a great, round mouthful of grape juice, crisp green apple and suggestions of pineapple and citrus. A little fresh herb rounds out the finish. END
START HERE A bit of complexity dances across the bouquet: there's rubber, wood, anisette and mute red fruit; there's also some minty green aromas, too. The palate is properly round and buttery, with ample red-fruit flavors, while the finish is smooth and mostly satisfying. This is a basic Cabernet, but a good one.", "Stainless steel fermented and aged Chardonnay (eg ‘nakedEND is becoming commonplace, but few offer as much snap and juicy fruitiness as this one. It's a great, round mouthful of grape juice, crisp green apple and suggestions of pineapple and citrus. A little fresh herb rounds out the finish.", "In Pinot Noir, you get what you pay for. Granted, MaManis's 2010 is a pretty simple wine. But it is classic in the silky structure and pleasant raspberry and cherry flavors, touched with smoky oak, and is one of the better Pinots at this price. END
START HERE Stainless steel fermented and aged Chardonnay (eg ‘nakedEND is becoming commonplace, but few offer as much snap and juicy fruitiness as this one. It's a great, round mouthful of grape juice, crisp green apple and suggestions of pineapple and citrus. A little fresh herb rounds out the finish.", "In Pinot Noir, you get what you pay for. Granted, MaManis's 2010 is a pretty simple wine. But it is classic in the silky structure and pleasant raspberry and cherry flavors, touched with smoky oak, and is one of the better Pinots at this price.", "This wine is meant to capture the American spirit in grapes grown across America. The wine lacks distinct personality, with just a tease of blackberry and spice that's characteristic of the variety, yet in a somewhat reduced, generic way. END
START HERE In Pinot Noir, you get what you pay for. Granted, MaManis's 2010 is a pretty simple wine. But it is classic in the silky structure and pleasant raspberry and cherry flavors, touched with smoky oak, and is one of the better Pinots at this price.", "This wine is meant to capture the American spirit in grapes grown across America. The wine lacks distinct personality, with just a tease of blackberry and spice that's characteristic of the variety, yet in a somewhat reduced, generic way.", 'Aromas of bath soap and apple come in front of a creamy, round, oily palate. Honeydew, date and vanilla flavors make for a ripe set of flavors, while toast and caramel notes come up on the finish. END
START HERE This wine is meant to capture the American spirit in grapes grown across America. The wine lacks distinct personality, with just a tease of blackberry and spice that's characteristic of the variety, yet in a somewhat reduced, generic way.", 'Aromas of bath soap and apple come in front of a creamy, round, oily palate. Honeydew, date and vanilla flavors make for a ripe set of flavors, while toast and caramel notes come up on the finish.', "This wine has an attractive salmon-pink color followed by ripe caramel and spice flavors. The fruit and acidity don't feature as strongly, so the end result is a wine that is fat. END
START HERE Aromas of bath soap and apple come in front of a creamy, round, oily palate. Honeydew, date and vanilla flavors make for a ripe set of flavors, while toast and caramel notes come up on the finish.', "This wine has an attractive salmon-pink color followed by ripe caramel and spice flavors. The fruit and acidity don't feature as strongly, so the end result is a wine that is fat.", 'Smells and tastes slightly sour, with simple flavors of pineapple and citrus that finish with a tart edge. END
START HERE This wine has an attractive salmon-pink color followed by ripe caramel and spice flavors. The fruit and acidity don't feature as strongly, so the end result is a wine that is fat.", 'Smells and tastes slightly sour, with simple flavors of pineapple and citrus that finish with a tart edge.', 'Dry and tart, with flavors of pineapples, apples, vanilla and toast. A solid Chardonnay at an everyday price. END
START HERE Smells and tastes slightly sour, with simple flavors of pineapple and citrus that finish with a tart edge.', 'Dry and tart, with flavors of pineapples, apples, vanilla and toast. A solid Chardonnay at an everyday price.', 'Crisp aromas bring both tropical shadings and mild grassy scents. The palate offers the right meshing of acidity and pulp. Tastes right, with lime and passion fruit leading the charge. A dry, clean style of SB with only a touch of green. END
START HERE Dry and tart, with flavors of pineapples, apples, vanilla and toast. A solid Chardonnay at an everyday price.', 'Crisp aromas bring both tropical shadings and mild grassy scents. The palate offers the right meshing of acidity and pulp. Tastes right, with lime and passion fruit leading the charge. A dry, clean style of SB with only a touch of green.', "Usually Natura is better than this; this hot-vintage wine shows animal notes, spice and jumpy plum and cherry aromas. It's edgy and raw in feel, with hollow, green-leaning flavors and minty oak. An echo of green rattles across the finish. END
START HERE Crisp aromas bring both tropical shadings and mild grassy scents. The palate offers the right meshing of acidity and pulp. Tastes right, with lime and passion fruit leading the charge. A dry, clean style of SB with only a touch of green.', "Usually Natura is better than this; this hot-vintage wine shows animal notes, spice and jumpy plum and cherry aromas. It's edgy and raw in feel, with hollow, green-leaning flavors and minty oak. An echo of green rattles across the finish.", 'With the number of really good dessert wines available for under $12 per bottle severely limited, this is a refreshing ray of golden sweetness. Dried apricots add enough citrus pith to partially balance out the intensely sweet flavors. Drink in the lusciousness over the next couple of years. END
START HERE Usually Natura is better than this; this hot-vintage wine shows animal notes, spice and jumpy plum and cherry aromas. It's edgy and raw in feel, with hollow, green-leaning flavors and minty oak. An echo of green rattles across the finish.", 'With the number of really good dessert wines available for under $12 per bottle severely limited, this is a refreshing ray of golden sweetness. Dried apricots add enough citrus pith to partially balance out the intensely sweet flavors. Drink in the lusciousness over the next couple of years.', "Opens with earthy muscle but the nose soon loses focus and freshness as it transitions to rubber and paste along with berry fruit. Hard tannins work the driving palate, while the flavors are of black plum, grape jelly and herbs. Decent but doesn't inspire. END
START HERE With the number of really good dessert wines available for under $12 per bottle severely limited, this is a refreshing ray of golden sweetness. Dried apricots add enough citrus pith to partially balance out the intensely sweet flavors. Drink in the lusciousness over the next couple of years.', "Opens with earthy muscle but the nose soon loses focus and freshness as it transitions to rubber and paste along with berry fruit. Hard tannins work the driving palate, while the flavors are of black plum, grape jelly and herbs. Decent but doesn't inspire.", 'The blend is Zinfandel, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah. The wine is soft and luscious, with cherry candy and vanilla flavors. END
START HERE Opens with earthy muscle but the nose soon loses focus and freshness as it transitions to rubber and paste along with berry fruit. Hard tannins work the driving palate, while the flavors are of black plum, grape jelly and herbs. Decent but doesn't inspire.", 'The blend is Zinfandel, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah. The wine is soft and luscious, with cherry candy and vanilla flavors.', "The addition of 9% Traminette lends a blossomy flair to fresh apple and tangerine notes in this bright, unoaked Chardonnay. Brisk and revitalizing, with a zesty lime-toned acidity, it's a satisfying late-summer quaffer at a bargain price. END
START HERE The blend is Zinfandel, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah. The wine is soft and luscious, with cherry candy and vanilla flavors.', "The addition of 9% Traminette lends a blossomy flair to fresh apple and tangerine notes in this bright, unoaked Chardonnay. Brisk and revitalizing, with a zesty lime-toned acidity, it's a satisfying late-summer quaffer at a bargain price.", 'With just a hint of lemon and earth on the nose, the slightly dilute palate gives clean-cut freshness and easy, citric charm. END
START HERE The addition of 9% Traminette lends a blossomy flair to fresh apple and tangerine notes in this bright, unoaked Chardonnay. Brisk and revitalizing, with a zesty lime-toned acidity, it's a satisfying late-summer quaffer at a bargain price.", 'With just a hint of lemon and earth on the nose, the slightly dilute palate gives clean-cut freshness and easy, citric charm.', "Peach and faint berry flavors in a light, crisp rosé with just a hint of residual sugar. A versatile picnic wine that's a cheerful copper hue to boot. END
START HERE With just a hint of lemon and earth on the nose, the slightly dilute palate gives clean-cut freshness and easy, citric charm.', "Peach and faint berry flavors in a light, crisp rosé with just a hint of residual sugar. A versatile picnic wine that's a cheerful copper hue to boot.", "Ripe with cherry-berry juiciness, this is a value-priced Zin that's straightforward all around, with a bitter taste to the finish. END
START HERE Peach and faint berry flavors in a light, crisp rosé with just a hint of residual sugar. A versatile picnic wine that's a cheerful copper hue to boot.", "Ripe with cherry-berry juiciness, this is a value-priced Zin that's straightforward all around, with a bitter taste to the finish.", 'This wine is dry, with a hint of oaky vanilla and buttered toast. Rich orange, peach and honey flavors are brightened by a burst of citrusy acidity. END
START HERE Ripe with cherry-berry juiciness, this is a value-priced Zin that's straightforward all around, with a bitter taste to the finish.", 'This wine is dry, with a hint of oaky vanilla and buttered toast. Rich orange, peach and honey flavors are brightened by a burst of citrusy acidity.', 'A touch of vanilla and sweet oak graces the brambly black berry aromas and flavors in this wine. Medium weight and round in the mouth with fine tannins and a lively finish. Drink now. END
START HERE This wine is dry, with a hint of oaky vanilla and buttered toast. Rich orange, peach and honey flavors are brightened by a burst of citrusy acidity.', 'A touch of vanilla and sweet oak graces the brambly black berry aromas and flavors in this wine. Medium weight and round in the mouth with fine tannins and a lively finish. Drink now.', 'Made from undisclosed varieties, this is a toughly textured, rugged wine. It has sweet, jammy flavors of red berries, cola and spices. END
START HERE A touch of vanilla and sweet oak graces the brambly black berry aromas and flavors in this wine. Medium weight and round in the mouth with fine tannins and a lively finish. Drink now.', 'Made from undisclosed varieties, this is a toughly textured, rugged wine. It has sweet, jammy flavors of red berries, cola and spices.', 'Bright cherry and cedary aromas open to a soft mouthfeel and tart blackberry flavors with black toast shadings. The dark flavors and light mouthfeel are a bit out of sync, as if the flavor range demands more weight on the palate. Tart black fruits show on the finish. END
START HERE Made from undisclosed varieties, this is a toughly textured, rugged wine. It has sweet, jammy flavors of red berries, cola and spices.', 'Bright cherry and cedary aromas open to a soft mouthfeel and tart blackberry flavors with black toast shadings. The dark flavors and light mouthfeel are a bit out of sync, as if the flavor range demands more weight on the palate. Tart black fruits show on the finish.', 'Obviously young and still showing the brief wood aging, this is an attractive and juicy wine with ripe red berry fruits, spice from the wood and a soft texture. It should be ready to drink by 2015. END
START HERE Bright cherry and cedary aromas open to a soft mouthfeel and tart blackberry flavors with black toast shadings. The dark flavors and light mouthfeel are a bit out of sync, as if the flavor range demands more weight on the palate. Tart black fruits show on the finish.', 'Obviously young and still showing the brief wood aging, this is an attractive and juicy wine with ripe red berry fruits, spice from the wood and a soft texture. It should be ready to drink by 2015.', 'Roasted and smelling a touch bricky, this also has full aromas of berry and black plum. Feels grabby but honest, with baked black-fruit flavors, chocolate, mocha and coffee. Jammy and deep on the finish, with earthy, chocolaty notes. A blend of 60% Garnacha with 20% each of Syrah and Merlot. END
START HERE Obviously young and still showing the brief wood aging, this is an attractive and juicy wine with ripe red berry fruits, spice from the wood and a soft texture. It should be ready to drink by 2015.', 'Roasted and smelling a touch bricky, this also has full aromas of berry and black plum. Feels grabby but honest, with baked black-fruit flavors, chocolate, mocha and coffee. Jammy and deep on the finish, with earthy, chocolaty notes. A blend of 60% Garnacha with 20% each of Syrah and Merlot.', 'For a Bordeaux rosé, this is an unusual blend with 80% Cabernet Franc. That gives the wine its fine perfumed character and light touch of tannin. It makes for a fresh attractive wine that is drinkable now. END
START HERE Roasted and smelling a touch bricky, this also has full aromas of berry and black plum. Feels grabby but honest, with baked black-fruit flavors, chocolate, mocha and coffee. Jammy and deep on the finish, with earthy, chocolaty notes. A blend of 60% Garnacha with 20% each of Syrah and Merlot.', 'For a Bordeaux rosé, this is an unusual blend with 80% Cabernet Franc. That gives the wine its fine perfumed character and light touch of tannin. It makes for a fresh attractive wine that is drinkable now.', 'A small Pinot Noir, this is dry and vegetal, with modest cherry flavors. END
START HERE For a Bordeaux rosé, this is an unusual blend with 80% Cabernet Franc. That gives the wine its fine perfumed character and light touch of tannin. It makes for a fresh attractive wine that is drinkable now.', 'A small Pinot Noir, this is dry and vegetal, with modest cherry flavors.', 'Floral blueberry aromas are candied, artificial smelling and sweet, and the palate is supremely rich, sweet, candied and unctuous. About as thick and ripe as you get in a value Malbec, but also over the top with baked fruit and candy. Needs to be dialed back a notch. END
START HERE A small Pinot Noir, this is dry and vegetal, with modest cherry flavors.', 'Floral blueberry aromas are candied, artificial smelling and sweet, and the palate is supremely rich, sweet, candied and unctuous. About as thick and ripe as you get in a value Malbec, but also over the top with baked fruit and candy. Needs to be dialed back a notch.', 'Toasty but dull, with oily walnut aromas matched by stale fruit. This is heavy and baked out; sweet and flat as a board. END
START HERE Floral blueberry aromas are candied, artificial smelling and sweet, and the palate is supremely rich, sweet, candied and unctuous. About as thick and ripe as you get in a value Malbec, but also over the top with baked fruit and candy. Needs to be dialed back a notch.', 'Toasty but dull, with oily walnut aromas matched by stale fruit. This is heavy and baked out; sweet and flat as a board.', "Core berry aromas are fresh and solid, while nuances of wild herbs, leather and smoky rubber give this Malbec some character out of the chute. A jammy, fairly lush palate gives flavors of plum, raspberry and cassis. On the finish, this is solid and doesn't change much. Drink at any point over the next few years. END
START HERE Toasty but dull, with oily walnut aromas matched by stale fruit. This is heavy and baked out; sweet and flat as a board.', "Core berry aromas are fresh and solid, while nuances of wild herbs, leather and smoky rubber give this Malbec some character out of the chute. A jammy, fairly lush palate gives flavors of plum, raspberry and cassis. On the finish, this is solid and doesn't change much. Drink at any point over the next few years.", "A vibrantly fruity wine, with lemon, lime, pineapple and grapefruit flavors brightened with zesty acidity. It's basically dryish to off-dry, with a touch of honey on the finish. Good price for an easy cocktail sipper. END
START HERE Core berry aromas are fresh and solid, while nuances of wild herbs, leather and smoky rubber give this Malbec some character out of the chute. A jammy, fairly lush palate gives flavors of plum, raspberry and cassis. On the finish, this is solid and doesn't change much. Drink at any point over the next few years.", "A vibrantly fruity wine, with lemon, lime, pineapple and grapefruit flavors brightened with zesty acidity. It's basically dryish to off-dry, with a touch of honey on the finish. Good price for an easy cocktail sipper.", 'This smells both dry and oily, with apple and melon notes. The palate is round and healthy in feel, while flavors of honeyed apple and white peach turn more briny and pyrazinic as this breathes and finishes. END
START HERE A vibrantly fruity wine, with lemon, lime, pineapple and grapefruit flavors brightened with zesty acidity. It's basically dryish to off-dry, with a touch of honey on the finish. Good price for an easy cocktail sipper.", 'This smells both dry and oily, with apple and melon notes. The palate is round and healthy in feel, while flavors of honeyed apple and white peach turn more briny and pyrazinic as this breathes and finishes.', 'A neutral nose offers mild notes of minerally rich vitamin but almost no discernible fruit. Lightly oaked pear flavors are distant and turn bitter in front of a finish that stands still. END
START HERE This smells both dry and oily, with apple and melon notes. The palate is round and healthy in feel, while flavors of honeyed apple and white peach turn more briny and pyrazinic as this breathes and finishes.', 'A neutral nose offers mild notes of minerally rich vitamin but almost no discernible fruit. Lightly oaked pear flavors are distant and turn bitter in front of a finish that stands still.', 'Dark and muscular up front, with a bright purple color and grapy, woody aromas, this Malbec is pleasant, albeit clipped on the palate. Short, punchy plum and boysenberry flavors finish with a barrel note or two, but not much more. END
START HERE A neutral nose offers mild notes of minerally rich vitamin but almost no discernible fruit. Lightly oaked pear flavors are distant and turn bitter in front of a finish that stands still.', 'Dark and muscular up front, with a bright purple color and grapy, woody aromas, this Malbec is pleasant, albeit clipped on the palate. Short, punchy plum and boysenberry flavors finish with a barrel note or two, but not much more.', 'Oak and woodsy underbrush aromas take center stage in this blend of 70% Montepulciano and 30% Sangiovese. The palate shows blackberry flavors, rubber, vanilla and espresso notes, alongside abrasive tannins. END
START HERE Dark and muscular up front, with a bright purple color and grapy, woody aromas, this Malbec is pleasant, albeit clipped on the palate. Short, punchy plum and boysenberry flavors finish with a barrel note or two, but not much more.', 'Oak and woodsy underbrush aromas take center stage in this blend of 70% Montepulciano and 30% Sangiovese. The palate shows blackberry flavors, rubber, vanilla and espresso notes, alongside abrasive tannins.', "This vintage shows cut grass, ripe apple, pear, wet cement and nectarine sorbet aromas in a wine that's almost as clear as water. The palate is textural and full of zip, with rainy day-like crispness and green fruit flavors. END
START HERE Oak and woodsy underbrush aromas take center stage in this blend of 70% Montepulciano and 30% Sangiovese. The palate shows blackberry flavors, rubber, vanilla and espresso notes, alongside abrasive tannins.', "This vintage shows cut grass, ripe apple, pear, wet cement and nectarine sorbet aromas in a wine that's almost as clear as water. The palate is textural and full of zip, with rainy day-like crispness and green fruit flavors.", 'Leafy and nettle-like upfront, but deepening a bit on the palate to show nectarine, grapefruit and tomatillo notes. The only quibble with this medium-bodied white from the winemaker at Nautilus is that it seems almost a little sweet on the finish (the stated residual sugar level is 3 g/L). Drink now. END
START HERE This vintage shows cut grass, ripe apple, pear, wet cement and nectarine sorbet aromas in a wine that's almost as clear as water. The palate is textural and full of zip, with rainy day-like crispness and green fruit flavors.", 'Leafy and nettle-like upfront, but deepening a bit on the palate to show nectarine, grapefruit and tomatillo notes. The only quibble with this medium-bodied white from the winemaker at Nautilus is that it seems almost a little sweet on the finish (the stated residual sugar level is 3 g/L). Drink now.', "Sappy candied-cherry fruit aromas lead into a soft, easy-to-drink blend that's an unpretentious quaff for the backyard grill. END
START HERE Leafy and nettle-like upfront, but deepening a bit on the palate to show nectarine, grapefruit and tomatillo notes. The only quibble with this medium-bodied white from the winemaker at Nautilus is that it seems almost a little sweet on the finish (the stated residual sugar level is 3 g/L). Drink now.', "Sappy candied-cherry fruit aromas lead into a soft, easy-to-drink blend that's an unpretentious quaff for the backyard grill.", 'This soft, ready-to-drink wine is all about black-currant fruitiness, with only the lightest of tannins. Juicy, fresh acidity finishes an attractive wine. END
START HERE Sappy candied-cherry fruit aromas lead into a soft, easy-to-drink blend that's an unpretentious quaff for the backyard grill.", 'This soft, ready-to-drink wine is all about black-currant fruitiness, with only the lightest of tannins. Juicy, fresh acidity finishes an attractive wine.', 'Rather light and very smooth, this combines tasty plum flavors with subtle oaky, earthy accents and medium body. Enough varietal character keeps things interesting. END
START HERE This soft, ready-to-drink wine is all about black-currant fruitiness, with only the lightest of tannins. Juicy, fresh acidity finishes an attractive wine.', 'Rather light and very smooth, this combines tasty plum flavors with subtle oaky, earthy accents and medium body. Enough varietal character keeps things interesting.', "Here's a great deal from central Italy. Dark with mature fruit and spice, this easy red wine would pair with pork or white meat. It offers a pleasing touch of rich sweetness on the close. END
START HERE Rather light and very smooth, this combines tasty plum flavors with subtle oaky, earthy accents and medium body. Enough varietal character keeps things interesting.', "Here's a great deal from central Italy. Dark with mature fruit and spice, this easy red wine would pair with pork or white meat. It offers a pleasing touch of rich sweetness on the close.", 'This 70-30 blend of Montepulciano and Nero di Troia offers vibrant aromas of plum cake, molasses, blueberry and blackberry jam. The wine is rich and ripe in flavors with dark fruit nuances and smooth tannins. END
START HERE Here's a great deal from central Italy. Dark with mature fruit and spice, this easy red wine would pair with pork or white meat. It offers a pleasing touch of rich sweetness on the close.", 'This 70-30 blend of Montepulciano and Nero di Troia offers vibrant aromas of plum cake, molasses, blueberry and blackberry jam. The wine is rich and ripe in flavors with dark fruit nuances and smooth tannins.', 'Dark berry, pencil eraser and spice aromas come together nicely. In the mouth, this is a forward marcher with a good mouthfeel and ample push. Lightly baked flavors of plum and blackberry are fully ripe, while the finish feels sturdy and tastes a bit salty and earthy. END
START HERE This 70-30 blend of Montepulciano and Nero di Troia offers vibrant aromas of plum cake, molasses, blueberry and blackberry jam. The wine is rich and ripe in flavors with dark fruit nuances and smooth tannins.', 'Dark berry, pencil eraser and spice aromas come together nicely. In the mouth, this is a forward marcher with a good mouthfeel and ample push. Lightly baked flavors of plum and blackberry are fully ripe, while the finish feels sturdy and tastes a bit salty and earthy.', "This is a 100% unoaked Chardonnay that opens with bright tones of citrus, banana and pineapple. There's a fresh acidic kick at the end. END
START HERE Dark berry, pencil eraser and spice aromas come together nicely. In the mouth, this is a forward marcher with a good mouthfeel and ample push. Lightly baked flavors of plum and blackberry are fully ripe, while the finish feels sturdy and tastes a bit salty and earthy.', "This is a 100% unoaked Chardonnay that opens with bright tones of citrus, banana and pineapple. There's a fresh acidic kick at the end.", 'The lightest wine in the range of wines produced at Château du Cèdre, this is dominated by sweet, soft red fruit. Attractive, bright and fruity, this is ready for drinking now. END
START HERE This is a 100% unoaked Chardonnay that opens with bright tones of citrus, banana and pineapple. There's a fresh acidic kick at the end.", 'The lightest wine in the range of wines produced at Château du Cèdre, this is dominated by sweet, soft red fruit. Attractive, bright and fruity, this is ready for drinking now.', "Crisply light and fresh, this is a bright and clean wine. It's just touched by vanilla that goes well with the refreshing acidity. No complexity, just easy drinking. Screwcap. END
START HERE The lightest wine in the range of wines produced at Château du Cèdre, this is dominated by sweet, soft red fruit. Attractive, bright and fruity, this is ready for drinking now.', "Crisply light and fresh, this is a bright and clean wine. It's just touched by vanilla that goes well with the refreshing acidity. No complexity, just easy drinking. Screwcap.", 'Earthy, foresty, green aromas precede a round palate with stemmy flavors matched by a burnt, lightly bitter aftertaste. END
START HERE Crisply light and fresh, this is a bright and clean wine. It's just touched by vanilla that goes well with the refreshing acidity. No complexity, just easy drinking. Screwcap.", 'Earthy, foresty, green aromas precede a round palate with stemmy flavors matched by a burnt, lightly bitter aftertaste.', 'This wine opens with a stemmy aromas and remains basic in the glass, with a sweet ending. END
START HERE Earthy, foresty, green aromas precede a round palate with stemmy flavors matched by a burnt, lightly bitter aftertaste.', 'This wine opens with a stemmy aromas and remains basic in the glass, with a sweet ending.', 'The basic aromas of grapefruit, green herbs and stone fruits are generic. This feels young, fresh and fruity, with flavors of lime and grapefruit that end in standard fashion. END
START HERE This wine opens with a stemmy aromas and remains basic in the glass, with a sweet ending.', 'The basic aromas of grapefruit, green herbs and stone fruits are generic. This feels young, fresh and fruity, with flavors of lime and grapefruit that end in standard fashion.', 'This is almost offputting in terms of its feral aromas of wet dog and animal fur. The palate has a narrow, acidic feel and herbal, roasted berry flavors that end in a swirl of green herbs and gamy notes. END
START HERE The basic aromas of grapefruit, green herbs and stone fruits are generic. This feels young, fresh and fruity, with flavors of lime and grapefruit that end in standard fashion.', 'This is almost offputting in terms of its feral aromas of wet dog and animal fur. The palate has a narrow, acidic feel and herbal, roasted berry flavors that end in a swirl of green herbs and gamy notes.', "There's very little if any oak on this wine, which has a classic Central Coast profile of high acidity and bright, intense fruit. The flavors of limes, kiwis, passionfruit and vanilla finish long and bright. Good value in a classy, superdrinkable Chardonnay. END
START HERE This is almost offputting in terms of its feral aromas of wet dog and animal fur. The palate has a narrow, acidic feel and herbal, roasted berry flavors that end in a swirl of green herbs and gamy notes.', "There's very little if any oak on this wine, which has a classic Central Coast profile of high acidity and bright, intense fruit. The flavors of limes, kiwis, passionfruit and vanilla finish long and bright. Good value in a classy, superdrinkable Chardonnay.", 'This flat-lining wine is yellow in color and shows aromas of dusty apple and nuts. The palate is too soft and fleshy to be considered lively, and the flavors suggest mealy melon and apple. For a 2012, this is dull. END
START HERE There's very little if any oak on this wine, which has a classic Central Coast profile of high acidity and bright, intense fruit. The flavors of limes, kiwis, passionfruit and vanilla finish long and bright. Good value in a classy, superdrinkable Chardonnay.", 'This flat-lining wine is yellow in color and shows aromas of dusty apple and nuts. The palate is too soft and fleshy to be considered lively, and the flavors suggest mealy melon and apple. For a 2012, this is dull.', "Fresh pear, apple and tangerine notes are accented by smoke and earth tones on this delicate off-dry Riesling. Widely distributed at a fantastic bargain price, it's a juicy and fruity quaffer, with a delicate hint of bergamot on the finish. END
START HERE This flat-lining wine is yellow in color and shows aromas of dusty apple and nuts. The palate is too soft and fleshy to be considered lively, and the flavors suggest mealy melon and apple. For a 2012, this is dull.', "Fresh pear, apple and tangerine notes are accented by smoke and earth tones on this delicate off-dry Riesling. Widely distributed at a fantastic bargain price, it's a juicy and fruity quaffer, with a delicate hint of bergamot on the finish.", 'A soft, approachable wine whose pleasure is in its extreme dryness. Shows peppery flavors of tobacco, wild blackberries, bacon and anise. END
START HERE Fresh pear, apple and tangerine notes are accented by smoke and earth tones on this delicate off-dry Riesling. Widely distributed at a fantastic bargain price, it's a juicy and fruity quaffer, with a delicate hint of bergamot on the finish.", 'A soft, approachable wine whose pleasure is in its extreme dryness. Shows peppery flavors of tobacco, wild blackberries, bacon and anise.', "Another excellent bargain wine from St. Christopher, this light-footed kabinett is perfumed with notes of lavender, apple and honey. Off dry, it's concentrated on the palate, with juicy apple and hints of sweet berry flavor. Steely acidity drives a long, lean finish. END
START HERE A soft, approachable wine whose pleasure is in its extreme dryness. Shows peppery flavors of tobacco, wild blackberries, bacon and anise.', "Another excellent bargain wine from St. Christopher, this light-footed kabinett is perfumed with notes of lavender, apple and honey. Off dry, it's concentrated on the palate, with juicy apple and hints of sweet berry flavor. Steely acidity drives a long, lean finish.", 'Briar fruit aromas show notes of moss, leather and herbs on the nose. This is solid, chewy and tannic, with blackberry flavors that are herbal along the edges and a bit green in the middle. A spicy, dark note marks the finish, with a hint of coffee. END
START HERE Another excellent bargain wine from St. Christopher, this light-footed kabinett is perfumed with notes of lavender, apple and honey. Off dry, it's concentrated on the palate, with juicy apple and hints of sweet berry flavor. Steely acidity drives a long, lean finish.", 'Briar fruit aromas show notes of moss, leather and herbs on the nose. This is solid, chewy and tannic, with blackberry flavors that are herbal along the edges and a bit green in the middle. A spicy, dark note marks the finish, with a hint of coffee.', 'Green, grassy aromas lead the bouquet, which then turns charred and oaky. In the mouth, clove and heavy oak notes are dominant, while the feel is rubbery and rough. This is rugged and oaky. END
START HERE Briar fruit aromas show notes of moss, leather and herbs on the nose. This is solid, chewy and tannic, with blackberry flavors that are herbal along the edges and a bit green in the middle. A spicy, dark note marks the finish, with a hint of coffee.', 'Green, grassy aromas lead the bouquet, which then turns charred and oaky. In the mouth, clove and heavy oak notes are dominant, while the feel is rubbery and rough. This is rugged and oaky.', "Spicy plum and currant aromas have an earthy note about them. This feels raw and lean. Berry and plum flavors are candied, with oaky/spicy accents. On the finish, it's peppery tasting then bitter once the fruit fades. END
START HERE Green, grassy aromas lead the bouquet, which then turns charred and oaky. In the mouth, clove and heavy oak notes are dominant, while the feel is rubbery and rough. This is rugged and oaky.', "Spicy plum and currant aromas have an earthy note about them. This feels raw and lean. Berry and plum flavors are candied, with oaky/spicy accents. On the finish, it's peppery tasting then bitter once the fruit fades.", "A brisk, brusque, tannic wine whose rusticity calls for easy fare, like backyard barbecue or even fast-food burgers. It's dry and full-bodied, a country-style blend with deep flavors of blackberries and tobacco. The price is fair. END
START HERE Spicy plum and currant aromas have an earthy note about them. This feels raw and lean. Berry and plum flavors are candied, with oaky/spicy accents. On the finish, it's peppery tasting then bitter once the fruit fades.", "A brisk, brusque, tannic wine whose rusticity calls for easy fare, like backyard barbecue or even fast-food burgers. It's dry and full-bodied, a country-style blend with deep flavors of blackberries and tobacco. The price is fair.", "The aromas bring notes of jasmine, lime zest and honeysuckle. It drinks dry, with lightly concentrated fruit flavors that lead to a floral finish. It provides enjoyment but the concentration doesn't seem all there. END
START HERE A brisk, brusque, tannic wine whose rusticity calls for easy fare, like backyard barbecue or even fast-food burgers. It's dry and full-bodied, a country-style blend with deep flavors of blackberries and tobacco. The price is fair.", "The aromas bring notes of jasmine, lime zest and honeysuckle. It drinks dry, with lightly concentrated fruit flavors that lead to a floral finish. It provides enjoyment but the concentration doesn't seem all there.", "A bit unbalanced, with some raisiny tastes side by side with green, unripe notes of mint. But it's dry and smooth and rich enough, at this price. END
START HERE The aromas bring notes of jasmine, lime zest and honeysuckle. It drinks dry, with lightly concentrated fruit flavors that lead to a floral finish. It provides enjoyment but the concentration doesn't seem all there.", "A bit unbalanced, with some raisiny tastes side by side with green, unripe notes of mint. But it's dry and smooth and rich enough, at this price.", 'Fresh and fragrant, this is a lively, bright and tangy wine. With crisp acidity and raspberry fruit that is twisted with orange peel it is ready to drink. END
START HERE A bit unbalanced, with some raisiny tastes side by side with green, unripe notes of mint. But it's dry and smooth and rich enough, at this price.", 'Fresh and fragrant, this is a lively, bright and tangy wine. With crisp acidity and raspberry fruit that is twisted with orange peel it is ready to drink.', 'This is a nice value for Pinot Noir. It has some real richness of fruit and smoothness of texture. Flavors of ripe raspberries and dates are offset by fine acidity. END
START HERE Fresh and fragrant, this is a lively, bright and tangy wine. With crisp acidity and raspberry fruit that is twisted with orange peel it is ready to drink.', 'This is a nice value for Pinot Noir. It has some real richness of fruit and smoothness of texture. Flavors of ripe raspberries and dates are offset by fine acidity.', "This wine has a strong layer of spicy oak from the first sniff through the lingering finish. Deep, ripe black cherry and blackberry flavors fill in the palate, and the full body of moderate tannins creates a mouthfeel that's plush. END
START HERE This is a nice value for Pinot Noir. It has some real richness of fruit and smoothness of texture. Flavors of ripe raspberries and dates are offset by fine acidity.', "This wine has a strong layer of spicy oak from the first sniff through the lingering finish. Deep, ripe black cherry and blackberry flavors fill in the palate, and the full body of moderate tannins creates a mouthfeel that's plush.", "This offers aromas of feral berry, black olive and bell pepper followed by a black fruit flavor that's touched by a herbal note. It starts out better than it finishes. END
START HERE This wine has a strong layer of spicy oak from the first sniff through the lingering finish. Deep, ripe black cherry and blackberry flavors fill in the palate, and the full body of moderate tannins creates a mouthfeel that's plush.", "This offers aromas of feral berry, black olive and bell pepper followed by a black fruit flavor that's touched by a herbal note. It starts out better than it finishes.", 'Grassy, straw-like aromas offer bits of lime and orange. This is light, juicy and tangy. Flavors of lime, tart apple, grapefruit and kiwi finish with stony minerality and lasting lemon-lime notes. END
START HERE This offers aromas of feral berry, black olive and bell pepper followed by a black fruit flavor that's touched by a herbal note. It starts out better than it finishes.", 'Grassy, straw-like aromas offer bits of lime and orange. This is light, juicy and tangy. Flavors of lime, tart apple, grapefruit and kiwi finish with stony minerality and lasting lemon-lime notes.', "A fuller, richer, more broadly fruity version of the winery's Two Vines offering, this crowd-pleasing Chardonnay slathers the palate with buttery brioche, apple and Asian pear. A little more acidity would help; give it a chill to compensate. END
START HERE Grassy, straw-like aromas offer bits of lime and orange. This is light, juicy and tangy. Flavors of lime, tart apple, grapefruit and kiwi finish with stony minerality and lasting lemon-lime notes.', "A fuller, richer, more broadly fruity version of the winery's Two Vines offering, this crowd-pleasing Chardonnay slathers the palate with buttery brioche, apple and Asian pear. A little more acidity would help; give it a chill to compensate.", 'This fruity and full-bodied wine offers much to like. The opposite of crisp and lively, it was made in an unabashedly ripe and rich style. Pear and butter aromas lead to ripe peach and vanilla flavors. The texture is rich in the mouth and the finish is soft. END
START HERE A fuller, richer, more broadly fruity version of the winery's Two Vines offering, this crowd-pleasing Chardonnay slathers the palate with buttery brioche, apple and Asian pear. A little more acidity would help; give it a chill to compensate.", 'This fruity and full-bodied wine offers much to like. The opposite of crisp and lively, it was made in an unabashedly ripe and rich style. Pear and butter aromas lead to ripe peach and vanilla flavors. The texture is rich in the mouth and the finish is soft.', "This is a fresh and easy to drink white that's perfect for pairing with salads or citrus-based grilled fish. Medium weight with prominent tart flavors of lemony citrus and green berries, and the finish offers a hint of fresh hay. END
START HERE This fruity and full-bodied wine offers much to like. The opposite of crisp and lively, it was made in an unabashedly ripe and rich style. Pear and butter aromas lead to ripe peach and vanilla flavors. The texture is rich in the mouth and the finish is soft.', "This is a fresh and easy to drink white that's perfect for pairing with salads or citrus-based grilled fish. Medium weight with prominent tart flavors of lemony citrus and green berries, and the finish offers a hint of fresh hay.", "Zesty lemon and lime aromas mingle with tart white peach and apple on this dry, medium-bodied wine. It's stark and mineral on the palate, with nervous acidity that reverberates through the finish. END
START HERE This is a fresh and easy to drink white that's perfect for pairing with salads or citrus-based grilled fish. Medium weight with prominent tart flavors of lemony citrus and green berries, and the finish offers a hint of fresh hay.", "Zesty lemon and lime aromas mingle with tart white peach and apple on this dry, medium-bodied wine. It's stark and mineral on the palate, with nervous acidity that reverberates through the finish.", 'Attractively pink in color, this has a touch of caramel as well as ripe strawberry fruit flavors. It has a rich side, but is bright and fruity with lively acidity at the end. It will be great as an apéritif. END
START HERE Zesty lemon and lime aromas mingle with tart white peach and apple on this dry, medium-bodied wine. It's stark and mineral on the palate, with nervous acidity that reverberates through the finish.", 'Attractively pink in color, this has a touch of caramel as well as ripe strawberry fruit flavors. It has a rich side, but is bright and fruity with lively acidity at the end. It will be great as an apéritif.', 'Spunky and bright in terms of its aromatics, with musky lime and mineral notes. The palate is both juicy and round, with lemon, lime and piercing, pithy citrus flavors. Citric, sheering and foxy on the finish, and exceedingly cleansing. END
START HERE Attractively pink in color, this has a touch of caramel as well as ripe strawberry fruit flavors. It has a rich side, but is bright and fruity with lively acidity at the end. It will be great as an apéritif.', 'Spunky and bright in terms of its aromatics, with musky lime and mineral notes. The palate is both juicy and round, with lemon, lime and piercing, pithy citrus flavors. Citric, sheering and foxy on the finish, and exceedingly cleansing.', 'Snappy grapefruit and tangerine aromas are clean and crisp. That also describes the palate on this Maule Valley SB. Fairly intense flavors of lemon-lime and grapefruit cruise across a racy, unbroken finish. END
START HERE Spunky and bright in terms of its aromatics, with musky lime and mineral notes. The palate is both juicy and round, with lemon, lime and piercing, pithy citrus flavors. Citric, sheering and foxy on the finish, and exceedingly cleansing.', 'Snappy grapefruit and tangerine aromas are clean and crisp. That also describes the palate on this Maule Valley SB. Fairly intense flavors of lemon-lime and grapefruit cruise across a racy, unbroken finish.', "This is your quintessential New World Best Buy. The bouquet is full, slightly oaky and a touch burnt, and overall it's very nice. Same goes for the mouth, full of ripe berry and cassis flavors. It's medium to full in terms of weight and intensity, while the tannins create a chewy, masculine sensation. END
START HERE Snappy grapefruit and tangerine aromas are clean and crisp. That also describes the palate on this Maule Valley SB. Fairly intense flavors of lemon-lime and grapefruit cruise across a racy, unbroken finish.', "This is your quintessential New World Best Buy. The bouquet is full, slightly oaky and a touch burnt, and overall it's very nice. Same goes for the mouth, full of ripe berry and cassis flavors. It's medium to full in terms of weight and intensity, while the tannins create a chewy, masculine sensation.", 'Rich on the nose, this juicy, ripe Cabernet unfurls with layers of black currant, blackberry and vanilla that are soft and structured. The finish offers tar and leather amid more vanilla, ending in balance and finesse. Stock up for dinner parties. END
START HERE This is your quintessential New World Best Buy. The bouquet is full, slightly oaky and a touch burnt, and overall it's very nice. Same goes for the mouth, full of ripe berry and cassis flavors. It's medium to full in terms of weight and intensity, while the tannins create a chewy, masculine sensation.", 'Rich on the nose, this juicy, ripe Cabernet unfurls with layers of black currant, blackberry and vanilla that are soft and structured. The finish offers tar and leather amid more vanilla, ending in balance and finesse. Stock up for dinner parties.', "This tastes a bit over-cropped; the varietal character is there, but it's a pale rendition. Lightly peppery and grassy, with hints of citrus and very green apple fruit. Straightforward and simple. END
START HERE Rich on the nose, this juicy, ripe Cabernet unfurls with layers of black currant, blackberry and vanilla that are soft and structured. The finish offers tar and leather amid more vanilla, ending in balance and finesse. Stock up for dinner parties.', "This tastes a bit over-cropped; the varietal character is there, but it's a pale rendition. Lightly peppery and grassy, with hints of citrus and very green apple fruit. Straightforward and simple.", "This shows the soft, juicy side of Malbec. No serious tannins here, just red berry fruit and fine acidity. That means it's ready to drink this winter. END
START HERE This tastes a bit over-cropped; the varietal character is there, but it's a pale rendition. Lightly peppery and grassy, with hints of citrus and very green apple fruit. Straightforward and simple.", "This shows the soft, juicy side of Malbec. No serious tannins here, just red berry fruit and fine acidity. That means it's ready to drink this winter.", 'Generous, fruity and ripe, this unpretentious red blend based on Syrah lets the pure fruit flavors carry it rather than laying on heavy oak flavors. It is medium-bodied, broad-textured, very juicy and delicious. END
START HERE This shows the soft, juicy side of Malbec. No serious tannins here, just red berry fruit and fine acidity. That means it's ready to drink this winter.", 'Generous, fruity and ripe, this unpretentious red blend based on Syrah lets the pure fruit flavors carry it rather than laying on heavy oak flavors. It is medium-bodied, broad-textured, very juicy and delicious.', 'Herbal, saucy aromas of tomato and spice accent dark-berry fruit, while the palate carries a tight, fresh, crisp feel. This brings herbal, spicy notes along with berry and cassis flavors, while the finish rolls out in loamy yet short fashion. END
START HERE Generous, fruity and ripe, this unpretentious red blend based on Syrah lets the pure fruit flavors carry it rather than laying on heavy oak flavors. It is medium-bodied, broad-textured, very juicy and delicious.', 'Herbal, saucy aromas of tomato and spice accent dark-berry fruit, while the palate carries a tight, fresh, crisp feel. This brings herbal, spicy notes along with berry and cassis flavors, while the finish rolls out in loamy yet short fashion.', 'There is enough crispness to make this ripe wine tight and fruity. Its dry strawberry fruitiness comes with a light touch of pepper. Drink now. END
START HERE Herbal, saucy aromas of tomato and spice accent dark-berry fruit, while the palate carries a tight, fresh, crisp feel. This brings herbal, spicy notes along with berry and cassis flavors, while the finish rolls out in loamy yet short fashion.', 'There is enough crispness to make this ripe wine tight and fruity. Its dry strawberry fruitiness comes with a light touch of pepper. Drink now.', 'Savory, baked cassis and blackberry aromas show form and solidity, while the palate is deep and a little soft, with lush, slightly roasted berry and black currant aromas. Chocolaty on the finish yet not too heavy or forced. Not all that Syrah-like but it still smells and tastes good. END
START HERE There is enough crispness to make this ripe wine tight and fruity. Its dry strawberry fruitiness comes with a light touch of pepper. Drink now.', 'Savory, baked cassis and blackberry aromas show form and solidity, while the palate is deep and a little soft, with lush, slightly roasted berry and black currant aromas. Chocolaty on the finish yet not too heavy or forced. Not all that Syrah-like but it still smells and tastes good.', 'Gritty and earthy up front, with generic plum scents, this feels hard, tannic and in need of more body. Roasted, oaky flavors of hickory and saucy plum finish dry, woody and hollow. END
START HERE Savory, baked cassis and blackberry aromas show form and solidity, while the palate is deep and a little soft, with lush, slightly roasted berry and black currant aromas. Chocolaty on the finish yet not too heavy or forced. Not all that Syrah-like but it still smells and tastes good.', 'Gritty and earthy up front, with generic plum scents, this feels hard, tannic and in need of more body. Roasted, oaky flavors of hickory and saucy plum finish dry, woody and hollow.', 'Red berry, cinnamon and vanilla mingle playfully in this personality-laden Cab. The combo of pretty and slightly wild flavors works well—and firm tannins and structure mean the wine will age nicely. Imported by Monsieur Touton. END
START HERE Gritty and earthy up front, with generic plum scents, this feels hard, tannic and in need of more body. Roasted, oaky flavors of hickory and saucy plum finish dry, woody and hollow.', 'Red berry, cinnamon and vanilla mingle playfully in this personality-laden Cab. The combo of pretty and slightly wild flavors works well—and firm tannins and structure mean the wine will age nicely. Imported by Monsieur Touton.', 'Aromas of passion fruit, grapefruit, lime and bell pepper are textbook for the region. This feels fresh as a whistle, with pyrazine-led bell pepper, green bean and lime flavors. Additional notes of bell pepper, with hints of white pepper drive the finish on this crisp, refreshing Sauvignon Blanc. END
START HERE Red berry, cinnamon and vanilla mingle playfully in this personality-laden Cab. The combo of pretty and slightly wild flavors works well—and firm tannins and structure mean the wine will age nicely. Imported by Monsieur Touton.', 'Aromas of passion fruit, grapefruit, lime and bell pepper are textbook for the region. This feels fresh as a whistle, with pyrazine-led bell pepper, green bean and lime flavors. Additional notes of bell pepper, with hints of white pepper drive the finish on this crisp, refreshing Sauvignon Blanc.', 'A strong buttery, jammy aroma and flavors like cherry candy make an unusual profile and cover up most varietal flavors in the grapes. END
START HERE Aromas of passion fruit, grapefruit, lime and bell pepper are textbook for the region. This feels fresh as a whistle, with pyrazine-led bell pepper, green bean and lime flavors. Additional notes of bell pepper, with hints of white pepper drive the finish on this crisp, refreshing Sauvignon Blanc.', 'A strong buttery, jammy aroma and flavors like cherry candy make an unusual profile and cover up most varietal flavors in the grapes.', 'Waxy, floral white-fruit aromas are tropical in style. This feels citrusy, with some pulpiness to the texture. Tangerine, orange and nectarine flavors finish tangy and citric, with one-dimensional juiciness. END
START HERE A strong buttery, jammy aroma and flavors like cherry candy make an unusual profile and cover up most varietal flavors in the grapes.', 'Waxy, floral white-fruit aromas are tropical in style. This feels citrusy, with some pulpiness to the texture. Tangerine, orange and nectarine flavors finish tangy and citric, with one-dimensional juiciness.', 'Hard spice, juniper and minty aromas meld with chocolate and blackberry scents. This is chewy and full on the palate, with spicy, minty blackberry and black currant flavors that finish thick, with a woodsy, lightly green aftertaste. END
START HERE Waxy, floral white-fruit aromas are tropical in style. This feels citrusy, with some pulpiness to the texture. Tangerine, orange and nectarine flavors finish tangy and citric, with one-dimensional juiciness.', 'Hard spice, juniper and minty aromas meld with chocolate and blackberry scents. This is chewy and full on the palate, with spicy, minty blackberry and black currant flavors that finish thick, with a woodsy, lightly green aftertaste.', "A lusty value made right. The nose issues black cherry, cough drop and cassis aromas. It's concentrated and balanced, while flavors of black cherry and cassis follow the nose. A mild tannic burn and chocolate on the finish tell you it's good and can go with any meat, from burgers to a quality steak or roast. END
START HERE Hard spice, juniper and minty aromas meld with chocolate and blackberry scents. This is chewy and full on the palate, with spicy, minty blackberry and black currant flavors that finish thick, with a woodsy, lightly green aftertaste.', "A lusty value made right. The nose issues black cherry, cough drop and cassis aromas. It's concentrated and balanced, while flavors of black cherry and cassis follow the nose. A mild tannic burn and chocolate on the finish tell you it's good and can go with any meat, from burgers to a quality steak or roast.", 'Good price for a nice wine that shows some real Pinot character. The mouthfeel is light and silky, and fine acidity gives a bit to the red stone fruits and berries. END
START HERE A lusty value made right. The nose issues black cherry, cough drop and cassis aromas. It's concentrated and balanced, while flavors of black cherry and cassis follow the nose. A mild tannic burn and chocolate on the finish tell you it's good and can go with any meat, from burgers to a quality steak or roast.", 'Good price for a nice wine that shows some real Pinot character. The mouthfeel is light and silky, and fine acidity gives a bit to the red stone fruits and berries.', 'Straw colored in the glass with aromas of green apple, citrus blossom and freshly cut grass, this Bulgarian Sauvignon Blanc has flavors of lemon curd, guava and pineapple. It is medium bodied in the midpalate and has a crisp, clean finish. END
START HERE Good price for a nice wine that shows some real Pinot character. The mouthfeel is light and silky, and fine acidity gives a bit to the red stone fruits and berries.', 'Straw colored in the glass with aromas of green apple, citrus blossom and freshly cut grass, this Bulgarian Sauvignon Blanc has flavors of lemon curd, guava and pineapple. It is medium bodied in the midpalate and has a crisp, clean finish.', "Castle Rock is one of the most reliable sources of inexpensive Columbia Valley red wines. Ignore the generic label—what's inside the bottle is well-made. Light flavors of black cherry, soft tannins and a finishing flourish of mocha and red apple give this both lift and length. END
START HERE Straw colored in the glass with aromas of green apple, citrus blossom and freshly cut grass, this Bulgarian Sauvignon Blanc has flavors of lemon curd, guava and pineapple. It is medium bodied in the midpalate and has a crisp, clean finish.', "Castle Rock is one of the most reliable sources of inexpensive Columbia Valley red wines. Ignore the generic label—what's inside the bottle is well-made. Light flavors of black cherry, soft tannins and a finishing flourish of mocha and red apple give this both lift and length.", 'Soft aromas of melon and papaya are simple and mellow. This is modest across the palate, with adequate acidity. Flavors of melon, apple and banana finish creamy, with tropical-fruit residuals and a sweet note of caramel. END
START HERE Castle Rock is one of the most reliable sources of inexpensive Columbia Valley red wines. Ignore the generic label—what's inside the bottle is well-made. Light flavors of black cherry, soft tannins and a finishing flourish of mocha and red apple give this both lift and length.", 'Soft aromas of melon and papaya are simple and mellow. This is modest across the palate, with adequate acidity. Flavors of melon, apple and banana finish creamy, with tropical-fruit residuals and a sweet note of caramel.', "There's a curtain of smoke and char that hides all the sweet, fresh apple tones on this creamy, full-bodied Chardonnay. When the smoke subsides, it reveals a fairly balanced wine with subtle vanilla and fruit characteristics throughout. Great companion for smoked cheese and charcuterie. END
START HERE Soft aromas of melon and papaya are simple and mellow. This is modest across the palate, with adequate acidity. Flavors of melon, apple and banana finish creamy, with tropical-fruit residuals and a sweet note of caramel.', "There's a curtain of smoke and char that hides all the sweet, fresh apple tones on this creamy, full-bodied Chardonnay. When the smoke subsides, it reveals a fairly balanced wine with subtle vanilla and fruit characteristics throughout. Great companion for smoked cheese and charcuterie.", "Sweet on the nose, with marshmallow, Nestle's Quick and generic dark fruit aromas. The palate is more snappy and alert, with good but regular berry flavors mixing with chocolate and herbal notes. Juicy and lively across the palate but herbal on the finish. END
START HERE There's a curtain of smoke and char that hides all the sweet, fresh apple tones on this creamy, full-bodied Chardonnay. When the smoke subsides, it reveals a fairly balanced wine with subtle vanilla and fruit characteristics throughout. Great companion for smoked cheese and charcuterie.", "Sweet on the nose, with marshmallow, Nestle's Quick and generic dark fruit aromas. The palate is more snappy and alert, with good but regular berry flavors mixing with chocolate and herbal notes. Juicy and lively across the palate but herbal on the finish.", 'The aromas of blueberry, milk chocolate and tire rubber are pleasant enough but the palate distracts with sweet, lightly spritzy blue fruit flavors backed by chalky tannins. END
START HERE Sweet on the nose, with marshmallow, Nestle's Quick and generic dark fruit aromas. The palate is more snappy and alert, with good but regular berry flavors mixing with chocolate and herbal notes. Juicy and lively across the palate but herbal on the finish.", 'The aromas of blueberry, milk chocolate and tire rubber are pleasant enough but the palate distracts with sweet, lightly spritzy blue fruit flavors backed by chalky tannins.', 'Picture grandma standing over a pot of stewed prunes, which fill the dusty old house with their sickly aromas. Cooked, earthy and rustic, this wine has little going for it. Just barely acceptable. END
START HERE The aromas of blueberry, milk chocolate and tire rubber are pleasant enough but the palate distracts with sweet, lightly spritzy blue fruit flavors backed by chalky tannins.', 'Picture grandma standing over a pot of stewed prunes, which fill the dusty old house with their sickly aromas. Cooked, earthy and rustic, this wine has little going for it. Just barely acceptable.', 'Oaky, chemical aromas top generic berry scents. The palate is creamy and grabby, while fake-tasting, candied oak is the dominant flavor. This feels cloying and tastes like vanilla and processed milk chocolate on the finish. END
START HERE Picture grandma standing over a pot of stewed prunes, which fill the dusty old house with their sickly aromas. Cooked, earthy and rustic, this wine has little going for it. Just barely acceptable.', 'Oaky, chemical aromas top generic berry scents. The palate is creamy and grabby, while fake-tasting, candied oak is the dominant flavor. This feels cloying and tastes like vanilla and processed milk chocolate on the finish.', 'Light pepper, cassis and a hint of leather form the nose on this wine from a brand founded in 1994 specifically to deliver quality wines at affordable prices. The palate offers grilled meat and roasted root-vegetable flavors. Fairly gripping tannins mean that this wine could survive through 2017. END
START HERE Oaky, chemical aromas top generic berry scents. The palate is creamy and grabby, while fake-tasting, candied oak is the dominant flavor. This feels cloying and tastes like vanilla and processed milk chocolate on the finish.', 'Light pepper, cassis and a hint of leather form the nose on this wine from a brand founded in 1994 specifically to deliver quality wines at affordable prices. The palate offers grilled meat and roasted root-vegetable flavors. Fairly gripping tannins mean that this wine could survive through 2017.', 'This opaque Merlot is charred to the max, with burnt coffee, grilled beef and campfire aromas. The palate is wiry but mostly good in feel, while mossy, herbal-leaning flavors of toast, blackberry and black pepper finish with coffee and herbal notes. END
START HERE Light pepper, cassis and a hint of leather form the nose on this wine from a brand founded in 1994 specifically to deliver quality wines at affordable prices. The palate offers grilled meat and roasted root-vegetable flavors. Fairly gripping tannins mean that this wine could survive through 2017.', 'This opaque Merlot is charred to the max, with burnt coffee, grilled beef and campfire aromas. The palate is wiry but mostly good in feel, while mossy, herbal-leaning flavors of toast, blackberry and black pepper finish with coffee and herbal notes.', 'Sturdy on the nose, this has cherry and red berry aromas. The palate is juicy, lively and fun, with crisp, focused red-plum and cassis flavors. Easy to quaff. END
START HERE This opaque Merlot is charred to the max, with burnt coffee, grilled beef and campfire aromas. The palate is wiry but mostly good in feel, while mossy, herbal-leaning flavors of toast, blackberry and black pepper finish with coffee and herbal notes.', 'Sturdy on the nose, this has cherry and red berry aromas. The palate is juicy, lively and fun, with crisp, focused red-plum and cassis flavors. Easy to quaff.', 'Complexity in terms of both fruit flavors and oak-induced spices make this wine fun to taste. It has light baking-spice aromas, ripe fruit flavors like black cherry, and a lightly tannic texture. END
START HERE Sturdy on the nose, this has cherry and red berry aromas. The palate is juicy, lively and fun, with crisp, focused red-plum and cassis flavors. Easy to quaff.', 'Complexity in terms of both fruit flavors and oak-induced spices make this wine fun to taste. It has light baking-spice aromas, ripe fruit flavors like black cherry, and a lightly tannic texture.', "Round on the nose, with green-apple aromas. There's no angularity or sharpness to this SB despite full acidity, and the flavors of orange and grapefruit are alert but pithy. A good but regular effort, especially for warm-climate Colchagua. END
START HERE Complexity in terms of both fruit flavors and oak-induced spices make this wine fun to taste. It has light baking-spice aromas, ripe fruit flavors like black cherry, and a lightly tannic texture.', "Round on the nose, with green-apple aromas. There's no angularity or sharpness to this SB despite full acidity, and the flavors of orange and grapefruit are alert but pithy. A good but regular effort, especially for warm-climate Colchagua.", "This is a good value Zinfandel. Its label was modeled after the Fillmore's better days of poster art, meant to appeal to Baby Boomer rock lovers everywhere. Spicy and not overbearing, it'll work for casual jam sessions and/or barbecues. END
START HERE Round on the nose, with green-apple aromas. There's no angularity or sharpness to this SB despite full acidity, and the flavors of orange and grapefruit are alert but pithy. A good but regular effort, especially for warm-climate Colchagua.", "This is a good value Zinfandel. Its label was modeled after the Fillmore's better days of poster art, meant to appeal to Baby Boomer rock lovers everywhere. Spicy and not overbearing, it'll work for casual jam sessions and/or barbecues.", 'A classic Gaillac blend of Duras, Gamay, Merlot and Syrah, this is a bright, fruity wine, the lighter of the two wines produced at Château Lecusse. Red berries dominate, allied to crisp acidity. END
START HERE This is a good value Zinfandel. Its label was modeled after the Fillmore's better days of poster art, meant to appeal to Baby Boomer rock lovers everywhere. Spicy and not overbearing, it'll work for casual jam sessions and/or barbecues.", 'A classic Gaillac blend of Duras, Gamay, Merlot and Syrah, this is a bright, fruity wine, the lighter of the two wines produced at Château Lecusse. Red berries dominate, allied to crisp acidity.', 'Hints of lightly toasted oak highlight bright, fresh apple and lemon flavors on this easy drinking Chardonnay. Delicately structured with a vibrant, zesty acidity, it finishes with just a hint of sea breeze. END
START HERE A classic Gaillac blend of Duras, Gamay, Merlot and Syrah, this is a bright, fruity wine, the lighter of the two wines produced at Château Lecusse. Red berries dominate, allied to crisp acidity.', 'Hints of lightly toasted oak highlight bright, fresh apple and lemon flavors on this easy drinking Chardonnay. Delicately structured with a vibrant, zesty acidity, it finishes with just a hint of sea breeze.', 'A low-priced white with a smoky quality and rounded textures of pear and coconut. Twist the cap off on this one for patio and pool parties or to enjoy with a platter of raw oysters. END
START HERE Hints of lightly toasted oak highlight bright, fresh apple and lemon flavors on this easy drinking Chardonnay. Delicately structured with a vibrant, zesty acidity, it finishes with just a hint of sea breeze.', 'A low-priced white with a smoky quality and rounded textures of pear and coconut. Twist the cap off on this one for patio and pool parties or to enjoy with a platter of raw oysters.', 'Although this opens with aromatic notes of inner tube and iodine, airing reveals dry herb scents and medicinal cherry and berry aromas. With proper weight and balance, this basic Malbec tastes of cherry cough drop and plum, with a dash of green herbs. END
START HERE A low-priced white with a smoky quality and rounded textures of pear and coconut. Twist the cap off on this one for patio and pool parties or to enjoy with a platter of raw oysters.', 'Although this opens with aromatic notes of inner tube and iodine, airing reveals dry herb scents and medicinal cherry and berry aromas. With proper weight and balance, this basic Malbec tastes of cherry cough drop and plum, with a dash of green herbs.', "Smells like wet clay with an accent of floral black fruit. In the mouth, it's edgy and sharp, with rock-hard tannins that clamp down. Tastes lactic but not creamy, with sharp red-fruit flavors and a hard finish. END
START HERE Although this opens with aromatic notes of inner tube and iodine, airing reveals dry herb scents and medicinal cherry and berry aromas. With proper weight and balance, this basic Malbec tastes of cherry cough drop and plum, with a dash of green herbs.', "Smells like wet clay with an accent of floral black fruit. In the mouth, it's edgy and sharp, with rock-hard tannins that clamp down. Tastes lactic but not creamy, with sharp red-fruit flavors and a hard finish.", 'Green smelling. Feels thick, grabby and stewed, with herbal, saucy flavors of tomato and red berry. That same sauciness defines the herbal finish. END
START HERE Smells like wet clay with an accent of floral black fruit. In the mouth, it's edgy and sharp, with rock-hard tannins that clamp down. Tastes lactic but not creamy, with sharp red-fruit flavors and a hard finish.", 'Green smelling. Feels thick, grabby and stewed, with herbal, saucy flavors of tomato and red berry. That same sauciness defines the herbal finish.', "Hogue's Late Harvest Riesling is an odd duck. In most usage, late harvest indicates a dessert-style wine with considerable sweetness. Here it seems more like a mass-market, tasting room wine. It's simple, off-dry, and a little papery in the finish. END
START HERE Green smelling. Feels thick, grabby and stewed, with herbal, saucy flavors of tomato and red berry. That same sauciness defines the herbal finish.', "Hogue's Late Harvest Riesling is an odd duck. In most usage, late harvest indicates a dessert-style wine with considerable sweetness. Here it seems more like a mass-market, tasting room wine. It's simple, off-dry, and a little papery in the finish.", 'A bit muted and simple but easy to drink with a lightweight mouth and soft aromas and flavors of red plum, cherry and currant along with hints of spice on the finish. END
START HERE Hogue's Late Harvest Riesling is an odd duck. In most usage, late harvest indicates a dessert-style wine with considerable sweetness. Here it seems more like a mass-market, tasting room wine. It's simple, off-dry, and a little papery in the finish.", 'A bit muted and simple but easy to drink with a lightweight mouth and soft aromas and flavors of red plum, cherry and currant along with hints of spice on the finish.', 'Chiseled and spunky, this slightly older Riesling shows complex slate, lime zest and wet stone notes on the nose while intense stone fruits dominate the palate. Drink now. END
START HERE A bit muted and simple but easy to drink with a lightweight mouth and soft aromas and flavors of red plum, cherry and currant along with hints of spice on the finish.', 'Chiseled and spunky, this slightly older Riesling shows complex slate, lime zest and wet stone notes on the nose while intense stone fruits dominate the palate. Drink now.', "Formely known as Winemaker's Selection, this base-level Malbec is ultra purple and dark, with gritty, grapey aromas that are big but not all that well formed. The palate is heavy and tannic, with juicy, semi-green flavors of blackberry and boysenberry. Has power, color and size but not all the parts fit. END
START HERE Chiseled and spunky, this slightly older Riesling shows complex slate, lime zest and wet stone notes on the nose while intense stone fruits dominate the palate. Drink now.', "Formely known as Winemaker's Selection, this base-level Malbec is ultra purple and dark, with gritty, grapey aromas that are big but not all that well formed. The palate is heavy and tannic, with juicy, semi-green flavors of blackberry and boysenberry. Has power, color and size but not all the parts fit.", "Rubbery and firm on the nose, with generic berry and cassis aromas. The palate is mostly clean, with a candied, almost creamy feel supporting jammy blackberry, cassis and baking-spice flavors. Finishes sweet yet herbal. Pretty much as you'd expect for a 65,000-case product. END
START HERE Formely known as Winemaker's Selection, this base-level Malbec is ultra purple and dark, with gritty, grapey aromas that are big but not all that well formed. The palate is heavy and tannic, with juicy, semi-green flavors of blackberry and boysenberry. Has power, color and size but not all the parts fit.", "Rubbery and firm on the nose, with generic berry and cassis aromas. The palate is mostly clean, with a candied, almost creamy feel supporting jammy blackberry, cassis and baking-spice flavors. Finishes sweet yet herbal. Pretty much as you'd expect for a 65,000-case product.", 'Bramble and green tobacco notes are part of the bouquet, as is rubbery dark fruit. The palate is smooth in feel but a little herbal and leafy, with a mix of berry fruit and mild green notes. END
START HERE Rubbery and firm on the nose, with generic berry and cassis aromas. The palate is mostly clean, with a candied, almost creamy feel supporting jammy blackberry, cassis and baking-spice flavors. Finishes sweet yet herbal. Pretty much as you'd expect for a 65,000-case product.", 'Bramble and green tobacco notes are part of the bouquet, as is rubbery dark fruit. The palate is smooth in feel but a little herbal and leafy, with a mix of berry fruit and mild green notes.', "A value-priced California Zin from the folks at Sobon in Amador County, this wine is jammy in blackberry flavor, meaty with traces of tobacco. While the finish is long it's also piqued with a taste of high alcohol. END
START HERE Bramble and green tobacco notes are part of the bouquet, as is rubbery dark fruit. The palate is smooth in feel but a little herbal and leafy, with a mix of berry fruit and mild green notes.', "A value-priced California Zin from the folks at Sobon in Amador County, this wine is jammy in blackberry flavor, meaty with traces of tobacco. While the finish is long it's also piqued with a taste of high alcohol.", 'Vibrant aromas of honeysuckle, honey-drizzled peach and green apple lead to medium-sweet stone-fruit flavors. Pair it with a spicy Thai dish. END
START HERE A value-priced California Zin from the folks at Sobon in Amador County, this wine is jammy in blackberry flavor, meaty with traces of tobacco. While the finish is long it's also piqued with a taste of high alcohol.", 'Vibrant aromas of honeysuckle, honey-drizzled peach and green apple lead to medium-sweet stone-fruit flavors. Pair it with a spicy Thai dish.', 'Dark garnet to the eye, this wine has aromas of black cherry, black raspberry, coffee and freshly ground black pepper. Flavors of height-of-summer cherry, raspberry and baking spice persist on the palate through a finish that is awash in silky tannins. END
START HERE Vibrant aromas of honeysuckle, honey-drizzled peach and green apple lead to medium-sweet stone-fruit flavors. Pair it with a spicy Thai dish.', 'Dark garnet to the eye, this wine has aromas of black cherry, black raspberry, coffee and freshly ground black pepper. Flavors of height-of-summer cherry, raspberry and baking spice persist on the palate through a finish that is awash in silky tannins.', "Seems as though St. Lucas's white wines are more sturdy than its reds. This Chard is fleshy and won't last much longer, but for dense melon, peach and cider-like flavors and relatively good balance, it's making the grade. Plump and tropical on the finish as it battles to stay in line. END
START HERE Dark garnet to the eye, this wine has aromas of black cherry, black raspberry, coffee and freshly ground black pepper. Flavors of height-of-summer cherry, raspberry and baking spice persist on the palate through a finish that is awash in silky tannins.', "Seems as though St. Lucas's white wines are more sturdy than its reds. This Chard is fleshy and won't last much longer, but for dense melon, peach and cider-like flavors and relatively good balance, it's making the grade. Plump and tropical on the finish as it battles to stay in line.", "This is a simple red wine that's rustic, bearing flavors of raspberry and cherry Lifesaver candy and Dr. Pepper cola. END
START HERE Seems as though St. Lucas's white wines are more sturdy than its reds. This Chard is fleshy and won't last much longer, but for dense melon, peach and cider-like flavors and relatively good balance, it's making the grade. Plump and tropical on the finish as it battles to stay in line.", "This is a simple red wine that's rustic, bearing flavors of raspberry and cherry Lifesaver candy and Dr. Pepper cola.", "Prickly refers to the wine's texture, which is definitely lightly frizzante (spritzy). That helps boost the wine's aromas, making it perfumed and floral, even Muscat-like. It's light in body and slightly off dry, with notes of apricot, apple blossom and gingery spice. Drink now. END
START HERE This is a simple red wine that's rustic, bearing flavors of raspberry and cherry Lifesaver candy and Dr. Pepper cola.", "Prickly refers to the wine's texture, which is definitely lightly frizzante (spritzy). That helps boost the wine's aromas, making it perfumed and floral, even Muscat-like. It's light in body and slightly off dry, with notes of apricot, apple blossom and gingery spice. Drink now.", "This Sauvignon Blanc smells of lemon, vanilla and pear. It's crisp and steely, with sourness on the finish. END
START HERE Prickly refers to the wine's texture, which is definitely lightly frizzante (spritzy). That helps boost the wine's aromas, making it perfumed and floral, even Muscat-like. It's light in body and slightly off dry, with notes of apricot, apple blossom and gingery spice. Drink now.", "This Sauvignon Blanc smells of lemon, vanilla and pear. It's crisp and steely, with sourness on the finish.", "Tomato and herb aromas are followed by red fruit and peppery notes. The simple finish does nothing to hurt or improve the wine. It's very Average, but drinkable. END
START HERE This Sauvignon Blanc smells of lemon, vanilla and pear. It's crisp and steely, with sourness on the finish.", "Tomato and herb aromas are followed by red fruit and peppery notes. The simple finish does nothing to hurt or improve the wine. It's very Average, but drinkable.", "Opens with watery, citrusy aromas, and tastes of apples and grapefruits. Not much complexity or depth, but it's clean, with no flaws. On the soft side, and finishes with a little residual sugar. END
START HERE Tomato and herb aromas are followed by red fruit and peppery notes. The simple finish does nothing to hurt or improve the wine. It's very Average, but drinkable.", "Opens with watery, citrusy aromas, and tastes of apples and grapefruits. Not much complexity or depth, but it's clean, with no flaws. On the soft side, and finishes with a little residual sugar.", 'A lush, medium-bodied wine with an extroverted personality, this starts with aromas like butter, vanilla and toasted baguette, then emphasizes ripe pear and yellow-peach flavors. A soft texture and lingering finish completes the picture. END
START HERE Opens with watery, citrusy aromas, and tastes of apples and grapefruits. Not much complexity or depth, but it's clean, with no flaws. On the soft side, and finishes with a little residual sugar.", 'A lush, medium-bodied wine with an extroverted personality, this starts with aromas like butter, vanilla and toasted baguette, then emphasizes ripe pear and yellow-peach flavors. A soft texture and lingering finish completes the picture.', 'Lean and angular in the nose, with grapefruit and pine aromas. The palate offers some grapefruit and citrus pith, and the finish is tangy, sharp and runs toward bitter. In addition, the mouthfeel is flat. END
START HERE A lush, medium-bodied wine with an extroverted personality, this starts with aromas like butter, vanilla and toasted baguette, then emphasizes ripe pear and yellow-peach flavors. A soft texture and lingering finish completes the picture.', 'Lean and angular in the nose, with grapefruit and pine aromas. The palate offers some grapefruit and citrus pith, and the finish is tangy, sharp and runs toward bitter. In addition, the mouthfeel is flat.', 'Fleshy, tropical aromas with a touch of varietal snap set up a green palate with sweet lime and scallion flavors. The finish shows ripeness and tropical notes before turning heavy. Drink this well chilled. END
START HERE Lean and angular in the nose, with grapefruit and pine aromas. The palate offers some grapefruit and citrus pith, and the finish is tangy, sharp and runs toward bitter. In addition, the mouthfeel is flat.', 'Fleshy, tropical aromas with a touch of varietal snap set up a green palate with sweet lime and scallion flavors. The finish shows ripeness and tropical notes before turning heavy. Drink this well chilled.', 'Sweet aromas of wet clay and latex give way to spicecake and standard berry and cassis. Feels layered and round, with good density and balance to go with berry, cassis and mild herbal flavors. Holds steady on the finish. A regular but solid Cab for everyday purposes. END
START HERE Fleshy, tropical aromas with a touch of varietal snap set up a green palate with sweet lime and scallion flavors. The finish shows ripeness and tropical notes before turning heavy. Drink this well chilled.', 'Sweet aromas of wet clay and latex give way to spicecake and standard berry and cassis. Feels layered and round, with good density and balance to go with berry, cassis and mild herbal flavors. Holds steady on the finish. A regular but solid Cab for everyday purposes.', 'A subtle nose of smoke and spice leads into flavors of smoke, slightly tart berry and spice on this affordable South African Merlot. Smooth tannins and a soft finish give the wine an everyday, food-friendly feel. END
START HERE Sweet aromas of wet clay and latex give way to spicecake and standard berry and cassis. Feels layered and round, with good density and balance to go with berry, cassis and mild herbal flavors. Holds steady on the finish. A regular but solid Cab for everyday purposes.', 'A subtle nose of smoke and spice leads into flavors of smoke, slightly tart berry and spice on this affordable South African Merlot. Smooth tannins and a soft finish give the wine an everyday, food-friendly feel.', "A good, classic California Zin, dry, medium-bodied and briary, filled with spicy tobacco, wild cherry and pepper flavors. It's a lot of fun, at a great price. Perfect with barbecue, beef stew, beef tacos, roast pork, chicken cacciatore. END
START HERE A subtle nose of smoke and spice leads into flavors of smoke, slightly tart berry and spice on this affordable South African Merlot. Smooth tannins and a soft finish give the wine an everyday, food-friendly feel.', "A good, classic California Zin, dry, medium-bodied and briary, filled with spicy tobacco, wild cherry and pepper flavors. It's a lot of fun, at a great price. Perfect with barbecue, beef stew, beef tacos, roast pork, chicken cacciatore.", "Nothing like an Argentine Malbec, but not a bad wine. It's marked by high acidity that gives it a real bite, and exceptional dryness. Yet there's a good core of blackberry fruit. A rich steak will tease out the sweetness. END
START HERE A good, classic California Zin, dry, medium-bodied and briary, filled with spicy tobacco, wild cherry and pepper flavors. It's a lot of fun, at a great price. Perfect with barbecue, beef stew, beef tacos, roast pork, chicken cacciatore.", "Nothing like an Argentine Malbec, but not a bad wine. It's marked by high acidity that gives it a real bite, and exceptional dryness. Yet there's a good core of blackberry fruit. A rich steak will tease out the sweetness.", 'A 40-30-30 blend of Sangiovese, Merlot and Syrah, this shows a touch of cola-like fizz that tickles the tongue. Its aromas include cherry, blueberry and a touch of natural rubber. END
START HERE Nothing like an Argentine Malbec, but not a bad wine. It's marked by high acidity that gives it a real bite, and exceptional dryness. Yet there's a good core of blackberry fruit. A rich steak will tease out the sweetness.", 'A 40-30-30 blend of Sangiovese, Merlot and Syrah, this shows a touch of cola-like fizz that tickles the tongue. Its aromas include cherry, blueberry and a touch of natural rubber.', 'This big soft wine smells and tastes a little sweet, as an aroma like maple syrup leads to flavors of blackberry jam, cinnamon and butter. END
START HERE A 40-30-30 blend of Sangiovese, Merlot and Syrah, this shows a touch of cola-like fizz that tickles the tongue. Its aromas include cherry, blueberry and a touch of natural rubber.', 'This big soft wine smells and tastes a little sweet, as an aroma like maple syrup leads to flavors of blackberry jam, cinnamon and butter.', 'Simple and seemingly sweet, this Chardonnay has apricot jam flavors. END
START HERE This big soft wine smells and tastes a little sweet, as an aroma like maple syrup leads to flavors of blackberry jam, cinnamon and butter.', 'Simple and seemingly sweet, this Chardonnay has apricot jam flavors.', 'This budget wine has sweet fruit and soft tannins, along with surprising concentration and length. Offsetting a hint of stemminess are generous, varietally true flavors, and a rich, meaty nose that suggests beef and coffee. Best Buy. —P.G. END
START HERE Simple and seemingly sweet, this Chardonnay has apricot jam flavors.', 'This budget wine has sweet fruit and soft tannins, along with surprising concentration and length. Offsetting a hint of stemminess are generous, varietally true flavors, and a rich, meaty nose that suggests beef and coffee. Best Buy. —P.G.', 'Light on the nose, it feels tangy in the mouth, with sharp flavors of mustard, brine and lime. This finishes with a pickled flavor. END
START HERE This budget wine has sweet fruit and soft tannins, along with surprising concentration and length. Offsetting a hint of stemminess are generous, varietally true flavors, and a rich, meaty nose that suggests beef and coffee. Best Buy. —P.G.', 'Light on the nose, it feels tangy in the mouth, with sharp flavors of mustard, brine and lime. This finishes with a pickled flavor.', 'The nose is pickled and vegetal. Some cherry and raspberry fruit mix on the palate, while the finish is hot and spicy. In the mouth, this wine starts off better than it finishes, so it might be acceptable for low-care, quick consumption. END
START HERE Light on the nose, it feels tangy in the mouth, with sharp flavors of mustard, brine and lime. This finishes with a pickled flavor.', 'The nose is pickled and vegetal. Some cherry and raspberry fruit mix on the palate, while the finish is hot and spicy. In the mouth, this wine starts off better than it finishes, so it might be acceptable for low-care, quick consumption.', "Fills an important niche in California whites, a bone-dry, tartly crisp, minerally wine that gets the mouth watering. With pleasant citrus, floral and peppery spice flavors, it's perfect as a cocktail sipper with appetizers, like puff pastries, grilled veggies, toast rounds with goat cheese. END
START HERE The nose is pickled and vegetal. Some cherry and raspberry fruit mix on the palate, while the finish is hot and spicy. In the mouth, this wine starts off better than it finishes, so it might be acceptable for low-care, quick consumption.', "Fills an important niche in California whites, a bone-dry, tartly crisp, minerally wine that gets the mouth watering. With pleasant citrus, floral and peppery spice flavors, it's perfect as a cocktail sipper with appetizers, like puff pastries, grilled veggies, toast rounds with goat cheese.", "This darkly colored blush may be technically dry, like the label says, but it tastes as sweet as raspberry Kool-Aid. If you like that fruity style, it's for you. END
START HERE Fills an important niche in California whites, a bone-dry, tartly crisp, minerally wine that gets the mouth watering. With pleasant citrus, floral and peppery spice flavors, it's perfect as a cocktail sipper with appetizers, like puff pastries, grilled veggies, toast rounds with goat cheese.", "This darkly colored blush may be technically dry, like the label says, but it tastes as sweet as raspberry Kool-Aid. If you like that fruity style, it's for you.", 'Light and easy, this has direct aromas and flavors of green plum, lime, just-dried grass and underripe mango. Medium acidity keeps the finish clean and bright. Drink now. END
START HERE This darkly colored blush may be technically dry, like the label says, but it tastes as sweet as raspberry Kool-Aid. If you like that fruity style, it's for you.", 'Light and easy, this has direct aromas and flavors of green plum, lime, just-dried grass and underripe mango. Medium acidity keeps the finish clean and bright. Drink now.', "A good-value Cabernet Sauvignon that's straightforward in texture, body and structure. Its dark cherry and herbal tones are just right for meaty mid-week dishes, including that old standby, roast chicken. END
START HERE Light and easy, this has direct aromas and flavors of green plum, lime, just-dried grass and underripe mango. Medium acidity keeps the finish clean and bright. Drink now.', "A good-value Cabernet Sauvignon that's straightforward in texture, body and structure. Its dark cherry and herbal tones are just right for meaty mid-week dishes, including that old standby, roast chicken.", "Soft and rich with pineapple, lemon candy and oak flavors, this simple Chardonnay has the benefit of acidity for balance. It's a nice, basic Chard at an everyday price. END
START HERE A good-value Cabernet Sauvignon that's straightforward in texture, body and structure. Its dark cherry and herbal tones are just right for meaty mid-week dishes, including that old standby, roast chicken.", "Soft and rich with pineapple, lemon candy and oak flavors, this simple Chardonnay has the benefit of acidity for balance. It's a nice, basic Chard at an everyday price.", "This moderately aromatic wine offers notes of herbs, peach and soda water. It's medium sweet with lightly spritzy fruit flavors that have an herbal tinge. END
START HERE Soft and rich with pineapple, lemon candy and oak flavors, this simple Chardonnay has the benefit of acidity for balance. It's a nice, basic Chard at an everyday price.", "This moderately aromatic wine offers notes of herbs, peach and soda water. It's medium sweet with lightly spritzy fruit flavors that have an herbal tinge.", "This has a traditional garnet color with a light rim. It smells a bit earthy and herbal and tastes rather lean, like rhubarb and sour-cherry candy. It's light to medium bodied, a bit quirky but enjoyable. END
START HERE This moderately aromatic wine offers notes of herbs, peach and soda water. It's medium sweet with lightly spritzy fruit flavors that have an herbal tinge.", "This has a traditional garnet color with a light rim. It smells a bit earthy and herbal and tastes rather lean, like rhubarb and sour-cherry candy. It's light to medium bodied, a bit quirky but enjoyable.", "This is a waxy, rather soft rendition of Sauvignon Blanc, and the pretty fruit flavors mix grapefruit, citrus and pineapple. There is very little suggestion of Sauvignon Blanc's herbal or grassy side; the grapes seem to have been ripened past that point, though not all the way to California-style, tropical fruit flavors. All in all this is a well-crafted, smooth and flavorful wine, with a portion barrel-aged for extra complexity. END
START HERE This has a traditional garnet color with a light rim. It smells a bit earthy and herbal and tastes rather lean, like rhubarb and sour-cherry candy. It's light to medium bodied, a bit quirky but enjoyable.", "This is a waxy, rather soft rendition of Sauvignon Blanc, and the pretty fruit flavors mix grapefruit, citrus and pineapple. There is very little suggestion of Sauvignon Blanc's herbal or grassy side; the grapes seem to have been ripened past that point, though not all the way to California-style, tropical fruit flavors. All in all this is a well-crafted, smooth and flavorful wine, with a portion barrel-aged for extra complexity.", "Here's a good everyday Chardonnay. It's rich and creamy, with forward fruit flavors of peaches, pineapples and ripe pears that finish slightly sweet. END
START HERE This is a waxy, rather soft rendition of Sauvignon Blanc, and the pretty fruit flavors mix grapefruit, citrus and pineapple. There is very little suggestion of Sauvignon Blanc's herbal or grassy side; the grapes seem to have been ripened past that point, though not all the way to California-style, tropical fruit flavors. All in all this is a well-crafted, smooth and flavorful wine, with a portion barrel-aged for extra complexity.", "Here's a good everyday Chardonnay. It's rich and creamy, with forward fruit flavors of peaches, pineapples and ripe pears that finish slightly sweet.", 'Pickled, briny aromas set up a plump palate that is the best part of the wine. Flavors of bland melon are salty, while the finish fails to improve on anything that came before it. END
START HERE Here's a good everyday Chardonnay. It's rich and creamy, with forward fruit flavors of peaches, pineapples and ripe pears that finish slightly sweet.", 'Pickled, briny aromas set up a plump palate that is the best part of the wine. Flavors of bland melon are salty, while the finish fails to improve on anything that came before it.', 'Soft caramel aromas lead to a light, fresh wine with attractive red berry fruits. It is an easy style, only a touch of texture. Screwcap. END
START HERE Pickled, briny aromas set up a plump palate that is the best part of the wine. Flavors of bland melon are salty, while the finish fails to improve on anything that came before it.', 'Soft caramel aromas lead to a light, fresh wine with attractive red berry fruits. It is an easy style, only a touch of texture. Screwcap.', 'Soft peach and wild berries lead the way on the nose, while the medium weight mouth offers a bit more fleshy stone fruit and watermelon flavors. The finish is dry and accented by hints of peppery spice. END
START HERE Soft caramel aromas lead to a light, fresh wine with attractive red berry fruits. It is an easy style, only a touch of texture. Screwcap.', 'Soft peach and wild berries lead the way on the nose, while the medium weight mouth offers a bit more fleshy stone fruit and watermelon flavors. The finish is dry and accented by hints of peppery spice.', 'A draft of menthol and aromas of chocolate and mossy fruit work pretty nicely on the nose, while the palate is superripe, a bit candied and accented by spice and coffee. This is a strong starter, though it falls off a little on the finish. END
START HERE Soft peach and wild berries lead the way on the nose, while the medium weight mouth offers a bit more fleshy stone fruit and watermelon flavors. The finish is dry and accented by hints of peppery spice.', 'A draft of menthol and aromas of chocolate and mossy fruit work pretty nicely on the nose, while the palate is superripe, a bit candied and accented by spice and coffee. This is a strong starter, though it falls off a little on the finish.', 'Spicy, smoky oak aromas dominate this dark-colored and full-bodied wine. Cherry and raspberry emerge as the flavors. The texture is plush but not quite soft, as firm tannins and moderate acidity give it good structure. END
START HERE A draft of menthol and aromas of chocolate and mossy fruit work pretty nicely on the nose, while the palate is superripe, a bit candied and accented by spice and coffee. This is a strong starter, though it falls off a little on the finish.', 'Spicy, smoky oak aromas dominate this dark-colored and full-bodied wine. Cherry and raspberry emerge as the flavors. The texture is plush but not quite soft, as firm tannins and moderate acidity give it good structure.', 'Gritty, green aromas are not really ripe or friendly. This is high in pyrazines and tastes peppery and largely fruitless. A sour finish with sweaty notes are as expected given the nose and flavors. END
START HERE Spicy, smoky oak aromas dominate this dark-colored and full-bodied wine. Cherry and raspberry emerge as the flavors. The texture is plush but not quite soft, as firm tannins and moderate acidity give it good structure.', 'Gritty, green aromas are not really ripe or friendly. This is high in pyrazines and tastes peppery and largely fruitless. A sour finish with sweaty notes are as expected given the nose and flavors.', 'Soft and candied, this is a ripe wine that has sweet strawberry-fruit flavors. It is ready to drink. END
START HERE Gritty, green aromas are not really ripe or friendly. This is high in pyrazines and tastes peppery and largely fruitless. A sour finish with sweaty notes are as expected given the nose and flavors.', 'Soft and candied, this is a ripe wine that has sweet strawberry-fruit flavors. It is ready to drink.', "Big, bold, and buttery, with plenty of oaky micro-popcorn flavors. Don't look for subtlety, but you get plenty of flavor. END
START HERE Soft and candied, this is a ripe wine that has sweet strawberry-fruit flavors. It is ready to drink.', "Big, bold, and buttery, with plenty of oaky micro-popcorn flavors. Don't look for subtlety, but you get plenty of flavor.", "Big and boisterous, as if you're sniffing a bed of coal, menthol and macerated black fruit. The palate is sun-drenched and juicy, but not what you'd call elevated. And the finish mixes savory flavors with tight tannins. A good red wine that bears little semblance to Old World Syrah. END
START HERE Big, bold, and buttery, with plenty of oaky micro-popcorn flavors. Don't look for subtlety, but you get plenty of flavor.", "Big and boisterous, as if you're sniffing a bed of coal, menthol and macerated black fruit. The palate is sun-drenched and juicy, but not what you'd call elevated. And the finish mixes savory flavors with tight tannins. A good red wine that bears little semblance to Old World Syrah.", 'Aromas of lemon juice and green apple lead to delicious ripe fruit flavors and hints of butter and vanilla on the palate. The texture is round and soft on the medium body, making it easy to enjoy now. END
START HERE Big and boisterous, as if you're sniffing a bed of coal, menthol and macerated black fruit. The palate is sun-drenched and juicy, but not what you'd call elevated. And the finish mixes savory flavors with tight tannins. A good red wine that bears little semblance to Old World Syrah.", 'Aromas of lemon juice and green apple lead to delicious ripe fruit flavors and hints of butter and vanilla on the palate. The texture is round and soft on the medium body, making it easy to enjoy now.', 'New Mexico and Riesling seem an unlikely combination but it works in this wine. Scents of almond, apricot and freesia lead to a slightly sweet palate that winds down to a short, soft finish. Drink up. END
START HERE Aromas of lemon juice and green apple lead to delicious ripe fruit flavors and hints of butter and vanilla on the palate. The texture is round and soft on the medium body, making it easy to enjoy now.', 'New Mexico and Riesling seem an unlikely combination but it works in this wine. Scents of almond, apricot and freesia lead to a slightly sweet palate that winds down to a short, soft finish. Drink up.', 'This is herbal, burnt and stalky smelling, then raw and herbal tasting, with weedy notes and a scratchy finish. END
START HERE New Mexico and Riesling seem an unlikely combination but it works in this wine. Scents of almond, apricot and freesia lead to a slightly sweet palate that winds down to a short, soft finish. Drink up.', 'This is herbal, burnt and stalky smelling, then raw and herbal tasting, with weedy notes and a scratchy finish.', 'Asphalt and gaseous aromas take a while to settle, but after they do, leather and scratchy blackberry scents surface. It feels big and brawny, with max extraction. It tastes masculine but salty, with bitter chocolate and peppery accents. Bulky for $11 wine. END
START HERE This is herbal, burnt and stalky smelling, then raw and herbal tasting, with weedy notes and a scratchy finish.', 'Asphalt and gaseous aromas take a while to settle, but after they do, leather and scratchy blackberry scents surface. It feels big and brawny, with max extraction. It tastes masculine but salty, with bitter chocolate and peppery accents. Bulky for $11 wine.', "Light, lucid and exactly what we're looking for from Chile. This organic wine has pure varietal aromas of nettles, tarragon and citrus, which are followed by flavors of green fruits, scallion and pepper. It's super zesty and spritzy, with a cleansing finish. About as true as they come in this price range. END
START HERE Asphalt and gaseous aromas take a while to settle, but after they do, leather and scratchy blackberry scents surface. It feels big and brawny, with max extraction. It tastes masculine but salty, with bitter chocolate and peppery accents. Bulky for $11 wine.', "Light, lucid and exactly what we're looking for from Chile. This organic wine has pure varietal aromas of nettles, tarragon and citrus, which are followed by flavors of green fruits, scallion and pepper. It's super zesty and spritzy, with a cleansing finish. About as true as they come in this price range.", 'Savory, cooked apples spiked with apple cider vinegar mark the nose and palate of this simple, homespun Chardonnay. END
START HERE Light, lucid and exactly what we're looking for from Chile. This organic wine has pure varietal aromas of nettles, tarragon and citrus, which are followed by flavors of green fruits, scallion and pepper. It's super zesty and spritzy, with a cleansing finish. About as true as they come in this price range.", 'Savory, cooked apples spiked with apple cider vinegar mark the nose and palate of this simple, homespun Chardonnay.', "This is a ripe Chardonnay with aromas of pineapple, Golden Delicious apple and honey. It's slightly thick and sticky on the close. END
START HERE Savory, cooked apples spiked with apple cider vinegar mark the nose and palate of this simple, homespun Chardonnay.', "This is a ripe Chardonnay with aromas of pineapple, Golden Delicious apple and honey. It's slightly thick and sticky on the close.", 'There are woody aromas to the nose but little fruit. This is fresh but empty in the mouth, with woody flavors of barbecue and hickory but, once again, minimal fruitiness. END
START HERE This is a ripe Chardonnay with aromas of pineapple, Golden Delicious apple and honey. It's slightly thick and sticky on the close.", 'There are woody aromas to the nose but little fruit. This is fresh but empty in the mouth, with woody flavors of barbecue and hickory but, once again, minimal fruitiness.', 'Dusty plum and berry aromas are clean. In the mouth, this is hard and wiry. Salty snappy plum flavors dry out and taste a bit like tin on a raw finish. END
START HERE There are woody aromas to the nose but little fruit. This is fresh but empty in the mouth, with woody flavors of barbecue and hickory but, once again, minimal fruitiness.', 'Dusty plum and berry aromas are clean. In the mouth, this is hard and wiry. Salty snappy plum flavors dry out and taste a bit like tin on a raw finish.', "Waxy, stalky aromas lack freshness. This is chunky and citrusy on the palate, with wheaty flavors and a note of stale orange juice. A juicy-feeling finish doesn't much improve the impression. END
START HERE Dusty plum and berry aromas are clean. In the mouth, this is hard and wiry. Salty snappy plum flavors dry out and taste a bit like tin on a raw finish.', "Waxy, stalky aromas lack freshness. This is chunky and citrusy on the palate, with wheaty flavors and a note of stale orange juice. A juicy-feeling finish doesn't much improve the impression.", "Pretty blossom and apricot aromas bolster ripe, rich flavors of honey tangerine and yellow peach in this forward, fruity wine. There's no pretense here: It's a hedonistic guzzler of a wine, but its tangy salt-and-lime finish makes it hard to resist another glass. Drink while young. END
START HERE Waxy, stalky aromas lack freshness. This is chunky and citrusy on the palate, with wheaty flavors and a note of stale orange juice. A juicy-feeling finish doesn't much improve the impression.", "Pretty blossom and apricot aromas bolster ripe, rich flavors of honey tangerine and yellow peach in this forward, fruity wine. There's no pretense here: It's a hedonistic guzzler of a wine, but its tangy salt-and-lime finish makes it hard to resist another glass. Drink while young.", 'Caramel and strawberry aromas lead to a ripe, while still, crisp crushed red berry wine. Good acidity, a light just off-dry texture. END
START HERE Pretty blossom and apricot aromas bolster ripe, rich flavors of honey tangerine and yellow peach in this forward, fruity wine. There's no pretense here: It's a hedonistic guzzler of a wine, but its tangy salt-and-lime finish makes it hard to resist another glass. Drink while young.", 'Caramel and strawberry aromas lead to a ripe, while still, crisp crushed red berry wine. Good acidity, a light just off-dry texture.', 'Blueberry and green-herb aromas give this Malbec-led blend a grassy bouquet. Jammy and chewy in the mouth, this tastes like raisin, molasses and herbal blueberry. Minty, herbal notes dominate the finish. END
START HERE Caramel and strawberry aromas lead to a ripe, while still, crisp crushed red berry wine. Good acidity, a light just off-dry texture.', 'Blueberry and green-herb aromas give this Malbec-led blend a grassy bouquet. Jammy and chewy in the mouth, this tastes like raisin, molasses and herbal blueberry. Minty, herbal notes dominate the finish.', 'Harsh, resiny oak aromas are devoid of fruit. This is flat, creamy and mushy in feel, with flavors of melon, powdered sugar and raw wood. The finish is resiny and candied. END
START HERE Blueberry and green-herb aromas give this Malbec-led blend a grassy bouquet. Jammy and chewy in the mouth, this tastes like raisin, molasses and herbal blueberry. Minty, herbal notes dominate the finish.', 'Harsh, resiny oak aromas are devoid of fruit. This is flat, creamy and mushy in feel, with flavors of melon, powdered sugar and raw wood. The finish is resiny and candied.', 'Neutral smelling except for some pear and mild apple, while the palate is tangy and linear, with citrus, lemon and green apple flavors. Clangy and ringy on the finish, but solid all around. Drink soon or wait for the upcoming vintage. END
START HERE Harsh, resiny oak aromas are devoid of fruit. This is flat, creamy and mushy in feel, with flavors of melon, powdered sugar and raw wood. The finish is resiny and candied.', 'Neutral smelling except for some pear and mild apple, while the palate is tangy and linear, with citrus, lemon and green apple flavors. Clangy and ringy on the finish, but solid all around. Drink soon or wait for the upcoming vintage.', 'Sour plum and cranberry aromas are almost volatile, leading to a racy, acidic palate. Snappy, tart flavors of red plum and pie cherry finish with scouring acidity. This is a fresh but raw Malbec. END
START HERE Neutral smelling except for some pear and mild apple, while the palate is tangy and linear, with citrus, lemon and green apple flavors. Clangy and ringy on the finish, but solid all around. Drink soon or wait for the upcoming vintage.', 'Sour plum and cranberry aromas are almost volatile, leading to a racy, acidic palate. Snappy, tart flavors of red plum and pie cherry finish with scouring acidity. This is a fresh but raw Malbec.', "There's a green edge to this wine that struggles with the richer dark berries and fudge cake flavors. Soft and round in the mouth with a short finish. END
START HERE Sour plum and cranberry aromas are almost volatile, leading to a racy, acidic palate. Snappy, tart flavors of red plum and pie cherry finish with scouring acidity. This is a fresh but raw Malbec.', "There's a green edge to this wine that struggles with the richer dark berries and fudge cake flavors. Soft and round in the mouth with a short finish.", 'Fruit filled aromas of fresh plum, herb and blackberry lead to forward, plush dark-fruit flavors. The tannins give a light squeeze, with a touch of sugar sweetening the finish. END
START HERE There's a green edge to this wine that struggles with the richer dark berries and fudge cake flavors. Soft and round in the mouth with a short finish.", 'Fruit filled aromas of fresh plum, herb and blackberry lead to forward, plush dark-fruit flavors. The tannins give a light squeeze, with a touch of sugar sweetening the finish.', 'Light simple citrus aromas fall halfway between punchy and vacuous. This feels wet but basic, while briny flavors of pickled cucumber and scallion blend with citrus notes. A fair finish is fresh and light. END
START HERE Fruit filled aromas of fresh plum, herb and blackberry lead to forward, plush dark-fruit flavors. The tannins give a light squeeze, with a touch of sugar sweetening the finish.', 'Light simple citrus aromas fall halfway between punchy and vacuous. This feels wet but basic, while briny flavors of pickled cucumber and scallion blend with citrus notes. A fair finish is fresh and light.', 'Green, lightly vegetal aromas of pole beans and canned peas lead to a palate with moderate acidity and pop. A briny mix of citrus and vegetal flavors carries over to the finish. END
START HERE Light simple citrus aromas fall halfway between punchy and vacuous. This feels wet but basic, while briny flavors of pickled cucumber and scallion blend with citrus notes. A fair finish is fresh and light.', 'Green, lightly vegetal aromas of pole beans and canned peas lead to a palate with moderate acidity and pop. A briny mix of citrus and vegetal flavors carries over to the finish.', 'Roasted on the nose, and also a bit flat and stalky smelling. Feels round and simple, with oaky, rustic berry flavors accented by pepper, herbs and tomato. Falls off to basic on the finish, with leafiness. Cabernet Sauvignon with Merlot, Malbec and Pinot Noir. END
START HERE Green, lightly vegetal aromas of pole beans and canned peas lead to a palate with moderate acidity and pop. A briny mix of citrus and vegetal flavors carries over to the finish.', 'Roasted on the nose, and also a bit flat and stalky smelling. Feels round and simple, with oaky, rustic berry flavors accented by pepper, herbs and tomato. Falls off to basic on the finish, with leafiness. Cabernet Sauvignon with Merlot, Malbec and Pinot Noir.', 'Off-dry, with 24 g/L residual sugar, this fragrant and refreshing wine blends in small amounts of Muscat and Gewürztraminer. Tangerine and peach flavors are concentrated in the core, while the finish brings in lovely flavors of English breakfast tea. END
START HERE Roasted on the nose, and also a bit flat and stalky smelling. Feels round and simple, with oaky, rustic berry flavors accented by pepper, herbs and tomato. Falls off to basic on the finish, with leafiness. Cabernet Sauvignon with Merlot, Malbec and Pinot Noir.', 'Off-dry, with 24 g/L residual sugar, this fragrant and refreshing wine blends in small amounts of Muscat and Gewürztraminer. Tangerine and peach flavors are concentrated in the core, while the finish brings in lovely flavors of English breakfast tea.', 'Harsh aromas are devoid of fruit. The mouthfeel is heavy and oily in texture, while the flavors are flat and suggestive of bitter melon. END
START HERE Off-dry, with 24 g/L residual sugar, this fragrant and refreshing wine blends in small amounts of Muscat and Gewürztraminer. Tangerine and peach flavors are concentrated in the core, while the finish brings in lovely flavors of English breakfast tea.', 'Harsh aromas are devoid of fruit. The mouthfeel is heavy and oily in texture, while the flavors are flat and suggestive of bitter melon.', 'Thin in fruit and sharp in acidity, this Merlot at least is dry and silky on the palate. It has raisin and oak flavors. END
START HERE Harsh aromas are devoid of fruit. The mouthfeel is heavy and oily in texture, while the flavors are flat and suggestive of bitter melon.', 'Thin in fruit and sharp in acidity, this Merlot at least is dry and silky on the palate. It has raisin and oak flavors.', "A little sharp and simple, but for the price, this everyday Cab gets the job done. It's dry and tannic, with good blackberry fruit. END
START HERE Thin in fruit and sharp in acidity, this Merlot at least is dry and silky on the palate. It has raisin and oak flavors.', "A little sharp and simple, but for the price, this everyday Cab gets the job done. It's dry and tannic, with good blackberry fruit.", "A good value Cabernet from Argentina? You bet. This one smells like a bowl full of berries touched up with spice, vanilla and leather. It's fresh and ripe in the mouth, with flavors of blackberry jam and nutmeg. Smooth on the finish, it gets things right without pushing the envelope. END
START HERE A little sharp and simple, but for the price, this everyday Cab gets the job done. It's dry and tannic, with good blackberry fruit.", "A good value Cabernet from Argentina? You bet. This one smells like a bowl full of berries touched up with spice, vanilla and leather. It's fresh and ripe in the mouth, with flavors of blackberry jam and nutmeg. Smooth on the finish, it gets things right without pushing the envelope.", 'Crisp, citrusy and slightly herbal, this is a well made, mainstream Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc at a terrific price. END
START HERE A good value Cabernet from Argentina? You bet. This one smells like a bowl full of berries touched up with spice, vanilla and leather. It's fresh and ripe in the mouth, with flavors of blackberry jam and nutmeg. Smooth on the finish, it gets things right without pushing the envelope.", 'Crisp, citrusy and slightly herbal, this is a well made, mainstream Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc at a terrific price.', 'Cheesy aromas and a whiff of wet cement are more pronounced than basic plum scents. This tastes of candied fruits and chocolate prior to a simple sweet, sugary finish. END
START HERE Crisp, citrusy and slightly herbal, this is a well made, mainstream Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc at a terrific price.', 'Cheesy aromas and a whiff of wet cement are more pronounced than basic plum scents. This tastes of candied fruits and chocolate prior to a simple sweet, sugary finish.', 'This Chardonnay is slightly metallic and briny on the bouquet. It feels plump and chunky, with citrus and pineapple flavors coming in front of a quiet finish. END
START HERE Cheesy aromas and a whiff of wet cement are more pronounced than basic plum scents. This tastes of candied fruits and chocolate prior to a simple sweet, sugary finish.', 'This Chardonnay is slightly metallic and briny on the bouquet. It feels plump and chunky, with citrus and pineapple flavors coming in front of a quiet finish.', "Made from the Négrette grape found in Fronton near Toulouse, this wine has a light structure to balance its dry acidity and citrus crispness. It's packed with clean, forward red currant fruit, ready to drink now. END
START HERE This Chardonnay is slightly metallic and briny on the bouquet. It feels plump and chunky, with citrus and pineapple flavors coming in front of a quiet finish.', "Made from the Négrette grape found in Fronton near Toulouse, this wine has a light structure to balance its dry acidity and citrus crispness. It's packed with clean, forward red currant fruit, ready to drink now.", 'Mild citrus and tropical aromas are pleasant. The mouthfeel on this Central Valley SB is pulpy and full, with only moderate acidity, while flavors of melon, papaya and cucumber finish quietly. END
START HERE Made from the Négrette grape found in Fronton near Toulouse, this wine has a light structure to balance its dry acidity and citrus crispness. It's packed with clean, forward red currant fruit, ready to drink now.", 'Mild citrus and tropical aromas are pleasant. The mouthfeel on this Central Valley SB is pulpy and full, with only moderate acidity, while flavors of melon, papaya and cucumber finish quietly.', 'Tropical aromas are typical for basic Chilean Chardonnay. This is plump in feel, with cantaloupe, honeydew and chunky apple flavors. The palate feels balanced and the wine is just focused enough on the finish, which shows a spot of bracing acidity. Drink right away. END
START HERE Mild citrus and tropical aromas are pleasant. The mouthfeel on this Central Valley SB is pulpy and full, with only moderate acidity, while flavors of melon, papaya and cucumber finish quietly.', 'Tropical aromas are typical for basic Chilean Chardonnay. This is plump in feel, with cantaloupe, honeydew and chunky apple flavors. The palate feels balanced and the wine is just focused enough on the finish, which shows a spot of bracing acidity. Drink right away.', 'This is a perfect everyday wine, with immediately attractive notes of Thin Mint, mocha, black raspberry, brambly boysenberry and cassis that abound on the nose and mouth. Touches of purple flowers and cocoa powder add decadence, while soft tannins lend an approachable structure to the palate. Drink now. END
START HERE Tropical aromas are typical for basic Chilean Chardonnay. This is plump in feel, with cantaloupe, honeydew and chunky apple flavors. The palate feels balanced and the wine is just focused enough on the finish, which shows a spot of bracing acidity. Drink right away.', 'This is a perfect everyday wine, with immediately attractive notes of Thin Mint, mocha, black raspberry, brambly boysenberry and cassis that abound on the nose and mouth. Touches of purple flowers and cocoa powder add decadence, while soft tannins lend an approachable structure to the palate. Drink now.', 'Red-fruit aromas operate solo on the bouquet. This feels tight, crisp and fresh, with plum, berry and peppery spice flavors. A dry, slightly abrasive and scratchy finish deals juiciness and lasting red-fruit flavors. END
START HERE This is a perfect everyday wine, with immediately attractive notes of Thin Mint, mocha, black raspberry, brambly boysenberry and cassis that abound on the nose and mouth. Touches of purple flowers and cocoa powder add decadence, while soft tannins lend an approachable structure to the palate. Drink now.', 'Red-fruit aromas operate solo on the bouquet. This feels tight, crisp and fresh, with plum, berry and peppery spice flavors. A dry, slightly abrasive and scratchy finish deals juiciness and lasting red-fruit flavors.', 'For the price, this is one of the best Cab values in the market. It shows fine varietal character, with blackberry and cherry flavors wrapped into firm tannins and a spicy finish. END
START HERE Red-fruit aromas operate solo on the bouquet. This feels tight, crisp and fresh, with plum, berry and peppery spice flavors. A dry, slightly abrasive and scratchy finish deals juiciness and lasting red-fruit flavors.', 'For the price, this is one of the best Cab values in the market. It shows fine varietal character, with blackberry and cherry flavors wrapped into firm tannins and a spicy finish.', "Tightly herbaceous and very crisp, grassy and citrusy, this is the epitome of cool, fresh Sauvignon Blanc. It's a light, bright, easy-drinking wine that's ready to go now. END
START HERE For the price, this is one of the best Cab values in the market. It shows fine varietal character, with blackberry and cherry flavors wrapped into firm tannins and a spicy finish.', "Tightly herbaceous and very crisp, grassy and citrusy, this is the epitome of cool, fresh Sauvignon Blanc. It's a light, bright, easy-drinking wine that's ready to go now.", "Decent and quaffable but does not compare to the winery's Verdejo. This is prickly and full of pine needle, juniper and other sharp aromas. The palate has a good feel but pickled, briney flavors. Skeletal given its warm-climate origins. END
START HERE Tightly herbaceous and very crisp, grassy and citrusy, this is the epitome of cool, fresh Sauvignon Blanc. It's a light, bright, easy-drinking wine that's ready to go now.", "Decent and quaffable but does not compare to the winery's Verdejo. This is prickly and full of pine needle, juniper and other sharp aromas. The palate has a good feel but pickled, briney flavors. Skeletal given its warm-climate origins.", 'Passion fruit and nectarine aromas are joined by hints of jalapeno, while the palate displays stone fruit flavors with tropical overtones and grassy accents. This medium-bodied wine is textbook Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc at a refreshingly affordable price. END
START HERE Decent and quaffable but does not compare to the winery's Verdejo. This is prickly and full of pine needle, juniper and other sharp aromas. The palate has a good feel but pickled, briney flavors. Skeletal given its warm-climate origins.", 'Passion fruit and nectarine aromas are joined by hints of jalapeno, while the palate displays stone fruit flavors with tropical overtones and grassy accents. This medium-bodied wine is textbook Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc at a refreshingly affordable price.', "Soft, bland aromas of applesauce and herbaceous green fruits lead to a jumbled, acidic palate that's awkward and scouring. Green flavors of lime and grass finish tangy. END
START HERE Passion fruit and nectarine aromas are joined by hints of jalapeno, while the palate displays stone fruit flavors with tropical overtones and grassy accents. This medium-bodied wine is textbook Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc at a refreshingly affordable price.', "Soft, bland aromas of applesauce and herbaceous green fruits lead to a jumbled, acidic palate that's awkward and scouring. Green flavors of lime and grass finish tangy.", "Pinched and sharp on the nose, this has nettle and citrus aromas that are more typical of Sauvignon Blanc than of Chardonnay. It feels juicy and acidic, with passion fruit, grapefruit and lasting citrus flavors. It's fresh and racy, but it's varietally confusing. END
START HERE Soft, bland aromas of applesauce and herbaceous green fruits lead to a jumbled, acidic palate that's awkward and scouring. Green flavors of lime and grass finish tangy.", "Pinched and sharp on the nose, this has nettle and citrus aromas that are more typical of Sauvignon Blanc than of Chardonnay. It feels juicy and acidic, with passion fruit, grapefruit and lasting citrus flavors. It's fresh and racy, but it's varietally confusing.", "With an attractive pink color and soft acidity, the wine is fruity with red berry flavors and a soft, caramel texture. It's ready to drink while it is still so fresh. END
START HERE Pinched and sharp on the nose, this has nettle and citrus aromas that are more typical of Sauvignon Blanc than of Chardonnay. It feels juicy and acidic, with passion fruit, grapefruit and lasting citrus flavors. It's fresh and racy, but it's varietally confusing.", "With an attractive pink color and soft acidity, the wine is fruity with red berry flavors and a soft, caramel texture. It's ready to drink while it is still so fresh.", 'Brandied cherry aromas are a touch stalky and hot, but overall this opens well. Edgy in feel, this Cab shows baked berry flavors and scratchy acidity in front of a stalky, roasted tasting finish. END
START HERE With an attractive pink color and soft acidity, the wine is fruity with red berry flavors and a soft, caramel texture. It's ready to drink while it is still so fresh.", 'Brandied cherry aromas are a touch stalky and hot, but overall this opens well. Edgy in feel, this Cab shows baked berry flavors and scratchy acidity in front of a stalky, roasted tasting finish.', 'A touch of petrol lends a slick, mineral sheen to this lusciously peachy, yet zesty dry Riesling. Delicately textured yet mouth-filling, it finishes long on a lingering lime-zest note. Enjoy now for its youthful, primary nature. END
START HERE Brandied cherry aromas are a touch stalky and hot, but overall this opens well. Edgy in feel, this Cab shows baked berry flavors and scratchy acidity in front of a stalky, roasted tasting finish.', 'A touch of petrol lends a slick, mineral sheen to this lusciously peachy, yet zesty dry Riesling. Delicately textured yet mouth-filling, it finishes long on a lingering lime-zest note. Enjoy now for its youthful, primary nature', 'Fresh and green-fruited, with mildly sweet, talcum powder aromas. Turns more stark in the mouth, and toward sour apple and grapefruit. Fairly acidic, and thus more zesty than substantive. Lemony and sharp on the finish. END
START HERE A touch of petrol lends a slick, mineral sheen to this lusciously peachy, yet zesty dry Riesling. Delicately textured yet mouth-filling, it finishes long on a lingering lime-zest note. Enjoy now for its youthful, primary nature', 'Fresh and green-fruited, with mildly sweet, talcum powder aromas. Turns more stark in the mouth, and toward sour apple and grapefruit. Fairly acidic, and thus more zesty than substantive. Lemony and sharp on the finish.', "Brilliant yellow with green highlights, this Bulgarian Sauvignon Blanc has aromas and flavors of tropical fruits like mango, papaya and kumquat. There's gentle acidity in the palate and generous mouthfeel. END
START HERE Fresh and green-fruited, with mildly sweet, talcum powder aromas. Turns more stark in the mouth, and toward sour apple and grapefruit. Fairly acidic, and thus more zesty than substantive. Lemony and sharp on the finish.', "Brilliant yellow with green highlights, this Bulgarian Sauvignon Blanc has aromas and flavors of tropical fruits like mango, papaya and kumquat. There's gentle acidity in the palate and generous mouthfeel.", 'Aromatic and lively, this fresh rosé offers bright notes of juicy peach, red cherry and wild strawberry. The medium-weight palate is balanced by refreshing, orange-infused acidity that results in a clean, mouthwatering finish. END
START HERE Brilliant yellow with green highlights, this Bulgarian Sauvignon Blanc has aromas and flavors of tropical fruits like mango, papaya and kumquat. There's gentle acidity in the palate and generous mouthfeel.", 'Aromatic and lively, this fresh rosé offers bright notes of juicy peach, red cherry and wild strawberry. The medium-weight palate is balanced by refreshing, orange-infused acidity that results in a clean, mouthwatering finish.', 'Not all that clean or clear up front, with aromas of sweated onion and field greens. The palate is fairly sharp and tangy, with pickled flavors of sour apple and lemon. Citrusy on the finish. END
START HERE Aromatic and lively, this fresh rosé offers bright notes of juicy peach, red cherry and wild strawberry. The medium-weight palate is balanced by refreshing, orange-infused acidity that results in a clean, mouthwatering finish.', 'Not all that clean or clear up front, with aromas of sweated onion and field greens. The palate is fairly sharp and tangy, with pickled flavors of sour apple and lemon. Citrusy on the finish.', "Its sharp grassy and gooseberry aromas are the type normally associated with Sauvignon Blanc. On the palate, grapefruit and passion fruit flavors further drive home that impression, but it's labeled Chardonnay, and that's what it is. The acidity is nice so the mouthfeel is fresh. END
START HERE Not all that clean or clear up front, with aromas of sweated onion and field greens. The palate is fairly sharp and tangy, with pickled flavors of sour apple and lemon. Citrusy on the finish.', "Its sharp grassy and gooseberry aromas are the type normally associated with Sauvignon Blanc. On the palate, grapefruit and passion fruit flavors further drive home that impression, but it's labeled Chardonnay, and that's what it is. The acidity is nice so the mouthfeel is fresh.", 'Hats off to Beaulieu for producing a Pinot Noir this good. The wine is dry, silky and crisp in acidity, with cherry, cola, spice and sandalwood flavors. With more than 100,000 cases released, this should be relatively easy to find. END
START HERE Its sharp grassy and gooseberry aromas are the type normally associated with Sauvignon Blanc. On the palate, grapefruit and passion fruit flavors further drive home that impression, but it's labeled Chardonnay, and that's what it is. The acidity is nice so the mouthfeel is fresh.", 'Hats off to Beaulieu for producing a Pinot Noir this good. The wine is dry, silky and crisp in acidity, with cherry, cola, spice and sandalwood flavors. With more than 100,000 cases released, this should be relatively easy to find.', "This soft and fruity wine may be young, but with its bright red fruits, it's ready to drink. Its juicy red berry flavors are filled with spice and a minty character from wood aging. It finishes with ripe fruitiness. END
START HERE Hats off to Beaulieu for producing a Pinot Noir this good. The wine is dry, silky and crisp in acidity, with cherry, cola, spice and sandalwood flavors. With more than 100,000 cases released, this should be relatively easy to find.', "This soft and fruity wine may be young, but with its bright red fruits, it's ready to drink. Its juicy red berry flavors are filled with spice and a minty character from wood aging. It finishes with ripe fruitiness.", 'Forward and simple, with red fruit and citrus on the nose. The palate is lean and light bodied, with tangy, dry red fruit flavors, orange and sour sucking candy. Quite tangy on the finish, and overall it achieves only a certain level of weight and prominence. No oak. END
START HERE This soft and fruity wine may be young, but with its bright red fruits, it's ready to drink. Its juicy red berry flavors are filled with spice and a minty character from wood aging. It finishes with ripe fruitiness.", 'Forward and simple, with red fruit and citrus on the nose. The palate is lean and light bodied, with tangy, dry red fruit flavors, orange and sour sucking candy. Quite tangy on the finish, and overall it achieves only a certain level of weight and prominence. No oak.', 'Name checking an old stretch of Lodi highway, this Cab has more red cherry fruit than black as well as a noticeable trace of cedar, lacking in structure and acidity perhaps but decent enough—and very fairly priced—to pop open with a midweek steak. The grapes used are Lodi Rules certified green sustainable. END
START HERE Forward and simple, with red fruit and citrus on the nose. The palate is lean and light bodied, with tangy, dry red fruit flavors, orange and sour sucking candy. Quite tangy on the finish, and overall it achieves only a certain level of weight and prominence. No oak.', 'Name checking an old stretch of Lodi highway, this Cab has more red cherry fruit than black as well as a noticeable trace of cedar, lacking in structure and acidity perhaps but decent enough—and very fairly priced—to pop open with a midweek steak. The grapes used are Lodi Rules certified green sustainable.', 'This smells sweet and rubbery up front. The palate is tannic, with a blackberry flavor that starts sweet but turns bitter. END
START HERE Name checking an old stretch of Lodi highway, this Cab has more red cherry fruit than black as well as a noticeable trace of cedar, lacking in structure and acidity perhaps but decent enough—and very fairly priced—to pop open with a midweek steak. The grapes used are Lodi Rules certified green sustainable.', 'This smells sweet and rubbery up front. The palate is tannic, with a blackberry flavor that starts sweet but turns bitter.', "Dry, acidic and tannic, this has cherry and spice flavors. It's reminiscent of an old-fashioned Chianti. END
START HERE This smells sweet and rubbery up front. The palate is tannic, with a blackberry flavor that starts sweet but turns bitter.', "Dry, acidic and tannic, this has cherry and spice flavors. It's reminiscent of an old-fashioned Chianti.", "A bit of dust and leather for openers, with short black-fruit flavors and a big wave of tannins on the palate. So expect some grab and choppiness. Despite moderate hardness, there's good dark fruit and limited herbal intrusion. END
START HERE Dry, acidic and tannic, this has cherry and spice flavors. It's reminiscent of an old-fashioned Chianti.", "A bit of dust and leather for openers, with short black-fruit flavors and a big wave of tannins on the palate. So expect some grab and choppiness. Despite moderate hardness, there's good dark fruit and limited herbal intrusion.", 'Aromas of bland citrus, oyster shell and pool water are not stout or convincing. This basic SB feels flat, while flavors of bell pepper and salted pickle finish light, bland and green. END
START HERE A bit of dust and leather for openers, with short black-fruit flavors and a big wave of tannins on the palate. So expect some grab and choppiness. Despite moderate hardness, there's good dark fruit and limited herbal intrusion.", 'Aromas of bland citrus, oyster shell and pool water are not stout or convincing. This basic SB feels flat, while flavors of bell pepper and salted pickle finish light, bland and green.', "Sharp and sassy for the most part, but with airing things improve a bit and you start to find red fruit and honest spice. The feel is lean and vibrant, with jumpy acids creating a crisp mouthfeel. Will settle somewhat but won't ever deliver much in the way of rich berry fruit or a chewy mouthfeel. END
START HERE Aromas of bland citrus, oyster shell and pool water are not stout or convincing. This basic SB feels flat, while flavors of bell pepper and salted pickle finish light, bland and green.', "Sharp and sassy for the most part, but with airing things improve a bit and you start to find red fruit and honest spice. The feel is lean and vibrant, with jumpy acids creating a crisp mouthfeel. Will settle somewhat but won't ever deliver much in the way of rich berry fruit or a chewy mouthfeel.", 'This Chardonnay shows plenty of ripe, sunny California richness. It brims with oranges, pears and mangoes, with oak-inspired vanilla bean and buttered toast notes. END
START HERE Sharp and sassy for the most part, but with airing things improve a bit and you start to find red fruit and honest spice. The feel is lean and vibrant, with jumpy acids creating a crisp mouthfeel. Will settle somewhat but won't ever deliver much in the way of rich berry fruit or a chewy mouthfeel.", 'This Chardonnay shows plenty of ripe, sunny California richness. It brims with oranges, pears and mangoes, with oak-inspired vanilla bean and buttered toast notes.', "An instantly enjoyable, balanced rosé. It's fresh, clean and full of red berry fruits, with a crisp finish. Drink now. END
START HERE This Chardonnay shows plenty of ripe, sunny California richness. It brims with oranges, pears and mangoes, with oak-inspired vanilla bean and buttered toast notes.', "An instantly enjoyable, balanced rosé. It's fresh, clean and full of red berry fruits, with a crisp finish. Drink now.", "From a single sustainably farmed vineyard in Lodi comes this super bang for your buck. It's earthy Cab that's perfumed inside and out, with wafts of cedar burning on an open fire, as well as brick, black cherry and clove. It's balanced and structured to boot. END
START HERE An instantly enjoyable, balanced rosé. It's fresh, clean and full of red berry fruits, with a crisp finish. Drink now.", "From a single sustainably farmed vineyard in Lodi comes this super bang for your buck. It's earthy Cab that's perfumed inside and out, with wafts of cedar burning on an open fire, as well as brick, black cherry and clove. It's balanced and structured to boot.", 'Sweet-seeming oak aromas and flavors mingle with ripe fruit notes in this full-bodied, soft-textured and well-priced wine. END
START HERE From a single sustainably farmed vineyard in Lodi comes this super bang for your buck. It's earthy Cab that's perfumed inside and out, with wafts of cedar burning on an open fire, as well as brick, black cherry and clove. It's balanced and structured to boot.", 'Sweet-seeming oak aromas and flavors mingle with ripe fruit notes in this full-bodied, soft-textured and well-priced wine.', "A heavyweight wine, loaded with cooked pear and apple flavors and accented by mint and cream. Like a real-life heavyweight, it's a bit ponderous in this crowd, albeit packed with flavor. END
START HERE Sweet-seeming oak aromas and flavors mingle with ripe fruit notes in this full-bodied, soft-textured and well-priced wine.', "A heavyweight wine, loaded with cooked pear and apple flavors and accented by mint and cream. Like a real-life heavyweight, it's a bit ponderous in this crowd, albeit packed with flavor.", 'Smooth yet crisp, this has attractive acidity and strawberry fruit. It is poised and elegant, with just the right amount of acidity. END
START HERE A heavyweight wine, loaded with cooked pear and apple flavors and accented by mint and cream. Like a real-life heavyweight, it's a bit ponderous in this crowd, albeit packed with flavor.", 'Smooth yet crisp, this has attractive acidity and strawberry fruit. It is poised and elegant, with just the right amount of acidity.', "Starts out sulfury, a smell that's very slow to blow off. Beneath that eggy scent, this Petite Sirah, Barbera, Zin and Carignane blend isn't bad. Dry and tannic, it shows a robust earthiness reminiscent of certain Spanish reds. But the sulfur kills it. END
START HERE Smooth yet crisp, this has attractive acidity and strawberry fruit. It is poised and elegant, with just the right amount of acidity.', "Starts out sulfury, a smell that's very slow to blow off. Beneath that eggy scent, this Petite Sirah, Barbera, Zin and Carignane blend isn't bad. Dry and tannic, it shows a robust earthiness reminiscent of certain Spanish reds. But the sulfur kills it.", 'Tastes sugared, and the fruit is thin, making the alcohol taste hot. END
START HERE Starts out sulfury, a smell that's very slow to blow off. Beneath that eggy scent, this Petite Sirah, Barbera, Zin and Carignane blend isn't bad. Dry and tannic, it shows a robust earthiness reminiscent of certain Spanish reds. But the sulfur kills it.", 'Tastes sugared, and the fruit is thin, making the alcohol taste hot.', 'A decent introduction to Aussie Chardonnay, this new line from Penfolds boasts plenty of sweet vanilla and peach flavors in a full and somewhat syrupy package. END
START HERE Tastes sugared, and the fruit is thin, making the alcohol taste hot.', 'A decent introduction to Aussie Chardonnay, this new line from Penfolds boasts plenty of sweet vanilla and peach flavors in a full and somewhat syrupy package.', 'This is forward and fresh, with notes of green apple, gooseberry and lemon-lime on the nose and palate. Zippy and mouthwatering, it has faint suggestions of lime zest and fresh-cut grass on the back. END
START HERE A decent introduction to Aussie Chardonnay, this new line from Penfolds boasts plenty of sweet vanilla and peach flavors in a full and somewhat syrupy package.', 'This is forward and fresh, with notes of green apple, gooseberry and lemon-lime on the nose and palate. Zippy and mouthwatering, it has faint suggestions of lime zest and fresh-cut grass on the back.', "A little soft and showing warmer-climate aromas of passionfruit and tropical citrus. The palate is starting to fade just a bit, but it's still pumping out grapefruit, lime and green apple. Perfectly fine to drink now or wait for the 2010 version. END
START HERE This is forward and fresh, with notes of green apple, gooseberry and lemon-lime on the nose and palate. Zippy and mouthwatering, it has faint suggestions of lime zest and fresh-cut grass on the back.', "A little soft and showing warmer-climate aromas of passionfruit and tropical citrus. The palate is starting to fade just a bit, but it's still pumping out grapefruit, lime and green apple. Perfectly fine to drink now or wait for the 2010 version.", 'Horsey aromas infringe upon basic cherry and tomato scents. This is lean on the palate, with scouring acidity. Tart, spicy plum and cherry flavors end on a crisp, dilute finish with that reverberates with sour plum and cherry notes. END
START HERE A little soft and showing warmer-climate aromas of passionfruit and tropical citrus. The palate is starting to fade just a bit, but it's still pumping out grapefruit, lime and green apple. Perfectly fine to drink now or wait for the 2010 version.", 'Horsey aromas infringe upon basic cherry and tomato scents. This is lean on the palate, with scouring acidity. Tart, spicy plum and cherry flavors end on a crisp, dilute finish with that reverberates with sour plum and cherry notes.', "Jumpy berry aromas, animal fur and candied scents are less than refined. This is fresh but not that structured in the mouth, with herbal berry flavors and a lightly green-tasting finish that's scratchy in feel. END
START HERE Horsey aromas infringe upon basic cherry and tomato scents. This is lean on the palate, with scouring acidity. Tart, spicy plum and cherry flavors end on a crisp, dilute finish with that reverberates with sour plum and cherry notes.', "Jumpy berry aromas, animal fur and candied scents are less than refined. This is fresh but not that structured in the mouth, with herbal berry flavors and a lightly green-tasting finish that's scratchy in feel.", 'Dusty apple aromas are nice for this level of wine. A round, solid mouthfeel is a plus, while flavors of melon, apple and nectarine come with light oak and vanilla offsets. A pithy, melony finish concludes this easygoing Chardonnay. END
START HERE Jumpy berry aromas, animal fur and candied scents are less than refined. This is fresh but not that structured in the mouth, with herbal berry flavors and a lightly green-tasting finish that's scratchy in feel.", 'Dusty apple aromas are nice for this level of wine. A round, solid mouthfeel is a plus, while flavors of melon, apple and nectarine come with light oak and vanilla offsets. A pithy, melony finish concludes this easygoing Chardonnay.', "With savory aromas of soy sauce and beef broth, this is not only fruity smelling, it's meaty on the nose. The palate is full and voluminous, but not thick. Flavors of boysenberry and blackberry are slightly leafy and green, while the finish shows a good texture and grabby tannins. END
START HERE Dusty apple aromas are nice for this level of wine. A round, solid mouthfeel is a plus, while flavors of melon, apple and nectarine come with light oak and vanilla offsets. A pithy, melony finish concludes this easygoing Chardonnay.', "With savory aromas of soy sauce and beef broth, this is not only fruity smelling, it's meaty on the nose. The palate is full and voluminous, but not thick. Flavors of boysenberry and blackberry are slightly leafy and green, while the finish shows a good texture and grabby tannins.", 'Appealing aromas of blueberry and vanilla make for a very solid Bordeaux blend. Flavors of plum, cranberry and pomegranate lead into a licorice finish. END
START HERE With savory aromas of soy sauce and beef broth, this is not only fruity smelling, it's meaty on the nose. The palate is full and voluminous, but not thick. Flavors of boysenberry and blackberry are slightly leafy and green, while the finish shows a good texture and grabby tannins.", 'Appealing aromas of blueberry and vanilla make for a very solid Bordeaux blend. Flavors of plum, cranberry and pomegranate lead into a licorice finish.', "Here's a Pinot with some varietal character, namely silky tannins, soft acids, and flavors of cherries and cola. Goes the extra mile with some additional depth of flavor and pretty oak, but it's awfully hard to get a good Pinot at this price. END
START HERE Appealing aromas of blueberry and vanilla make for a very solid Bordeaux blend. Flavors of plum, cranberry and pomegranate lead into a licorice finish.', "Here's a Pinot with some varietal character, namely silky tannins, soft acids, and flavors of cherries and cola. Goes the extra mile with some additional depth of flavor and pretty oak, but it's awfully hard to get a good Pinot at this price.", 'Savory whiffs of dried reed and stem blow off with aeration to reveal an unexpectedly effusive, fruity palate full of yellow cherry, peach and melon flavors. Off dry in style, this is an accessible, uncomplicated but elegantly balanced Riesling, finishing on a brisk citrus streak. Drink now through 2017. END
START HERE Here's a Pinot with some varietal character, namely silky tannins, soft acids, and flavors of cherries and cola. Goes the extra mile with some additional depth of flavor and pretty oak, but it's awfully hard to get a good Pinot at this price.", 'Savory whiffs of dried reed and stem blow off with aeration to reveal an unexpectedly effusive, fruity palate full of yellow cherry, peach and melon flavors. Off dry in style, this is an accessible, uncomplicated but elegantly balanced Riesling, finishing on a brisk citrus streak. Drink now through 2017.', "Vacillates between seeming totally fresh and clean and showing herbal, light green notes. There's graham cracker, jammy blackberry and bergamot on the nose, but also a pickled element. Grabby, chunky and jammy in the mouth, with juicy acidity and blue fruit flavors. END
START HERE Savory whiffs of dried reed and stem blow off with aeration to reveal an unexpectedly effusive, fruity palate full of yellow cherry, peach and melon flavors. Off dry in style, this is an accessible, uncomplicated but elegantly balanced Riesling, finishing on a brisk citrus streak. Drink now through 2017.', "Vacillates between seeming totally fresh and clean and showing herbal, light green notes. There's graham cracker, jammy blackberry and bergamot on the nose, but also a pickled element. Grabby, chunky and jammy in the mouth, with juicy acidity and blue fruit flavors.", 'Light, off-dry and refreshing, this would make an ideal poolside sipper. Hints of damp moss and fern add complexity to green apple and citrus flavors. Drink now. END
START HERE Vacillates between seeming totally fresh and clean and showing herbal, light green notes. There's graham cracker, jammy blackberry and bergamot on the nose, but also a pickled element. Grabby, chunky and jammy in the mouth, with juicy acidity and blue fruit flavors.", 'Light, off-dry and refreshing, this would make an ideal poolside sipper. Hints of damp moss and fern add complexity to green apple and citrus flavors. Drink now.', "A dark, chunky wine with cola, cassis and beet-like aromas. The palate is extracted but gritty, with big blackberry fruit that doesn't change or improve in the mouth. Deep as night but dull-edged; it flat-lines on the finish. END
START HERE Light, off-dry and refreshing, this would make an ideal poolside sipper. Hints of damp moss and fern add complexity to green apple and citrus flavors. Drink now.', "A dark, chunky wine with cola, cassis and beet-like aromas. The palate is extracted but gritty, with big blackberry fruit that doesn't change or improve in the mouth. Deep as night but dull-edged; it flat-lines on the finish.", 'Green gooseberry, underripe mango and pineapple core notes abound on the nose and continue on into the palate of this easy-drinking white. The mouth is a bit rounder than expected, but brilliant acidity keeps things balanced and lifts the close. Drink now. END
START HERE A dark, chunky wine with cola, cassis and beet-like aromas. The palate is extracted but gritty, with big blackberry fruit that doesn't change or improve in the mouth. Deep as night but dull-edged; it flat-lines on the finish.", 'Green gooseberry, underripe mango and pineapple core notes abound on the nose and continue on into the palate of this easy-drinking white. The mouth is a bit rounder than expected, but brilliant acidity keeps things balanced and lifts the close. Drink now.', 'This shows the briny citrus and bell pepper aromas typical for Chilean SB. This is tangy and feels good, with snappy cactus, lime and tangerine flavors. A mild but fairly long finish is citrusy and juicy. END
START HERE Green gooseberry, underripe mango and pineapple core notes abound on the nose and continue on into the palate of this easy-drinking white. The mouth is a bit rounder than expected, but brilliant acidity keeps things balanced and lifts the close. Drink now.', 'This shows the briny citrus and bell pepper aromas typical for Chilean SB. This is tangy and feels good, with snappy cactus, lime and tangerine flavors. A mild but fairly long finish is citrusy and juicy.', "Pale in color, this is a drier than usual Rosé d'Anjou. It is fresh, soft with attractive wild strawberry fruits and a touch of orange peel. The wine has a tangy texture that makes it extra refreshing. Drink now. END
START HERE This shows the briny citrus and bell pepper aromas typical for Chilean SB. This is tangy and feels good, with snappy cactus, lime and tangerine flavors. A mild but fairly long finish is citrusy and juicy.', "Pale in color, this is a drier than usual Rosé d'Anjou. It is fresh, soft with attractive wild strawberry fruits and a touch of orange peel. The wine has a tangy texture that makes it extra refreshing. Drink now.", 'Full, honest aromas of brandied cherry, woodspice and cola are inviting, while the palate is thorough and lively, with good acidity and tannic grip. Flavors of black cherry and cassis are correct and finish with an herbal note and a hint of black olive. END
START HERE Pale in color, this is a drier than usual Rosé d'Anjou. It is fresh, soft with attractive wild strawberry fruits and a touch of orange peel. The wine has a tangy texture that makes it extra refreshing. Drink now.", 'Full, honest aromas of brandied cherry, woodspice and cola are inviting, while the palate is thorough and lively, with good acidity and tannic grip. Flavors of black cherry and cassis are correct and finish with an herbal note and a hint of black olive.', 'Dry, acidic and simple, this has a vegetal along with flavors of cherry and blackberry. END
START HERE Full, honest aromas of brandied cherry, woodspice and cola are inviting, while the palate is thorough and lively, with good acidity and tannic grip. Flavors of black cherry and cassis are correct and finish with an herbal note and a hint of black olive.', 'Dry, acidic and simple, this has a vegetal along with flavors of cherry and blackberry.', 'With the typical blend of a Côtes de Provence rosé, this is pale in color and light at heart. Made by the well-known Châteauneuf-du-Pape producer, it has some weight as well as ripe red fruits. A touch of tannin in the structure gives it an attractive tension as well as a tangy aftertaste. END
START HERE Dry, acidic and simple, this has a vegetal along with flavors of cherry and blackberry.', 'With the typical blend of a Côtes de Provence rosé, this is pale in color and light at heart. Made by the well-known Châteauneuf-du-Pape producer, it has some weight as well as ripe red fruits. A touch of tannin in the structure gives it an attractive tension as well as a tangy aftertaste.', "This richly concentrated Riesling calibrates juicy sweet peach and honey flavors with an invigorating crush of lemon-lime acidity. It's an irresistibly fruity yet refreshing wine at an exceptional value price. END
START HERE With the typical blend of a Côtes de Provence rosé, this is pale in color and light at heart. Made by the well-known Châteauneuf-du-Pape producer, it has some weight as well as ripe red fruits. A touch of tannin in the structure gives it an attractive tension as well as a tangy aftertaste.', "This richly concentrated Riesling calibrates juicy sweet peach and honey flavors with an invigorating crush of lemon-lime acidity. It's an irresistibly fruity yet refreshing wine at an exceptional value price.", 'Sweet and ripe, with intense flavors of apples and pears. Decent acidity keeps it from becoming cloying, but this comes close to being dessert-sweet. END
START HERE This richly concentrated Riesling calibrates juicy sweet peach and honey flavors with an invigorating crush of lemon-lime acidity. It's an irresistibly fruity yet refreshing wine at an exceptional value price.", 'Sweet and ripe, with intense flavors of apples and pears. Decent acidity keeps it from becoming cloying, but this comes close to being dessert-sweet.', 'Harsh and sharp in tannins and acids, but this is a pretty good price for a dry, full-bodied red wine with blackberry and currant flavors. Drink with rustic fare, such as burgers or pasta with sausages. END
START HERE Sweet and ripe, with intense flavors of apples and pears. Decent acidity keeps it from becoming cloying, but this comes close to being dessert-sweet.', 'Harsh and sharp in tannins and acids, but this is a pretty good price for a dry, full-bodied red wine with blackberry and currant flavors. Drink with rustic fare, such as burgers or pasta with sausages.', "A touch foxy and reduced on the nose, with jumpy berry aromas, this feels edgy and shows a grating tannic bite. The wine's plum, herb and candied berry flavors are solid, finishing with a dose of blueberry. END
START HERE Harsh and sharp in tannins and acids, but this is a pretty good price for a dry, full-bodied red wine with blackberry and currant flavors. Drink with rustic fare, such as burgers or pasta with sausages.', "A touch foxy and reduced on the nose, with jumpy berry aromas, this feels edgy and shows a grating tannic bite. The wine's plum, herb and candied berry flavors are solid, finishing with a dose of blueberry.", 'Your basic everyday Zinfandel, with candied raspberry and cherry fruit, toast and pepper flavors, as well as a streak of green unripeness. END
START HERE A touch foxy and reduced on the nose, with jumpy berry aromas, this feels edgy and shows a grating tannic bite. The wine's plum, herb and candied berry flavors are solid, finishing with a dose of blueberry.", 'Your basic everyday Zinfandel, with candied raspberry and cherry fruit, toast and pepper flavors, as well as a streak of green unripeness.', 'More fruit forward than most Washington Cabs, it nonetheless has the structure and depth of pricier wines. Blackberry, black cherry, cassis and coffee swirl into a substantial finish. Tannins are tight and add just enough depth, while the riveting acidity and moderate alcohol make this more of a Bordeaux than a California style. END
START HERE Your basic everyday Zinfandel, with candied raspberry and cherry fruit, toast and pepper flavors, as well as a streak of green unripeness.', 'More fruit forward than most Washington Cabs, it nonetheless has the structure and depth of pricier wines. Blackberry, black cherry, cassis and coffee swirl into a substantial finish. Tannins are tight and add just enough depth, while the riveting acidity and moderate alcohol make this more of a Bordeaux than a California style.', "This friendly red blend, made with Cabernet, Steuben and Ives, starts with aromas of allspice, cherry and pepper followed by flavors of fresh, tart red berry and spice. It's a fun and easy-drinking red that will pair well with myriad dishes, from pasta to grilled steaks. END
START HERE More fruit forward than most Washington Cabs, it nonetheless has the structure and depth of pricier wines. Blackberry, black cherry, cassis and coffee swirl into a substantial finish. Tannins are tight and add just enough depth, while the riveting acidity and moderate alcohol make this more of a Bordeaux than a California style.', "This friendly red blend, made with Cabernet, Steuben and Ives, starts with aromas of allspice, cherry and pepper followed by flavors of fresh, tart red berry and spice. It's a fun and easy-drinking red that will pair well with myriad dishes, from pasta to grilled steaks.", 'Plum and cola aromas set up a spunky, rubbery Merlot that features a mix of roasted berry and chocolaty oak flavors. It is mild on the finish. END
START HERE This friendly red blend, made with Cabernet, Steuben and Ives, starts with aromas of allspice, cherry and pepper followed by flavors of fresh, tart red berry and spice. It's a fun and easy-drinking red that will pair well with myriad dishes, from pasta to grilled steaks.", 'Plum and cola aromas set up a spunky, rubbery Merlot that features a mix of roasted berry and chocolaty oak flavors. It is mild on the finish.', 'Except for a splash of Syrah, this qualifies as a Cabernet-centric Bordeaux-style blend. Hard to find a better bottle of blended red wine at the price. This has grip and breed, with tart red fruits, ripe tannins, a wash of herb and tart acidity. Put it up against anything you grill. END
START HERE Plum and cola aromas set up a spunky, rubbery Merlot that features a mix of roasted berry and chocolaty oak flavors. It is mild on the finish.', 'Except for a splash of Syrah, this qualifies as a Cabernet-centric Bordeaux-style blend. Hard to find a better bottle of blended red wine at the price. This has grip and breed, with tart red fruits, ripe tannins, a wash of herb and tart acidity. Put it up against anything you grill.', "Bland and oily on the nose, with a mushy palate that's pickled and isn't bringing much to the table. The wine is lemony and green, with a tangle of briney citrus flavors and low acidity. Proves that no oak does not mean no faults. END
START HERE Except for a splash of Syrah, this qualifies as a Cabernet-centric Bordeaux-style blend. Hard to find a better bottle of blended red wine at the price. This has grip and breed, with tart red fruits, ripe tannins, a wash of herb and tart acidity. Put it up against anything you grill.', "Bland and oily on the nose, with a mushy palate that's pickled and isn't bringing much to the table. The wine is lemony and green, with a tangle of briney citrus flavors and low acidity. Proves that no oak does not mean no faults.", 'At first the tight nose is a bit like tar and industrial cleaner, but once it fans out some black fruit emerges. The palate is tight and tannic, but fresh and ripe. And the finish is healthy but also rather tannic. Good with barbecued meats and the like. END
START HERE Bland and oily on the nose, with a mushy palate that's pickled and isn't bringing much to the table. The wine is lemony and green, with a tangle of briney citrus flavors and low acidity. Proves that no oak does not mean no faults.", 'At first the tight nose is a bit like tar and industrial cleaner, but once it fans out some black fruit emerges. The palate is tight and tannic, but fresh and ripe. And the finish is healthy but also rather tannic. Good with barbecued meats and the like.', 'This very attractive, medium-bodied wine emphasizes fruit flavor and freshness along with a lively texture. The raspberry aromas and red cherry flavors offer plenty of interest, and the balance makes it quite appetizing. END
START HERE At first the tight nose is a bit like tar and industrial cleaner, but once it fans out some black fruit emerges. The palate is tight and tannic, but fresh and ripe. And the finish is healthy but also rather tannic. Good with barbecued meats and the like.', 'This very attractive, medium-bodied wine emphasizes fruit flavor and freshness along with a lively texture. The raspberry aromas and red cherry flavors offer plenty of interest, and the balance makes it quite appetizing.', 'Sugary sweet and medicinal, like cherry cough syrup. END
START HERE This very attractive, medium-bodied wine emphasizes fruit flavor and freshness along with a lively texture. The raspberry aromas and red cherry flavors offer plenty of interest, and the balance makes it quite appetizing.', 'Sugary sweet and medicinal, like cherry cough syrup.', 'This is a lean wine that seems to be missing the fruit. It has an austere quality with a strongly tannic element and mineral acidity. END
START HERE Sugary sweet and medicinal, like cherry cough syrup.', 'This is a lean wine that seems to be missing the fruit. It has an austere quality with a strongly tannic element and mineral acidity.', 'Pale pink in color, the aromas offer notes of strawberry, bubblegum and apple. Lightly spritzy, it brings forward somewhat-weighty-feeling fruit flavors. Despite the spritz, it seems a bit ponderous. END
START HERE This is a lean wine that seems to be missing the fruit. It has an austere quality with a strongly tannic element and mineral acidity.', 'Pale pink in color, the aromas offer notes of strawberry, bubblegum and apple. Lightly spritzy, it brings forward somewhat-weighty-feeling fruit flavors. Despite the spritz, it seems a bit ponderous.', "The winery grows 17 different varietals, many in minute quantities. This is a blend of 8–12 different varietals, including such oddballs as Refosco and Freisa, along with Zin, Carignan, Tempranillo, some Cabs—in other words, it's a kitchen sink wine. Spicy and peppery, with firm acids under a forward mélange of red fruit flavors. END
START HERE Pale pink in color, the aromas offer notes of strawberry, bubblegum and apple. Lightly spritzy, it brings forward somewhat-weighty-feeling fruit flavors. Despite the spritz, it seems a bit ponderous.', "The winery grows 17 different varietals, many in minute quantities. This is a blend of 8–12 different varietals, including such oddballs as Refosco and Freisa, along with Zin, Carignan, Tempranillo, some Cabs—in other words, it's a kitchen sink wine. Spicy and peppery, with firm acids under a forward mélange of red fruit flavors.", 'Sweet, soft and simple, with jammy apricot, green apple and pineapple flavors. Crisp acidity helps to balance the sugariness. END
START HERE The winery grows 17 different varietals, many in minute quantities. This is a blend of 8–12 different varietals, including such oddballs as Refosco and Freisa, along with Zin, Carignan, Tempranillo, some Cabs—in other words, it's a kitchen sink wine. Spicy and peppery, with firm acids under a forward mélange of red fruit flavors.", 'Sweet, soft and simple, with jammy apricot, green apple and pineapple flavors. Crisp acidity helps to balance the sugariness.', "Stylistically, this is a racy, no-oak wine that smells of pineapple and tastes of citrus and passion fruit. The mouthfeel is citrusy, like fruit juice, with a lean, linear, citric finish that's bright in feel but tastes tangy and simple. END
START HERE Sweet, soft and simple, with jammy apricot, green apple and pineapple flavors. Crisp acidity helps to balance the sugariness.', "Stylistically, this is a racy, no-oak wine that smells of pineapple and tastes of citrus and passion fruit. The mouthfeel is citrusy, like fruit juice, with a lean, linear, citric finish that's bright in feel but tastes tangy and simple.", 'The notes of green apple and lemony citrus are fresh and clean with great clarity and precision. Balanced and easy to drink with a buttoned-up finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Stylistically, this is a racy, no-oak wine that smells of pineapple and tastes of citrus and passion fruit. The mouthfeel is citrusy, like fruit juice, with a lean, linear, citric finish that's bright in feel but tastes tangy and simple.", 'The notes of green apple and lemony citrus are fresh and clean with great clarity and precision. Balanced and easy to drink with a buttoned-up finish. Drink now.', 'This is very acidic, like a taste of sour lemon. The flavors are of lemon cough drops, and the finish is dry. END
START HERE The notes of green apple and lemony citrus are fresh and clean with great clarity and precision. Balanced and easy to drink with a buttoned-up finish. Drink now.', 'This is very acidic, like a taste of sour lemon. The flavors are of lemon cough drops, and the finish is dry.', "This simple blend of Zinfandel, Syrah and several other red varieties is rich in red berry jam and spice flavors. As the name implies, it's a pantry-style red for everyday drinking. END
START HERE This is very acidic, like a taste of sour lemon. The flavors are of lemon cough drops, and the finish is dry.', "This simple blend of Zinfandel, Syrah and several other red varieties is rich in red berry jam and spice flavors. As the name implies, it's a pantry-style red for everyday drinking.", "A simple fruity Bordeaux, attractively layering black currants, firm and dry tannins and fresh, juicy acidity. It's light, already drinkable. Screwcap. END
START HERE This simple blend of Zinfandel, Syrah and several other red varieties is rich in red berry jam and spice flavors. As the name implies, it's a pantry-style red for everyday drinking.", "A simple fruity Bordeaux, attractively layering black currants, firm and dry tannins and fresh, juicy acidity. It's light, already drinkable. Screwcap.", 'This wine has savory red fruit and a minty backdrop, with tannins that taste a tad overgrown. Simple and straightforward, this is ready to drink now. END
START HERE A simple fruity Bordeaux, attractively layering black currants, firm and dry tannins and fresh, juicy acidity. It's light, already drinkable. Screwcap.", 'This wine has savory red fruit and a minty backdrop, with tannins that taste a tad overgrown. Simple and straightforward, this is ready to drink now.', "A little murky and muddled on the nose, this has rubbery tannins and candied, foxy-tasting berry flavors. Nothing harsh or sour here, but it is tannic; at best, it's sweet and simple stuff. END
START HERE This wine has savory red fruit and a minty backdrop, with tannins that taste a tad overgrown. Simple and straightforward, this is ready to drink now.', "A little murky and muddled on the nose, this has rubbery tannins and candied, foxy-tasting berry flavors. Nothing harsh or sour here, but it is tannic; at best, it's sweet and simple stuff.", 'This is a simple, clean, well-balanced, all-purpose Chardonnay. Light streaks of honey, lemon and vanilla run through crisp, apple-flavored fruit. Nothing fancy, but solid and reliable. END
START HERE A little murky and muddled on the nose, this has rubbery tannins and candied, foxy-tasting berry flavors. Nothing harsh or sour here, but it is tannic; at best, it's sweet and simple stuff.", 'This is a simple, clean, well-balanced, all-purpose Chardonnay. Light streaks of honey, lemon and vanilla run through crisp, apple-flavored fruit. Nothing fancy, but solid and reliable.', 'Smoky and rubbery on the nose, with some green oak aromas. The palate has a soft, pasty quality to it as well as flavors of black cherry and mildly roasted berries. Finishes sort of bland and slightly herbal. Good but entirely basic in its approach. END
START HERE This is a simple, clean, well-balanced, all-purpose Chardonnay. Light streaks of honey, lemon and vanilla run through crisp, apple-flavored fruit. Nothing fancy, but solid and reliable.', 'Smoky and rubbery on the nose, with some green oak aromas. The palate has a soft, pasty quality to it as well as flavors of black cherry and mildly roasted berries. Finishes sort of bland and slightly herbal. Good but entirely basic in its approach.', 'From organically grown, estate vineyard grapes, this light, subtle wine has a strong acid underpinning. Citrus fruits and a suggestion of fresh pear are streaked with vanilla wafer. END
START HERE Smoky and rubbery on the nose, with some green oak aromas. The palate has a soft, pasty quality to it as well as flavors of black cherry and mildly roasted berries. Finishes sort of bland and slightly herbal. Good but entirely basic in its approach.', 'From organically grown, estate vineyard grapes, this light, subtle wine has a strong acid underpinning. Citrus fruits and a suggestion of fresh pear are streaked with vanilla wafer.', "This is a soft, balanced blend of Aragon and Touriga Nacional. It has a a bright, fruity character that is both fresh and warm. It's a delicious wine to drink with food. END
START HERE From organically grown, estate vineyard grapes, this light, subtle wine has a strong acid underpinning. Citrus fruits and a suggestion of fresh pear are streaked with vanilla wafer.', "This is a soft, balanced blend of Aragon and Touriga Nacional. It has a a bright, fruity character that is both fresh and warm. It's a delicious wine to drink with food.", 'As sweet as a dessert wine, with sugary raspberry, cherry and spice flavors. END
START HERE This is a soft, balanced blend of Aragon and Touriga Nacional. It has a a bright, fruity character that is both fresh and warm. It's a delicious wine to drink with food.", 'As sweet as a dessert wine, with sugary raspberry, cherry and spice flavors.', 'Rubbery on the nose, with licorice, horse hide and black fruit aromas. Almost too lush and soft in the mouth, with a candied nature and ultrasweet, syrupy flavors of vanilla and baked berries. Finishes with brown sugar and chocolate cake flavors. Extremely sweet; spineless. END
START HERE As sweet as a dessert wine, with sugary raspberry, cherry and spice flavors.', 'Rubbery on the nose, with licorice, horse hide and black fruit aromas. Almost too lush and soft in the mouth, with a candied nature and ultrasweet, syrupy flavors of vanilla and baked berries. Finishes with brown sugar and chocolate cake flavors. Extremely sweet; spineless.', 'Roasted and brambly on the nose, with lemon, burnt notes and spice more than bold berry fruit. The palate has a tight, rubbery feel and flavors of hickory, clove and mild red berry. A decent but standard and slightly oaky Malbec. END
START HERE Rubbery on the nose, with licorice, horse hide and black fruit aromas. Almost too lush and soft in the mouth, with a candied nature and ultrasweet, syrupy flavors of vanilla and baked berries. Finishes with brown sugar and chocolate cake flavors. Extremely sweet; spineless.', 'Roasted and brambly on the nose, with lemon, burnt notes and spice more than bold berry fruit. The palate has a tight, rubbery feel and flavors of hickory, clove and mild red berry. A decent but standard and slightly oaky Malbec.', 'Pungent, pure aromas of citrus and tarragon are appealing. This feels upright and tangy, with bright, driving acidity. Grapefruit, lime and jalapeño flavors finish juicy, with leftover citrus notes and a dash of white pepper. END
START HERE Roasted and brambly on the nose, with lemon, burnt notes and spice more than bold berry fruit. The palate has a tight, rubbery feel and flavors of hickory, clove and mild red berry. A decent but standard and slightly oaky Malbec.', 'Pungent, pure aromas of citrus and tarragon are appealing. This feels upright and tangy, with bright, driving acidity. Grapefruit, lime and jalapeño flavors finish juicy, with leftover citrus notes and a dash of white pepper.', 'Black fruit aromas come with a dusty note and a hint of milk chocolate. This feels straightforward, with flavors of raspberry, mild herb and sugar beet. The finish is short and easy, with an approachable mouthfeel. END
START HERE Pungent, pure aromas of citrus and tarragon are appealing. This feels upright and tangy, with bright, driving acidity. Grapefruit, lime and jalapeño flavors finish juicy, with leftover citrus notes and a dash of white pepper.', 'Black fruit aromas come with a dusty note and a hint of milk chocolate. This feels straightforward, with flavors of raspberry, mild herb and sugar beet. The finish is short and easy, with an approachable mouthfeel.', 'Pithy, citrusy aromas are about all the nose offers. This feels citrusy, with adequate weight. Flavors of citrus, apple, melon and bitterness end chalky and dry. END
START HERE Black fruit aromas come with a dusty note and a hint of milk chocolate. This feels straightforward, with flavors of raspberry, mild herb and sugar beet. The finish is short and easy, with an approachable mouthfeel.', 'Pithy, citrusy aromas are about all the nose offers. This feels citrusy, with adequate weight. Flavors of citrus, apple, melon and bitterness end chalky and dry.', 'Concentrated swells of peach and honey sweeten this bright, sunny off-dry kabinett. While crisp, almost lacy, in mouthfeel, stark, lemony acidity drives a piercing finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Pithy, citrusy aromas are about all the nose offers. This feels citrusy, with adequate weight. Flavors of citrus, apple, melon and bitterness end chalky and dry.', 'Concentrated swells of peach and honey sweeten this bright, sunny off-dry kabinett. While crisp, almost lacy, in mouthfeel, stark, lemony acidity drives a piercing finish. Drink now.', 'A blast of rubber is the aromatic greeting, followed by herbal notes and leather. A sharp, tight, acidic palate proves difficult to penetrate, while crisp, herbal red-plum flavors finish green. END
START HERE Concentrated swells of peach and honey sweeten this bright, sunny off-dry kabinett. While crisp, almost lacy, in mouthfeel, stark, lemony acidity drives a piercing finish. Drink now.', 'A blast of rubber is the aromatic greeting, followed by herbal notes and leather. A sharp, tight, acidic palate proves difficult to penetrate, while crisp, herbal red-plum flavors finish green.', 'For the price, this is pretty decent. It shows ample volume in the mouth and features lightly stewed fruit notes of mixed berries balanced by a touch of wood. END
START HERE A blast of rubber is the aromatic greeting, followed by herbal notes and leather. A sharp, tight, acidic palate proves difficult to penetrate, while crisp, herbal red-plum flavors finish green.', 'For the price, this is pretty decent. It shows ample volume in the mouth and features lightly stewed fruit notes of mixed berries balanced by a touch of wood.', 'Simple pear and apple work the largely nondescript nose, which is backed by more of the same on the palate. The feel is almost dilute, while the finish is mildly sweet before turning empty and a bit bitter. END
START HERE For the price, this is pretty decent. It shows ample volume in the mouth and features lightly stewed fruit notes of mixed berries balanced by a touch of wood.', 'Simple pear and apple work the largely nondescript nose, which is backed by more of the same on the palate. The feel is almost dilute, while the finish is mildly sweet before turning empty and a bit bitter.', 'Robust and fleshy, this is soft, easy and slightly sweet. It has pie-filling flavors of blackberries and peppery spices. END
START HERE Simple pear and apple work the largely nondescript nose, which is backed by more of the same on the palate. The feel is almost dilute, while the finish is mildly sweet before turning empty and a bit bitter.', 'Robust and fleshy, this is soft, easy and slightly sweet. It has pie-filling flavors of blackberries and peppery spices.', 'Villa Pillo is an expert at producing value wines and this Cabernet Franc-Merlot is no exception. The wine boasts measured renderings of blueberry, coffee, almond and chocolate. END
START HERE Robust and fleshy, this is soft, easy and slightly sweet. It has pie-filling flavors of blackberries and peppery spices.', 'Villa Pillo is an expert at producing value wines and this Cabernet Franc-Merlot is no exception. The wine boasts measured renderings of blueberry, coffee, almond and chocolate.', 'Light aromas of red cherry and raspberry can be discovered upon deep nosing, but the fresh garrigue, tree bark and raw cocoa nib notes steal the show. A hint of vanilla-strawberry sweetens up the close. Drink now. END
START HERE Villa Pillo is an expert at producing value wines and this Cabernet Franc-Merlot is no exception. The wine boasts measured renderings of blueberry, coffee, almond and chocolate.', 'Light aromas of red cherry and raspberry can be discovered upon deep nosing, but the fresh garrigue, tree bark and raw cocoa nib notes steal the show. A hint of vanilla-strawberry sweetens up the close. Drink now.', 'This is a soft wine from a major Rhône valley producer. Attractive acidity gives it a crisp, bright feel. Tangy citrus and clean, light fruitiness are all there, balanced and ready to drink. Drink now. END
START HERE Light aromas of red cherry and raspberry can be discovered upon deep nosing, but the fresh garrigue, tree bark and raw cocoa nib notes steal the show. A hint of vanilla-strawberry sweetens up the close. Drink now.', 'This is a soft wine from a major Rhône valley producer. Attractive acidity gives it a crisp, bright feel. Tangy citrus and clean, light fruitiness are all there, balanced and ready to drink. Drink now.', 'Herbal, spicy aromas are strange, like uncooked hot dogs. This is plump on the palate, with flavors of spiced tomato and little more. A grabby finish lacks refinement. END
START HERE This is a soft wine from a major Rhône valley producer. Attractive acidity gives it a crisp, bright feel. Tangy citrus and clean, light fruitiness are all there, balanced and ready to drink. Drink now.', 'Herbal, spicy aromas are strange, like uncooked hot dogs. This is plump on the palate, with flavors of spiced tomato and little more. A grabby finish lacks refinement.', 'The mountains rise quickly behind the French Riviera. They are the origin of this wine. It has an attractive cool feel, while keeping plenty of fruit and a ripe caramel character. It is bright with plenty of acidity at the end. Drink now. END
START HERE Herbal, spicy aromas are strange, like uncooked hot dogs. This is plump on the palate, with flavors of spiced tomato and little more. A grabby finish lacks refinement.', 'The mountains rise quickly behind the French Riviera. They are the origin of this wine. It has an attractive cool feel, while keeping plenty of fruit and a ripe caramel character. It is bright with plenty of acidity at the end. Drink now.', 'A bit restrained—or might that be muted?—on the nose, following that up with pineapple and citrus flavors and a creamy, custardy texture. Clean, if somewhat lacking intensity, on the finish. END
START HERE The mountains rise quickly behind the French Riviera. They are the origin of this wine. It has an attractive cool feel, while keeping plenty of fruit and a ripe caramel character. It is bright with plenty of acidity at the end. Drink now.', 'A bit restrained—or might that be muted?—on the nose, following that up with pineapple and citrus flavors and a creamy, custardy texture. Clean, if somewhat lacking intensity, on the finish.', 'Spicy and substantial, this authoritative Riesling snaps into tight focus around apple and melon flavors. Hints of clove and ginger add complexity. END
START HERE A bit restrained—or might that be muted?—on the nose, following that up with pineapple and citrus flavors and a creamy, custardy texture. Clean, if somewhat lacking intensity, on the finish.', 'Spicy and substantial, this authoritative Riesling snaps into tight focus around apple and melon flavors. Hints of clove and ginger add complexity.', "Tropical fruit flavors are brightened by lemon-lime citrus notes and a hint of the variety's trademark grassiness. A slippery smooth texture and balanced acidity make this easy to drink on its own. END
START HERE Spicy and substantial, this authoritative Riesling snaps into tight focus around apple and melon flavors. Hints of clove and ginger add complexity.', "Tropical fruit flavors are brightened by lemon-lime citrus notes and a hint of the variety's trademark grassiness. A slippery smooth texture and balanced acidity make this easy to drink on its own.", "Baby powder and carnation grace the ummy peach and strawberry fruit tones in this wine. It's a touch sharp through the close, while mealy fruit dominates the palate. END
START HERE Tropical fruit flavors are brightened by lemon-lime citrus notes and a hint of the variety's trademark grassiness. A slippery smooth texture and balanced acidity make this easy to drink on its own.", "Baby powder and carnation grace the ummy peach and strawberry fruit tones in this wine. It's a touch sharp through the close, while mealy fruit dominates the palate.", "Tasting on the sweet side, this has notes of brown sugar, honey and vanilla. It's clean and vibrant in acidity, with rich flavors of pineapple jam and ripe orange. END
START HERE Baby powder and carnation grace the ummy peach and strawberry fruit tones in this wine. It's a touch sharp through the close, while mealy fruit dominates the palate.", "Tasting on the sweet side, this has notes of brown sugar, honey and vanilla. It's clean and vibrant in acidity, with rich flavors of pineapple jam and ripe orange.", "Rich in cherry, blackberry, raspberry and herb flavors, this Rhône blend has sweet-and-sour berry-cherry flavors. It's rich in dry, furry tannins. Needs something big and meaty to soften it, like beef stew. END
START HERE Tasting on the sweet side, this has notes of brown sugar, honey and vanilla. It's clean and vibrant in acidity, with rich flavors of pineapple jam and ripe orange.", "Rich in cherry, blackberry, raspberry and herb flavors, this Rhône blend has sweet-and-sour berry-cherry flavors. It's rich in dry, furry tannins. Needs something big and meaty to soften it, like beef stew.", 'Snappy but briny citrus aromas include pyrazines. In the mouth, this coastal product feels bouncy but regular. Citrusy flavors come with bell-pepper and celery notes, while this is fresh on the finish, but a touch green. END
START HERE Rich in cherry, blackberry, raspberry and herb flavors, this Rhône blend has sweet-and-sour berry-cherry flavors. It's rich in dry, furry tannins. Needs something big and meaty to soften it, like beef stew.", 'Snappy but briny citrus aromas include pyrazines. In the mouth, this coastal product feels bouncy but regular. Citrusy flavors come with bell-pepper and celery notes, while this is fresh on the finish, but a touch green.', "With decent blackberry, cherry and oak flavors, this is an everyday Cabernet for drinking now. It's dry and tannic, and the finish is clean and spicy. The price makes it a good buy. END
START HERE Snappy but briny citrus aromas include pyrazines. In the mouth, this coastal product feels bouncy but regular. Citrusy flavors come with bell-pepper and celery notes, while this is fresh on the finish, but a touch green.', "With decent blackberry, cherry and oak flavors, this is an everyday Cabernet for drinking now. It's dry and tannic, and the finish is clean and spicy. The price makes it a good buy.", "This is a dense wine that has plenty of fresh fruit to support its weight. It's quite tannic though, so enjoy with food. It could also do with time, so wait two years. END
START HERE With decent blackberry, cherry and oak flavors, this is an everyday Cabernet for drinking now. It's dry and tannic, and the finish is clean and spicy. The price makes it a good buy.", "This is a dense wine that has plenty of fresh fruit to support its weight. It's quite tannic though, so enjoy with food. It could also do with time, so wait two years.", 'Freshness and a bit of tannic bite lend some character to this well-behaved, attractively fruity red wine. That touch of tannin—very typical and welcome in Cabernet Sauvignon—lends some grip in the texture to help this wine wash down your food. The wine conveys a balanced taste impression overall. END
START HERE This is a dense wine that has plenty of fresh fruit to support its weight. It's quite tannic though, so enjoy with food. It could also do with time, so wait two years.", 'Freshness and a bit of tannic bite lend some character to this well-behaved, attractively fruity red wine. That touch of tannin—very typical and welcome in Cabernet Sauvignon—lends some grip in the texture to help this wine wash down your food. The wine conveys a balanced taste impression overall.', 'Produced by the Bunan family whose main estates are in Bandol, this light, simple and fruity blend includes Syrah, Grenache and Cinsault. It is soft and approachable, fruity with strawberry flavors and totally ready to drink. END
START HERE Freshness and a bit of tannic bite lend some character to this well-behaved, attractively fruity red wine. That touch of tannin—very typical and welcome in Cabernet Sauvignon—lends some grip in the texture to help this wine wash down your food. The wine conveys a balanced taste impression overall.', 'Produced by the Bunan family whose main estates are in Bandol, this light, simple and fruity blend includes Syrah, Grenache and Cinsault. It is soft and approachable, fruity with strawberry flavors and totally ready to drink.', "For the price, this is a great wine for a party or an everyday dinner. It's soft, easy to drink and rich enough in cherry, berry and oak flavors to satisfy Cabernet lovers. And it's easy to find, with 10,000 cases produced. END
START HERE Produced by the Bunan family whose main estates are in Bandol, this light, simple and fruity blend includes Syrah, Grenache and Cinsault. It is soft and approachable, fruity with strawberry flavors and totally ready to drink.', "For the price, this is a great wine for a party or an everyday dinner. It's soft, easy to drink and rich enough in cherry, berry and oak flavors to satisfy Cabernet lovers. And it's easy to find, with 10,000 cases produced.", 'A light and crisp Chardonnay that leans more to the style of Mâcon than Monterey. Mild apple, peach, tropical fruit and citrus notes on the nose open to a dry, slightly reserved palate with orange and spice elements. Bright acidity keeps it lively and it finishes dry with a classy, slightly chalky note. END
START HERE For the price, this is a great wine for a party or an everyday dinner. It's soft, easy to drink and rich enough in cherry, berry and oak flavors to satisfy Cabernet lovers. And it's easy to find, with 10,000 cases produced.", 'A light and crisp Chardonnay that leans more to the style of Mâcon than Monterey. Mild apple, peach, tropical fruit and citrus notes on the nose open to a dry, slightly reserved palate with orange and spice elements. Bright acidity keeps it lively and it finishes dry with a classy, slightly chalky note.', 'Surprisingly full bodied, fruit loaded and instantly appealing, this new Chardonnay from Hogue mixes generous flavors of apple and butter, toasted almonds and a little spice. END
START HERE A light and crisp Chardonnay that leans more to the style of Mâcon than Monterey. Mild apple, peach, tropical fruit and citrus notes on the nose open to a dry, slightly reserved palate with orange and spice elements. Bright acidity keeps it lively and it finishes dry with a classy, slightly chalky note.', 'Surprisingly full bodied, fruit loaded and instantly appealing, this new Chardonnay from Hogue mixes generous flavors of apple and butter, toasted almonds and a little spice.', "There's very juicy, jammy red berry fruit here and the round, even soft palate may lack a bit of structure, but this is a flavorful, very approachable wine. Slight tobacco and cocoa notes add interest and keep it from being just fruity. Cabernet flavors in a Beaujolais-weight package. END
START HERE Surprisingly full bodied, fruit loaded and instantly appealing, this new Chardonnay from Hogue mixes generous flavors of apple and butter, toasted almonds and a little spice.', "There's very juicy, jammy red berry fruit here and the round, even soft palate may lack a bit of structure, but this is a flavorful, very approachable wine. Slight tobacco and cocoa notes add interest and keep it from being just fruity. Cabernet flavors in a Beaujolais-weight package.", "This unoaked Chard is light and peachy on the nose, with apple aromas. It's a fruity, driving, almost grating wine with apple, white grape and melony flavors. Super fruity and zesty without the wood tempering, with a citric, lightly bitter and pithy finish. END
START HERE There's very juicy, jammy red berry fruit here and the round, even soft palate may lack a bit of structure, but this is a flavorful, very approachable wine. Slight tobacco and cocoa notes add interest and keep it from being just fruity. Cabernet flavors in a Beaujolais-weight package.", "This unoaked Chard is light and peachy on the nose, with apple aromas. It's a fruity, driving, almost grating wine with apple, white grape and melony flavors. Super fruity and zesty without the wood tempering, with a citric, lightly bitter and pithy finish.", 'Fresh and minerally, melon and peach aromas introduce the medium-bodied palate. Flavors of peach, melon and passion fruit finish clean and modest. END
START HERE This unoaked Chard is light and peachy on the nose, with apple aromas. It's a fruity, driving, almost grating wine with apple, white grape and melony flavors. Super fruity and zesty without the wood tempering, with a citric, lightly bitter and pithy finish.", 'Fresh and minerally, melon and peach aromas introduce the medium-bodied palate. Flavors of peach, melon and passion fruit finish clean and modest.', "The Moscato-sipping crowd will like this wine. It's crisp and off-dry, with honey, tangerine and vanilla flavors, plus zesty acidity. END
START HERE Fresh and minerally, melon and peach aromas introduce the medium-bodied palate. Flavors of peach, melon and passion fruit finish clean and modest.', "The Moscato-sipping crowd will like this wine. It's crisp and off-dry, with honey, tangerine and vanilla flavors, plus zesty acidity.", "This wine is sensationally rich and ripe with wild cherry, mocha, anise and tobacco flavors, with a long, spicy finish. It really impresses for sheer deliciousness. The blend is Zinfandel, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah. It's easy to find, with production an incredible 125,000 cases. END
START HERE The Moscato-sipping crowd will like this wine. It's crisp and off-dry, with honey, tangerine and vanilla flavors, plus zesty acidity.", "This wine is sensationally rich and ripe with wild cherry, mocha, anise and tobacco flavors, with a long, spicy finish. It really impresses for sheer deliciousness. The blend is Zinfandel, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah. It's easy to find, with production an incredible 125,000 cases.", "Sobon's dry rosé (made from 96% Grenache grapes and 4% Syrah) is pinkish-red in color, brisk and structured with acidity, and a great, great value to boot. Drink on its own—plenty chilled—or find some fresh seafood and enjoy. END
START HERE This wine is sensationally rich and ripe with wild cherry, mocha, anise and tobacco flavors, with a long, spicy finish. It really impresses for sheer deliciousness. The blend is Zinfandel, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah. It's easy to find, with production an incredible 125,000 cases.", "Sobon's dry rosé (made from 96% Grenache grapes and 4% Syrah) is pinkish-red in color, brisk and structured with acidity, and a great, great value to boot. Drink on its own—plenty chilled—or find some fresh seafood and enjoy.", 'A directly appealing wine with little obvious new oak influence to get in the way of the clean pear and pineapple flavors that are stitched together by just a touch of sweetness. END
START HERE Sobon's dry rosé (made from 96% Grenache grapes and 4% Syrah) is pinkish-red in color, brisk and structured with acidity, and a great, great value to boot. Drink on its own—plenty chilled—or find some fresh seafood and enjoy.", 'A directly appealing wine with little obvious new oak influence to get in the way of the clean pear and pineapple flavors that are stitched together by just a touch of sweetness.', 'From a large 177-acre estate in the southern Graves, this wine shows plenty of stalky, black currant fruits, fresh acidity and spice from wood. It has just the right characters for a food Bordeaux, dry core of tannins and vivid fruit around. END
START HERE A directly appealing wine with little obvious new oak influence to get in the way of the clean pear and pineapple flavors that are stitched together by just a touch of sweetness.', 'From a large 177-acre estate in the southern Graves, this wine shows plenty of stalky, black currant fruits, fresh acidity and spice from wood. It has just the right characters for a food Bordeaux, dry core of tannins and vivid fruit around.', 'Coming from the warm 2013 vintage, this easy-drinking wine offers notes of sweet corn, pear and peach with light barrel accents. The fruit flavors are elegant with a lightly creamy feel. END
START HERE From a large 177-acre estate in the southern Graves, this wine shows plenty of stalky, black currant fruits, fresh acidity and spice from wood. It has just the right characters for a food Bordeaux, dry core of tannins and vivid fruit around.', 'Coming from the warm 2013 vintage, this easy-drinking wine offers notes of sweet corn, pear and peach with light barrel accents. The fruit flavors are elegant with a lightly creamy feel.', 'A green streak runs through this wine, adding an herbal character to the black cherry and plum aromas and flavors. Low tannins and medium acidity produce an overall easy profile and light mouthfeel. END
START HERE Coming from the warm 2013 vintage, this easy-drinking wine offers notes of sweet corn, pear and peach with light barrel accents. The fruit flavors are elegant with a lightly creamy feel.', 'A green streak runs through this wine, adding an herbal character to the black cherry and plum aromas and flavors. Low tannins and medium acidity produce an overall easy profile and light mouthfeel.', "This is a friendly, New World- style Chardonnay, with flavors of toast, oak and spice and decent complexity. Assertive and upfront, it's a good everyday white for fans of whites with pronounced flavors. END
START HERE A green streak runs through this wine, adding an herbal character to the black cherry and plum aromas and flavors. Low tannins and medium acidity produce an overall easy profile and light mouthfeel.', "This is a friendly, New World- style Chardonnay, with flavors of toast, oak and spice and decent complexity. Assertive and upfront, it's a good everyday white for fans of whites with pronounced flavors.", "This is an oaky, smoky wine, with cinnamon and hickory notes on the nose and palate. There's also ample pear and melon character along with tropical fruit and spice notes. It's resiny and chunky, but good acidity keeps it lively and balanced. END
START HERE This is a friendly, New World- style Chardonnay, with flavors of toast, oak and spice and decent complexity. Assertive and upfront, it's a good everyday white for fans of whites with pronounced flavors.", "This is an oaky, smoky wine, with cinnamon and hickory notes on the nose and palate. There's also ample pear and melon character along with tropical fruit and spice notes. It's resiny and chunky, but good acidity keeps it lively and balanced.", 'Rugged, rustic and dry, with briary flavors of wild berries, raisins, cocoa, pepper, leather and herbs. Ready now with easy fare. END
START HERE This is an oaky, smoky wine, with cinnamon and hickory notes on the nose and palate. There's also ample pear and melon character along with tropical fruit and spice notes. It's resiny and chunky, but good acidity keeps it lively and balanced.", 'Rugged, rustic and dry, with briary flavors of wild berries, raisins, cocoa, pepper, leather and herbs. Ready now with easy fare.', 'This friendly wine offers fresh, jammy berry and cherry aromas. The palate has a bit of grit and stickiness to it, while blackberry, black cherry and boysenberry flavors are ripe, sweet, not pushy and ultimately satisfying. END
START HERE Rugged, rustic and dry, with briary flavors of wild berries, raisins, cocoa, pepper, leather and herbs. Ready now with easy fare.', 'This friendly wine offers fresh, jammy berry and cherry aromas. The palate has a bit of grit and stickiness to it, while blackberry, black cherry and boysenberry flavors are ripe, sweet, not pushy and ultimately satisfying.', 'Simple, clean, fresh, raspberry-flavored wine, with light acidity. There is an edge of apple and caramel, the aftertaste just off dry. END
START HERE This friendly wine offers fresh, jammy berry and cherry aromas. The palate has a bit of grit and stickiness to it, while blackberry, black cherry and boysenberry flavors are ripe, sweet, not pushy and ultimately satisfying.', 'Simple, clean, fresh, raspberry-flavored wine, with light acidity. There is an edge of apple and caramel, the aftertaste just off dry.', 'This is a smooth wine whose tannins have been already integrated into the blackberry fruits. It is ripe, still young of course, and with a stalky texture in the background. With acidity and fruitiness, the wine needs to age. Drink from late 2017. END
START HERE Simple, clean, fresh, raspberry-flavored wine, with light acidity. There is an edge of apple and caramel, the aftertaste just off dry.', 'This is a smooth wine whose tannins have been already integrated into the blackberry fruits. It is ripe, still young of course, and with a stalky texture in the background. With acidity and fruitiness, the wine needs to age. Drink from late 2017.', 'An edgy nose with cassis, plum and cherry aromas is upright and fresh. This is lively and a bit jagged in feel, with cassis, cherry and chocolaty oak flavors. A firm finish with rubbery grabby tannins closes this out. END
START HERE This is a smooth wine whose tannins have been already integrated into the blackberry fruits. It is ripe, still young of course, and with a stalky texture in the background. With acidity and fruitiness, the wine needs to age. Drink from late 2017.', 'An edgy nose with cassis, plum and cherry aromas is upright and fresh. This is lively and a bit jagged in feel, with cassis, cherry and chocolaty oak flavors. A firm finish with rubbery grabby tannins closes this out.', "A good everyday Chardonnay, this wine's apple and toasted oak notes are supported by brisk acidity and a smooth but lively mouthfeel. The finish is pleasing and displays a nice butterscotch note. END
START HERE An edgy nose with cassis, plum and cherry aromas is upright and fresh. This is lively and a bit jagged in feel, with cassis, cherry and chocolaty oak flavors. A firm finish with rubbery grabby tannins closes this out.', "A good everyday Chardonnay, this wine's apple and toasted oak notes are supported by brisk acidity and a smooth but lively mouthfeel. The finish is pleasing and displays a nice butterscotch note", 'Sometimes, all you need is an easy Cabernet, and this is one of the more accessible ones out there. For the price, it shows Cabernet-style character and plenty of easy drinkability. END
START HERE A good everyday Chardonnay, this wine's apple and toasted oak notes are supported by brisk acidity and a smooth but lively mouthfeel. The finish is pleasing and displays a nice butterscotch note", 'Sometimes, all you need is an easy Cabernet, and this is one of the more accessible ones out there. For the price, it shows Cabernet-style character and plenty of easy drinkability.', 'Strawberry and herbal aromas are decent but a bit green. This has a jammy feel, with basic berry flavors that finish minty but fresh. Overall, this is a middle-of-the-road Malbec. END
START HERE Sometimes, all you need is an easy Cabernet, and this is one of the more accessible ones out there. For the price, it shows Cabernet-style character and plenty of easy drinkability.', 'Strawberry and herbal aromas are decent but a bit green. This has a jammy feel, with basic berry flavors that finish minty but fresh. Overall, this is a middle-of-the-road Malbec.', 'Year after year, the Yasmin line from Recanati proves itself to be a fantastic value, and the 2009s are no exception. This 60% Merlot-40% Cabernet Sauvignon blend is fruit-driven but appropriately spiced with a lovely mocha-infused finish. The silky texture offers approachable, dusty tannins integrated throughout the medium-weight mouth. END
START HERE Strawberry and herbal aromas are decent but a bit green. This has a jammy feel, with basic berry flavors that finish minty but fresh. Overall, this is a middle-of-the-road Malbec.', 'Year after year, the Yasmin line from Recanati proves itself to be a fantastic value, and the 2009s are no exception. This 60% Merlot-40% Cabernet Sauvignon blend is fruit-driven but appropriately spiced with a lovely mocha-infused finish. The silky texture offers approachable, dusty tannins integrated throughout the medium-weight mouth.', "Chunky, rubbery and leathery on the nose, but there's plenty of berry fruit, too. For an $11 wine, the palate is lush and plump, with big tannins and full flavors of roasted cherry, plum, herbs and tomato. Finishes long and persistent, but fresh. Interesting and nicely done for Chilean Cab Franc. END
START HERE Year after year, the Yasmin line from Recanati proves itself to be a fantastic value, and the 2009s are no exception. This 60% Merlot-40% Cabernet Sauvignon blend is fruit-driven but appropriately spiced with a lovely mocha-infused finish. The silky texture offers approachable, dusty tannins integrated throughout the medium-weight mouth.', "Chunky, rubbery and leathery on the nose, but there's plenty of berry fruit, too. For an $11 wine, the palate is lush and plump, with big tannins and full flavors of roasted cherry, plum, herbs and tomato. Finishes long and persistent, but fresh. Interesting and nicely done for Chilean Cab Franc.", "Clear as day in the glass, with forced oak and spring flowers in the nose. In a word, it's strange. In the mouth, you'll get sweetness and other flavors not generally associated with Chardonnay. It's not necessarily a bad white wine, but it is definitely at odds with typical Chardonnay. END
START HERE Chunky, rubbery and leathery on the nose, but there's plenty of berry fruit, too. For an $11 wine, the palate is lush and plump, with big tannins and full flavors of roasted cherry, plum, herbs and tomato. Finishes long and persistent, but fresh. Interesting and nicely done for Chilean Cab Franc.", "Clear as day in the glass, with forced oak and spring flowers in the nose. In a word, it's strange. In the mouth, you'll get sweetness and other flavors not generally associated with Chardonnay. It's not necessarily a bad white wine, but it is definitely at odds with typical Chardonnay.", "To get the best results, you'd better chill this one down. That way you'll get more of the refreshing apple and pear element of the wine and less of its fat, chunky body and rough, unpolished edges. END
START HERE Clear as day in the glass, with forced oak and spring flowers in the nose. In a word, it's strange. In the mouth, you'll get sweetness and other flavors not generally associated with Chardonnay. It's not necessarily a bad white wine, but it is definitely at odds with typical Chardonnay.", "To get the best results, you'd better chill this one down. That way you'll get more of the refreshing apple and pear element of the wine and less of its fat, chunky body and rough, unpolished edges.", 'This is a crisp, clean and nicely-structured Chardonnay, fermented in a mix of new and neutral oak, along with some stainless steel. A bit beer-like and yeasty at first, it opens into pleasing flavors of grapefruit and pineapple, with just the right amount of acidity. END
START HERE To get the best results, you'd better chill this one down. That way you'll get more of the refreshing apple and pear element of the wine and less of its fat, chunky body and rough, unpolished edges.", 'This is a crisp, clean and nicely-structured Chardonnay, fermented in a mix of new and neutral oak, along with some stainless steel. A bit beer-like and yeasty at first, it opens into pleasing flavors of grapefruit and pineapple, with just the right amount of acidity.', "Clean Slate offers forward, fresh grapefruit and lemon flavors with just a hint of smoke in this off-dry Riesling. It's a straightforward yet consistently elegant wine for everyday enjoyment. END
START HERE This is a crisp, clean and nicely-structured Chardonnay, fermented in a mix of new and neutral oak, along with some stainless steel. A bit beer-like and yeasty at first, it opens into pleasing flavors of grapefruit and pineapple, with just the right amount of acidity.', "Clean Slate offers forward, fresh grapefruit and lemon flavors with just a hint of smoke in this off-dry Riesling. It's a straightforward yet consistently elegant wine for everyday enjoyment.", 'This medium-bodied Sauvignon Blanc boasts a slightly oily texture to go along with decently intense aromas of stone fruit and fresh herbs. Flavors of pineapple, currant and tomato leaf provide a good introduction to Marlborough Sauvignon. Imported by Five Gold Hands. END
START HERE Clean Slate offers forward, fresh grapefruit and lemon flavors with just a hint of smoke in this off-dry Riesling. It's a straightforward yet consistently elegant wine for everyday enjoyment.", 'This medium-bodied Sauvignon Blanc boasts a slightly oily texture to go along with decently intense aromas of stone fruit and fresh herbs. Flavors of pineapple, currant and tomato leaf provide a good introduction to Marlborough Sauvignon. Imported by Five Gold Hands.', 'An unexpected combination perhaps, but it works to give a fresh, flavorful wine, with soft tannins, juicy fruit and flavors of red cherries and vanilla. Not complex, and ready to drink now. END
START HERE This medium-bodied Sauvignon Blanc boasts a slightly oily texture to go along with decently intense aromas of stone fruit and fresh herbs. Flavors of pineapple, currant and tomato leaf provide a good introduction to Marlborough Sauvignon. Imported by Five Gold Hands.', 'An unexpected combination perhaps, but it works to give a fresh, flavorful wine, with soft tannins, juicy fruit and flavors of red cherries and vanilla. Not complex, and ready to drink now.', 'Mandarin orange, jasmine and honeysuckle aromas leap up. It drinks medium dry with a broad feel and a floral lift on the finish. The palate wants a bit more acid but this wine is appealing. END
START HERE An unexpected combination perhaps, but it works to give a fresh, flavorful wine, with soft tannins, juicy fruit and flavors of red cherries and vanilla. Not complex, and ready to drink now.', 'Mandarin orange, jasmine and honeysuckle aromas leap up. It drinks medium dry with a broad feel and a floral lift on the finish. The palate wants a bit more acid but this wine is appealing.', "A basic red wine to sip at parties, this is dry and fruity, and it shows Zin's typical note of peppery spice. END
START HERE Mandarin orange, jasmine and honeysuckle aromas leap up. It drinks medium dry with a broad feel and a floral lift on the finish. The palate wants a bit more acid but this wine is appealing.', "A basic red wine to sip at parties, this is dry and fruity, and it shows Zin's typical note of peppery spice.", "With ripe yet oaky aromas, this is a basic Malbec to enjoy with simple foods. The palate is juicy but comes with a buttery, creamy feel. As for flavors, look for buttery oak riding on top of modest, quick-hitting berry. On the finish, it's oaky more than fruity. END
START HERE A basic red wine to sip at parties, this is dry and fruity, and it shows Zin's typical note of peppery spice.", "With ripe yet oaky aromas, this is a basic Malbec to enjoy with simple foods. The palate is juicy but comes with a buttery, creamy feel. As for flavors, look for buttery oak riding on top of modest, quick-hitting berry. On the finish, it's oaky more than fruity.", 'Lots of blackberry, cherry and spicy cola flavors in this dry, clean wine. It has the classic tannins and balance of a fine Cabernet. Drink now with a good steak. END
START HERE With ripe yet oaky aromas, this is a basic Malbec to enjoy with simple foods. The palate is juicy but comes with a buttery, creamy feel. As for flavors, look for buttery oak riding on top of modest, quick-hitting berry. On the finish, it's oaky more than fruity.", 'Lots of blackberry, cherry and spicy cola flavors in this dry, clean wine. It has the classic tannins and balance of a fine Cabernet. Drink now with a good steak.', 'A versatile Merlot. Lends itself to drinking with a range of steaks, poultry, lamb, even vegetarian lentil and tofu dishes. Dry and balanced, with pleasant berry, currant and herb flavors, at a fair price. END
START HERE Lots of blackberry, cherry and spicy cola flavors in this dry, clean wine. It has the classic tannins and balance of a fine Cabernet. Drink now with a good steak.', 'A versatile Merlot. Lends itself to drinking with a range of steaks, poultry, lamb, even vegetarian lentil and tofu dishes. Dry and balanced, with pleasant berry, currant and herb flavors, at a fair price.', 'Made from 100% Cabernet Sauvignon, this is a full-bodied wine. It has a light tannic character over intense acidity. A caramel underlay cuts down on the freshness and adds some richness. Drink now. END
START HERE A versatile Merlot. Lends itself to drinking with a range of steaks, poultry, lamb, even vegetarian lentil and tofu dishes. Dry and balanced, with pleasant berry, currant and herb flavors, at a fair price.', 'Made from 100% Cabernet Sauvignon, this is a full-bodied wine. It has a light tannic character over intense acidity. A caramel underlay cuts down on the freshness and adds some richness. Drink now.', 'This soft, caramel flavored rosé is produced from the native Castelão grape in coastal Setúbal south of Lisbon. With rounded red fruits and light acidity, it is dry and destined to pair with food. END
START HERE Made from 100% Cabernet Sauvignon, this is a full-bodied wine. It has a light tannic character over intense acidity. A caramel underlay cuts down on the freshness and adds some richness. Drink now.', 'This soft, caramel flavored rosé is produced from the native Castelão grape in coastal Setúbal south of Lisbon. With rounded red fruits and light acidity, it is dry and destined to pair with food.', 'Basic apple and vanilla bean aromas carry the nose to a plump, round palate with tropical flavors and banana. Feels peachy and tastes yeasty and sweet on the finish. Highly regular as a whole. END
START HERE This soft, caramel flavored rosé is produced from the native Castelão grape in coastal Setúbal south of Lisbon. With rounded red fruits and light acidity, it is dry and destined to pair with food.', 'Basic apple and vanilla bean aromas carry the nose to a plump, round palate with tropical flavors and banana. Feels peachy and tastes yeasty and sweet on the finish. Highly regular as a whole.', "For a wine that's been made with a soft touch but still has some weight and finesse, this is a great value. It opens with aromas of ripe peach fuzz and crisp apple, a nice intermingling of flavors. Lemon and grapefruit rind flavors shine on the finish. END
START HERE Basic apple and vanilla bean aromas carry the nose to a plump, round palate with tropical flavors and banana. Feels peachy and tastes yeasty and sweet on the finish. Highly regular as a whole.', "For a wine that's been made with a soft touch but still has some weight and finesse, this is a great value. It opens with aromas of ripe peach fuzz and crisp apple, a nice intermingling of flavors. Lemon and grapefruit rind flavors shine on the finish.", 'Oily aromas of orange peel are inoffensive. A shearing palate offers little textural pleasure or complexity. Flavors of lemon and blood orange finish with a sour note of underripe pineapple. END
START HERE For a wine that's been made with a soft touch but still has some weight and finesse, this is a great value. It opens with aromas of ripe peach fuzz and crisp apple, a nice intermingling of flavors. Lemon and grapefruit rind flavors shine on the finish.", 'Oily aromas of orange peel are inoffensive. A shearing palate offers little textural pleasure or complexity. Flavors of lemon and blood orange finish with a sour note of underripe pineapple.', 'A dark aroma like clove and wood smoke makes this full-bodied, ripe-tasting wine seem a little mysterious. It has ripe, easy blackberry and cedar flavors, a smooth texture and a very reasonable price. END
START HERE Oily aromas of orange peel are inoffensive. A shearing palate offers little textural pleasure or complexity. Flavors of lemon and blood orange finish with a sour note of underripe pineapple.', 'A dark aroma like clove and wood smoke makes this full-bodied, ripe-tasting wine seem a little mysterious. It has ripe, easy blackberry and cedar flavors, a smooth texture and a very reasonable price.', 'Prickly aromas of nettle are simple as well as diluted. This feels basic and fresh, while green, citrusy flavors end with pithy notes and an oily feel. END
START HERE A dark aroma like clove and wood smoke makes this full-bodied, ripe-tasting wine seem a little mysterious. It has ripe, easy blackberry and cedar flavors, a smooth texture and a very reasonable price.', 'Prickly aromas of nettle are simple as well as diluted. This feels basic and fresh, while green, citrusy flavors end with pithy notes and an oily feel.', 'Minty aromas rest on top of scratchy raspberry scents. This feels a touch raw and choppy, with grating tannins pumping up herbal berry flavors that come with a carob-influenced aftertaste. A short, lightly herbal finish feels good and solid. END
START HERE Prickly aromas of nettle are simple as well as diluted. This feels basic and fresh, while green, citrusy flavors end with pithy notes and an oily feel.', 'Minty aromas rest on top of scratchy raspberry scents. This feels a touch raw and choppy, with grating tannins pumping up herbal berry flavors that come with a carob-influenced aftertaste. A short, lightly herbal finish feels good and solid.', "This Agiorgitiko and Syrah blend is an earthy mélange of pepper, blackberry and cherry aromas and flavors of black fruit, red cherry and vanilla spice. Balanced and focused, it's a wine for sipping and pairing with food. Think pork or lamb. END
START HERE Minty aromas rest on top of scratchy raspberry scents. This feels a touch raw and choppy, with grating tannins pumping up herbal berry flavors that come with a carob-influenced aftertaste. A short, lightly herbal finish feels good and solid.', "This Agiorgitiko and Syrah blend is an earthy mélange of pepper, blackberry and cherry aromas and flavors of black fruit, red cherry and vanilla spice. Balanced and focused, it's a wine for sipping and pairing with food. Think pork or lamb.", 'Dry, spicy aromas work well with core raspberry and earthy notes. The palate has a healthy mouthfeel and honest flavors of brown sugar, toast and black cherry. Spice and tempered caramel flavors grace the finish, which has vigor and confirms the value factor and overall quality. END
START HERE This Agiorgitiko and Syrah blend is an earthy mélange of pepper, blackberry and cherry aromas and flavors of black fruit, red cherry and vanilla spice. Balanced and focused, it's a wine for sipping and pairing with food. Think pork or lamb.", 'Dry, spicy aromas work well with core raspberry and earthy notes. The palate has a healthy mouthfeel and honest flavors of brown sugar, toast and black cherry. Spice and tempered caramel flavors grace the finish, which has vigor and confirms the value factor and overall quality.', 'This new wine from the Laroche family of Chablis is a good, though standard, Chilean Chardonnay. Peach, ctirus and wax aromas lead to a round palate with ample acidity. It tastes like apple, banana and other tropical fruits, with sweetness and honey on the finish. END
START HERE Dry, spicy aromas work well with core raspberry and earthy notes. The palate has a healthy mouthfeel and honest flavors of brown sugar, toast and black cherry. Spice and tempered caramel flavors grace the finish, which has vigor and confirms the value factor and overall quality.', 'This new wine from the Laroche family of Chablis is a good, though standard, Chilean Chardonnay. Peach, ctirus and wax aromas lead to a round palate with ample acidity. It tastes like apple, banana and other tropical fruits, with sweetness and honey on the finish.', "Good blackberry fruit in this Cabernet, and it's fine for everyday purposes. But it falls apart in structure, being too soft and featureless. END
START HERE This new wine from the Laroche family of Chablis is a good, though standard, Chilean Chardonnay. Peach, ctirus and wax aromas lead to a round palate with ample acidity. It tastes like apple, banana and other tropical fruits, with sweetness and honey on the finish.', "Good blackberry fruit in this Cabernet, and it's fine for everyday purposes. But it falls apart in structure, being too soft and featureless.", 'Oily white-fruit aromas are basic, while the palate has a round mouthfeel and decent acidity. Flavors of brine, white melon rind and citrus finish pickled and bitter. END
START HERE Good blackberry fruit in this Cabernet, and it's fine for everyday purposes. But it falls apart in structure, being too soft and featureless.", 'Oily white-fruit aromas are basic, while the palate has a round mouthfeel and decent acidity. Flavors of brine, white melon rind and citrus finish pickled and bitter.', 'An aroma like waffles and maple syrup and bright fruit flavors that are almost sweet give this wine a big personality. Full bodied and moderately tannic, it should make a nice pairing with rich pastas and lamb chops. END
START HERE Oily white-fruit aromas are basic, while the palate has a round mouthfeel and decent acidity. Flavors of brine, white melon rind and citrus finish pickled and bitter.', 'An aroma like waffles and maple syrup and bright fruit flavors that are almost sweet give this wine a big personality. Full bodied and moderately tannic, it should make a nice pairing with rich pastas and lamb chops.', 'This opens with scents of green melon rind, strawberry hull and lime that carry through to the palate alongside an additional note of peach. A pleasant grassy tone gives interest to the finish, while ample acidity keeps the palate fresh and clean. Drink now. END
START HERE An aroma like waffles and maple syrup and bright fruit flavors that are almost sweet give this wine a big personality. Full bodied and moderately tannic, it should make a nice pairing with rich pastas and lamb chops.', 'This opens with scents of green melon rind, strawberry hull and lime that carry through to the palate alongside an additional note of peach. A pleasant grassy tone gives interest to the finish, while ample acidity keeps the palate fresh and clean. Drink now.', "A little tart and pickled off the bat, with notes of rhubarb and red cherry along with a stronger, more evident blast of oak. The palate is fresh but sort of lean and wanting, with regular raspberry and plum flavors. Snappy but slightly sappy and resiny for what's on offer. END
START HERE This opens with scents of green melon rind, strawberry hull and lime that carry through to the palate alongside an additional note of peach. A pleasant grassy tone gives interest to the finish, while ample acidity keeps the palate fresh and clean. Drink now.', "A little tart and pickled off the bat, with notes of rhubarb and red cherry along with a stronger, more evident blast of oak. The palate is fresh but sort of lean and wanting, with regular raspberry and plum flavors. Snappy but slightly sappy and resiny for what's on offer.", "This is a light- to medium-bodied Sauvignon Blanc that's clean and fresh, but not particularly intense or characterful—the kind you can comfortably serve to a non-wine crowd and expect accolades for your choice. Drink now. END
START HERE A little tart and pickled off the bat, with notes of rhubarb and red cherry along with a stronger, more evident blast of oak. The palate is fresh but sort of lean and wanting, with regular raspberry and plum flavors. Snappy but slightly sappy and resiny for what's on offer.", "This is a light- to medium-bodied Sauvignon Blanc that's clean and fresh, but not particularly intense or characterful—the kind you can comfortably serve to a non-wine crowd and expect accolades for your choice. Drink now.", 'A value-priced Sauvignon Blanc from Sobon, which also makes Shenandoah Vineyards wines in the Shenandoah Valley of California, within the greater Sierra Foothills. This white opens with floral aromatics followed by wet stone, apple and lemon, all in a subtle, lightly rendered way. END
START HERE This is a light- to medium-bodied Sauvignon Blanc that's clean and fresh, but not particularly intense or characterful—the kind you can comfortably serve to a non-wine crowd and expect accolades for your choice. Drink now.", 'A value-priced Sauvignon Blanc from Sobon, which also makes Shenandoah Vineyards wines in the Shenandoah Valley of California, within the greater Sierra Foothills. This white opens with floral aromatics followed by wet stone, apple and lemon, all in a subtle, lightly rendered way.', "A half dozen unrelated red grapes are tossed into the mix here, making a serviceable blend with no distinctive flavor or focus. It's a stewpot red, fine for everyday enjoyment. END
START HERE A value-priced Sauvignon Blanc from Sobon, which also makes Shenandoah Vineyards wines in the Shenandoah Valley of California, within the greater Sierra Foothills. This white opens with floral aromatics followed by wet stone, apple and lemon, all in a subtle, lightly rendered way.', "A half dozen unrelated red grapes are tossed into the mix here, making a serviceable blend with no distinctive flavor or focus. It's a stewpot red, fine for everyday enjoyment.", 'A mild chemical note on the nose gives way to stone fruits and some woodiness. This feels round, a touch oily and on the full side. Briny nectarine is the lead flavor, while this tastes salty on a flat-feeling finish. END
START HERE A half dozen unrelated red grapes are tossed into the mix here, making a serviceable blend with no distinctive flavor or focus. It's a stewpot red, fine for everyday enjoyment.", 'A mild chemical note on the nose gives way to stone fruits and some woodiness. This feels round, a touch oily and on the full side. Briny nectarine is the lead flavor, while this tastes salty on a flat-feeling finish.', 'Fruit-forward and easy pleasing, this offers bright aromas and flavors of fresh peach slices, melons and yellow apples. A soft baking-spice accent and suggestions of walnut shells add interest to the medium-length finish. END
START HERE A mild chemical note on the nose gives way to stone fruits and some woodiness. This feels round, a touch oily and on the full side. Briny nectarine is the lead flavor, while this tastes salty on a flat-feeling finish.', 'Fruit-forward and easy pleasing, this offers bright aromas and flavors of fresh peach slices, melons and yellow apples. A soft baking-spice accent and suggestions of walnut shells add interest to the medium-length finish.', "A tough, gritty wine, dry and tannic, with some decent berry and cherry flavors. It's the kind of red wine that will happily wash down a cheeseburger. END
START HERE Fruit-forward and easy pleasing, this offers bright aromas and flavors of fresh peach slices, melons and yellow apples. A soft baking-spice accent and suggestions of walnut shells add interest to the medium-length finish.', "A tough, gritty wine, dry and tannic, with some decent berry and cherry flavors. It's the kind of red wine that will happily wash down a cheeseburger.", 'A vivid gold color and spice-rack aromas like nutmeg and cardamom add a different twist to this medium-bodied and rather rich-textured wine. Those are probably characteristics from aging with oak, and they enhance the clean, fresh fruit flavors in a good way. END
START HERE A tough, gritty wine, dry and tannic, with some decent berry and cherry flavors. It's the kind of red wine that will happily wash down a cheeseburger.", 'A vivid gold color and spice-rack aromas like nutmeg and cardamom add a different twist to this medium-bodied and rather rich-textured wine. Those are probably characteristics from aging with oak, and they enhance the clean, fresh fruit flavors in a good way.', "Cherry, sweet berry and citrus peel aromas come in front of a full, slightly oaky palate with sweet plum and berry flavors. There's some length to the finish and more flavors of sweet, creamy but nicely applied oak. END
START HERE A vivid gold color and spice-rack aromas like nutmeg and cardamom add a different twist to this medium-bodied and rather rich-textured wine. Those are probably characteristics from aging with oak, and they enhance the clean, fresh fruit flavors in a good way.', "Cherry, sweet berry and citrus peel aromas come in front of a full, slightly oaky palate with sweet plum and berry flavors. There's some length to the finish and more flavors of sweet, creamy but nicely applied oak.", 'Lighter in color, this Syrah (83%)-dominated blend shows aromas of dehydrated blueberries, milk chocolate, black olive and plum. The blue fruit flavors are lightly sweet, with some residual sugar holding it together. END
START HERE Cherry, sweet berry and citrus peel aromas come in front of a full, slightly oaky palate with sweet plum and berry flavors. There's some length to the finish and more flavors of sweet, creamy but nicely applied oak.", 'Lighter in color, this Syrah (83%)-dominated blend shows aromas of dehydrated blueberries, milk chocolate, black olive and plum. The blue fruit flavors are lightly sweet, with some residual sugar holding it together.', 'Passion fruit, pickle brine and other marine-influenced aromas work the nose on this cool-climate, value-priced SB. The palate is both sweet and sour, with tangy lemon as the lead flavor and softer citrus coming on later. Basic in composition; easy to drink. END
START HERE Lighter in color, this Syrah (83%)-dominated blend shows aromas of dehydrated blueberries, milk chocolate, black olive and plum. The blue fruit flavors are lightly sweet, with some residual sugar holding it together.', 'Passion fruit, pickle brine and other marine-influenced aromas work the nose on this cool-climate, value-priced SB. The palate is both sweet and sour, with tangy lemon as the lead flavor and softer citrus coming on later. Basic in composition; easy to drink.', 'Good price, but the wine is green and unripe, with that unpleasant meow odor that turns many people off. END
START HERE Passion fruit, pickle brine and other marine-influenced aromas work the nose on this cool-climate, value-priced SB. The palate is both sweet and sour, with tangy lemon as the lead flavor and softer citrus coming on later. Basic in composition; easy to drink.', 'Good price, but the wine is green and unripe, with that unpleasant meow odor that turns many people off.', 'Full bodied, quite flavorful and generous in texture, this wine will be a crowd pleaser. It smells like toast, vanilla and maple, tastes juicy and plummy, and has a lingering, almost sweet finish. END
START HERE Good price, but the wine is green and unripe, with that unpleasant meow odor that turns many people off.', 'Full bodied, quite flavorful and generous in texture, this wine will be a crowd pleaser. It smells like toast, vanilla and maple, tastes juicy and plummy, and has a lingering, almost sweet finish.', 'Sweet-leaning aromas of pineapple, ripe red apples and white lilies show on the nose of this bottling. The palate starts with nice texture of Meyer-lemon pith, then settles toward ripe pears and apples, with hints of coconut and pineapple flavors. END
START HERE Full bodied, quite flavorful and generous in texture, this wine will be a crowd pleaser. It smells like toast, vanilla and maple, tastes juicy and plummy, and has a lingering, almost sweet finish.', 'Sweet-leaning aromas of pineapple, ripe red apples and white lilies show on the nose of this bottling. The palate starts with nice texture of Meyer-lemon pith, then settles toward ripe pears and apples, with hints of coconut and pineapple flavors.', 'Pungent with true Sauvignon character. Tangerine, green fruits and grapefruit share the flavor profile, and the finish is mild but clean. Zesty, straightforward and tasty if served chilled. END
START HERE Sweet-leaning aromas of pineapple, ripe red apples and white lilies show on the nose of this bottling. The palate starts with nice texture of Meyer-lemon pith, then settles toward ripe pears and apples, with hints of coconut and pineapple flavors.', 'Pungent with true Sauvignon character. Tangerine, green fruits and grapefruit share the flavor profile, and the finish is mild but clean. Zesty, straightforward and tasty if served chilled.', 'Almost, but not quite, undrinkable, this Zin is vegetal and dry, with asparagus-tinged flavors of berries. END
START HERE Pungent with true Sauvignon character. Tangerine, green fruits and grapefruit share the flavor profile, and the finish is mild but clean. Zesty, straightforward and tasty if served chilled.', 'Almost, but not quite, undrinkable, this Zin is vegetal and dry, with asparagus-tinged flavors of berries.', 'A rugged red, harsh in texture and semi-sweet, with medicinal cherry flavors. END
START HERE Almost, but not quite, undrinkable, this Zin is vegetal and dry, with asparagus-tinged flavors of berries.', 'A rugged red, harsh in texture and semi-sweet, with medicinal cherry flavors.', 'Tropical aromas revolve around lemon-lime. This is acidic without much body. Flavors of lemon, melon, mango and green apple are lean and finish with tangy, pithy citrus flavors. END
START HERE A rugged red, harsh in texture and semi-sweet, with medicinal cherry flavors.', 'Tropical aromas revolve around lemon-lime. This is acidic without much body. Flavors of lemon, melon, mango and green apple are lean and finish with tangy, pithy citrus flavors.', "Another Cahors from the stable of Alain-Dominque Perrin, this one is the entry-level wine, made to be more accessible than his flagship wine from Château Lagrezette or the luxury cuvée. There's still plenty of toasty oak, but also some raspberry-cherry fruit and green tobacco on the finish. END
START HERE Tropical aromas revolve around lemon-lime. This is acidic without much body. Flavors of lemon, melon, mango and green apple are lean and finish with tangy, pithy citrus flavors.', "Another Cahors from the stable of Alain-Dominque Perrin, this one is the entry-level wine, made to be more accessible than his flagship wine from Château Lagrezette or the luxury cuvée. There's still plenty of toasty oak, but also some raspberry-cherry fruit and green tobacco on the finish.", 'There is a barnyard feel to this wine, from its rustic aromas through the edgy berry fruit to the final flavors of acidity and beetroot. The character gives licorice and spice as well as blackberry fruits. END
START HERE Another Cahors from the stable of Alain-Dominque Perrin, this one is the entry-level wine, made to be more accessible than his flagship wine from Château Lagrezette or the luxury cuvée. There's still plenty of toasty oak, but also some raspberry-cherry fruit and green tobacco on the finish.", 'There is a barnyard feel to this wine, from its rustic aromas through the edgy berry fruit to the final flavors of acidity and beetroot. The character gives licorice and spice as well as blackberry fruits.', 'Ripe, almost earthy aromas of plum, Graham cracker and pastry precede a rubbery palate with squeaky tannins. The palate delivers a bolt of black currant and spicy plum flavors in front of a fiery finish that loses fruit quickly. END
START HERE There is a barnyard feel to this wine, from its rustic aromas through the edgy berry fruit to the final flavors of acidity and beetroot. The character gives licorice and spice as well as blackberry fruits.', 'Ripe, almost earthy aromas of plum, Graham cracker and pastry precede a rubbery palate with squeaky tannins. The palate delivers a bolt of black currant and spicy plum flavors in front of a fiery finish that loses fruit quickly.', 'Mossy, spicy blackberry aromas are more encouraging than what comes after. This is rubbery and astringent, with blackened flavors of licorice and toasted oak. END
START HERE Ripe, almost earthy aromas of plum, Graham cracker and pastry precede a rubbery palate with squeaky tannins. The palate delivers a bolt of black currant and spicy plum flavors in front of a fiery finish that loses fruit quickly.', 'Mossy, spicy blackberry aromas are more encouraging than what comes after. This is rubbery and astringent, with blackened flavors of licorice and toasted oak.', 'This full-bodied and smooth-textured wine has subtle aromas like cinnamon, mint and raspberry. Bold flavors recall ripe plums and dried cherries. A soft mouthfeel is partly due to light tannins. END
START HERE Mossy, spicy blackberry aromas are more encouraging than what comes after. This is rubbery and astringent, with blackened flavors of licorice and toasted oak.', 'This full-bodied and smooth-textured wine has subtle aromas like cinnamon, mint and raspberry. Bold flavors recall ripe plums and dried cherries. A soft mouthfeel is partly due to light tannins.', "Judging by the high-heeled shoe on the label, this is one of those wines aimed at the female consumer. It's Pinot in name only, with clean, simple cherry candy and oak tastes. END
START HERE This full-bodied and smooth-textured wine has subtle aromas like cinnamon, mint and raspberry. Bold flavors recall ripe plums and dried cherries. A soft mouthfeel is partly due to light tannins.', "Judging by the high-heeled shoe on the label, this is one of those wines aimed at the female consumer. It's Pinot in name only, with clean, simple cherry candy and oak tastes.", "A fat, soft wine that isn't fresh enough. There are some sweet strawberry flavors, a touch of caramel and a metallic edge. END
START HERE Judging by the high-heeled shoe on the label, this is one of those wines aimed at the female consumer. It's Pinot in name only, with clean, simple cherry candy and oak tastes.", "A fat, soft wine that isn't fresh enough. There are some sweet strawberry flavors, a touch of caramel and a metallic edge.", 'This Merlot has good plum and cherry flavors up front and is straightforward enough to pair with just about any food, but the finish falls a bit flat. END
START HERE A fat, soft wine that isn't fresh enough. There are some sweet strawberry flavors, a touch of caramel and a metallic edge.", 'This Merlot has good plum and cherry flavors up front and is straightforward enough to pair with just about any food, but the finish falls a bit flat.', 'This opens with a strong sense of oak and sawdust, later giving way to herbal berry aromas. This feels plump and resiny, with slick oak. Flavors of wood resin and pepper are on equal footing with berry flavors, while the finish shows moderate residual heat. END
START HERE This Merlot has good plum and cherry flavors up front and is straightforward enough to pair with just about any food, but the finish falls a bit flat.', 'This opens with a strong sense of oak and sawdust, later giving way to herbal berry aromas. This feels plump and resiny, with slick oak. Flavors of wood resin and pepper are on equal footing with berry flavors, while the finish shows moderate residual heat.', 'Flowery and fresh, this is a classic cool-climate white. Fragrant acidity is balanced by the citrus and pear flavors. Fruity and crisp, it is ready to drink. END
START HERE This opens with a strong sense of oak and sawdust, later giving way to herbal berry aromas. This feels plump and resiny, with slick oak. Flavors of wood resin and pepper are on equal footing with berry flavors, while the finish shows moderate residual heat.', 'Flowery and fresh, this is a classic cool-climate white. Fragrant acidity is balanced by the citrus and pear flavors. Fruity and crisp, it is ready to drink.', 'Here’s a soft, supple wine of great character and harmony from an underrated producer. It has pretty earthy-berry aromas. While it’s not very oaky there’s enough to give a hint of smoke and vanilla. On the light side, with soft tannins and somewhat low acidity, but the overall impression is very likable and elegant. This is a racy wine to drink now while your bigger ’97 Cabs are maturing in the cellar. END
START HERE Flowery and fresh, this is a classic cool-climate white. Fragrant acidity is balanced by the citrus and pear flavors. Fruity and crisp, it is ready to drink.', 'Here’s a soft, supple wine of great character and harmony from an underrated producer. It has pretty earthy-berry aromas. While it’s not very oaky there’s enough to give a hint of smoke and vanilla. On the light side, with soft tannins and somewhat low acidity, but the overall impression is very likable and elegant. This is a racy wine to drink now while your bigger ’97 Cabs are maturing in the cellar.', 'A fresh, fragrant and herbaceous wine, this dances lightly and brightly on the palate. Flavors of grapefruit and lime come with crisp acidity, lending a mouth-tingling finish. END
START HERE Here’s a soft, supple wine of great character and harmony from an underrated producer. It has pretty earthy-berry aromas. While it’s not very oaky there’s enough to give a hint of smoke and vanilla. On the light side, with soft tannins and somewhat low acidity, but the overall impression is very likable and elegant. This is a racy wine to drink now while your bigger ’97 Cabs are maturing in the cellar.', 'A fresh, fragrant and herbaceous wine, this dances lightly and brightly on the palate. Flavors of grapefruit and lime come with crisp acidity, lending a mouth-tingling finish.', 'Named after the French practice of taking a cubitainer to a cooperative and filling it up “en vrac,” this is the sort of fruity, easy-drinking wine that those French would enjoy. It has red fruits, a gentle texture and great final acidity. END
START HERE A fresh, fragrant and herbaceous wine, this dances lightly and brightly on the palate. Flavors of grapefruit and lime come with crisp acidity, lending a mouth-tingling finish.', 'Named after the French practice of taking a cubitainer to a cooperative and filling it up “en vrac,” this is the sort of fruity, easy-drinking wine that those French would enjoy. It has red fruits, a gentle texture and great final acidity.', 'This plump, medium-bodied rosé features aromas of nectarine and citrus, followed up by flavors of stone fruit, perhaps a hint of cherry and a bit of white chocolate. Then it tightens up again on the finish, turning more citrusy again. END
START HERE Named after the French practice of taking a cubitainer to a cooperative and filling it up “en vrac,” this is the sort of fruity, easy-drinking wine that those French would enjoy. It has red fruits, a gentle texture and great final acidity.', 'This plump, medium-bodied rosé features aromas of nectarine and citrus, followed up by flavors of stone fruit, perhaps a hint of cherry and a bit of white chocolate. Then it tightens up again on the finish, turning more citrusy again.', 'A fairly light, juicy, fruity wine, this has generic flavors, smooth texture, medium body, light tannins and a ripe taste on the finish. END
START HERE This plump, medium-bodied rosé features aromas of nectarine and citrus, followed up by flavors of stone fruit, perhaps a hint of cherry and a bit of white chocolate. Then it tightens up again on the finish, turning more citrusy again.', 'A fairly light, juicy, fruity wine, this has generic flavors, smooth texture, medium body, light tannins and a ripe taste on the finish.', 'This wine feels a bit stripped, although the earthy tannins are still quite noticeable. Herbal flavors overtake the thin red fruits, with a wash of vanilla running through the finish. END
START HERE A fairly light, juicy, fruity wine, this has generic flavors, smooth texture, medium body, light tannins and a ripe taste on the finish.', 'This wine feels a bit stripped, although the earthy tannins are still quite noticeable. Herbal flavors overtake the thin red fruits, with a wash of vanilla running through the finish.', 'Lush scents of vanilla bean, raspberry sauce and cherry syrup show on the nose of this ripely fruited Pinot. The palate is light and direct, with virtually no tannic structure. A fleeting finish follows short flavors of juicy red plum and blueberry. END
START HERE This wine feels a bit stripped, although the earthy tannins are still quite noticeable. Herbal flavors overtake the thin red fruits, with a wash of vanilla running through the finish.', 'Lush scents of vanilla bean, raspberry sauce and cherry syrup show on the nose of this ripely fruited Pinot. The palate is light and direct, with virtually no tannic structure. A fleeting finish follows short flavors of juicy red plum and blueberry.', 'This wine has soft flavors, fruity and bright, with a light, easygoing character that will sip down easily. Drink immediately, well chilled. END
START HERE Lush scents of vanilla bean, raspberry sauce and cherry syrup show on the nose of this ripely fruited Pinot. The palate is light and direct, with virtually no tannic structure. A fleeting finish follows short flavors of juicy red plum and blueberry.', 'This wine has soft flavors, fruity and bright, with a light, easygoing character that will sip down easily. Drink immediately, well chilled.', 'For a basic Chardonnay, this fits the bill. Citrus and peach aromas are standard and clean. The palate is tight and juicy, with no overt oak feel. Flavors of melon and pear have light spice and vanilla accents, while the finish is crisp. END
START HERE This wine has soft flavors, fruity and bright, with a light, easygoing character that will sip down easily. Drink immediately, well chilled.', 'For a basic Chardonnay, this fits the bill. Citrus and peach aromas are standard and clean. The palate is tight and juicy, with no overt oak feel. Flavors of melon and pear have light spice and vanilla accents, while the finish is crisp.', 'Black currant aromas lead on to a soft, off-dry wine with red-berry flavors and a stalky texture. With the softness, it is an immediate wine, easy to drink. END
START HERE For a basic Chardonnay, this fits the bill. Citrus and peach aromas are standard and clean. The palate is tight and juicy, with no overt oak feel. Flavors of melon and pear have light spice and vanilla accents, while the finish is crisp.', 'Black currant aromas lead on to a soft, off-dry wine with red-berry flavors and a stalky texture. With the softness, it is an immediate wine, easy to drink.', 'Initial cherry and violet aromas take on more herbal, green and grassy scents as the bouquet expands. In the mouth, this hits hard, while baked, spicy flavors of herbal plum and berry finish leafy and stewed, with carob and toast. As a whole, this is typical of Salta Malbec. END
START HERE Black currant aromas lead on to a soft, off-dry wine with red-berry flavors and a stalky texture. With the softness, it is an immediate wine, easy to drink.', 'Initial cherry and violet aromas take on more herbal, green and grassy scents as the bouquet expands. In the mouth, this hits hard, while baked, spicy flavors of herbal plum and berry finish leafy and stewed, with carob and toast. As a whole, this is typical of Salta Malbec.', 'Sharp red cherries, a touch of cola and a wisp of forest floor comprise the nose of this affordable bottling. Cranberry skins, orange peels and pine sap sourness prevail on the palate. END
START HERE Initial cherry and violet aromas take on more herbal, green and grassy scents as the bouquet expands. In the mouth, this hits hard, while baked, spicy flavors of herbal plum and berry finish leafy and stewed, with carob and toast. As a whole, this is typical of Salta Malbec.', 'Sharp red cherries, a touch of cola and a wisp of forest floor comprise the nose of this affordable bottling. Cranberry skins, orange peels and pine sap sourness prevail on the palate.', 'Light and watery, this Cab is somewhat dull and lifeless, not showing much in the way of fruit or structure. END
START HERE Sharp red cherries, a touch of cola and a wisp of forest floor comprise the nose of this affordable bottling. Cranberry skins, orange peels and pine sap sourness prevail on the palate.', 'Light and watery, this Cab is somewhat dull and lifeless, not showing much in the way of fruit or structure.', 'Jammy smelling but also lean and minty. The palate is almost sour, a bit better later on, but never does it rise above tight, lean and tart. Mesache means youthful but youth is wasted on the young in this case. Garnacha, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and the indigenous Parraleta. END
START HERE Light and watery, this Cab is somewhat dull and lifeless, not showing much in the way of fruit or structure.', 'Jammy smelling but also lean and minty. The palate is almost sour, a bit better later on, but never does it rise above tight, lean and tart. Mesache means youthful but youth is wasted on the young in this case. Garnacha, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and the indigenous Parraleta.', "This light to medium weight Cabernet has the right profile, but just doesn't seem to come alive. The nose shows blackberry and tobacco aromas and in the mouth there are dried black cherry and spice notes, but they never shine. A soflty dry, slightly woody finish closes the package. END
START HERE Jammy smelling but also lean and minty. The palate is almost sour, a bit better later on, but never does it rise above tight, lean and tart. Mesache means youthful but youth is wasted on the young in this case. Garnacha, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and the indigenous Parraleta.', "This light to medium weight Cabernet has the right profile, but just doesn't seem to come alive. The nose shows blackberry and tobacco aromas and in the mouth there are dried black cherry and spice notes, but they never shine. A soflty dry, slightly woody finish closes the package.", 'Everything is front-end in this Chardonnay. The nose has plenty of tropical fruit, and with some toasted oak in the background. Decent acidity supports the fruit and the smooth mouthfeel is pleasing, but the wine cuts off abruptly with a somewhat short, resinous close. END
START HERE This light to medium weight Cabernet has the right profile, but just doesn't seem to come alive. The nose shows blackberry and tobacco aromas and in the mouth there are dried black cherry and spice notes, but they never shine. A soflty dry, slightly woody finish closes the package.", 'Everything is front-end in this Chardonnay. The nose has plenty of tropical fruit, and with some toasted oak in the background. Decent acidity supports the fruit and the smooth mouthfeel is pleasing, but the wine cuts off abruptly with a somewhat short, resinous close.', 'Aromas are surprisingly light for the variety, with notes of lime leaf and pear. It drinks off dry, with a lightly spritzy feel. END
START HERE Everything is front-end in this Chardonnay. The nose has plenty of tropical fruit, and with some toasted oak in the background. Decent acidity supports the fruit and the smooth mouthfeel is pleasing, but the wine cuts off abruptly with a somewhat short, resinous close.', 'Aromas are surprisingly light for the variety, with notes of lime leaf and pear. It drinks off dry, with a lightly spritzy feel.', "Aromas of peach and lemon peel prime the palate for flavors of peach, apricot, and lemon curd. It's well balanced, with flavors of ripe stone fruit and citrus that wash across the palate and leave a creamy texture in their wake. END
START HERE Aromas are surprisingly light for the variety, with notes of lime leaf and pear. It drinks off dry, with a lightly spritzy feel.', "Aromas of peach and lemon peel prime the palate for flavors of peach, apricot, and lemon curd. It's well balanced, with flavors of ripe stone fruit and citrus that wash across the palate and leave a creamy texture in their wake.", "This is your typical inexpensive California Chardonnay. It's overtly fruity with orange, pineapple, vanilla bean and buttered toast flavors. END
START HERE Aromas of peach and lemon peel prime the palate for flavors of peach, apricot, and lemon curd. It's well balanced, with flavors of ripe stone fruit and citrus that wash across the palate and leave a creamy texture in their wake.", "This is your typical inexpensive California Chardonnay. It's overtly fruity with orange, pineapple, vanilla bean and buttered toast flavors.", "Totally herbaceous, this fruity wine has grassy aromas and gooseberry flavors. It's crisp, fresh and ready to drink. END
START HERE This is your typical inexpensive California Chardonnay. It's overtly fruity with orange, pineapple, vanilla bean and buttered toast flavors.", "Totally herbaceous, this fruity wine has grassy aromas and gooseberry flavors. It's crisp, fresh and ready to drink.", "Toasty and relatively smooth, with a comfortable nose and body. Smoothness is this wine's prime attribute, while the flavors are your basic apple and citrus. Finishes with tang and zest, and overall the wine satisfies while not pressing too hard to do so. END
START HERE Totally herbaceous, this fruity wine has grassy aromas and gooseberry flavors. It's crisp, fresh and ready to drink.", "Toasty and relatively smooth, with a comfortable nose and body. Smoothness is this wine's prime attribute, while the flavors are your basic apple and citrus. Finishes with tang and zest, and overall the wine satisfies while not pressing too hard to do so.", 'Dry and balanced, this Cabernet comes from warmer parts of the Central Coast, where Cabernet gets ripe. The wine is full-bodied and savory in blackberries, currants and cedar. Shows lots of class and harmony. END
START HERE Toasty and relatively smooth, with a comfortable nose and body. Smoothness is this wine's prime attribute, while the flavors are your basic apple and citrus. Finishes with tang and zest, and overall the wine satisfies while not pressing too hard to do so.", 'Dry and balanced, this Cabernet comes from warmer parts of the Central Coast, where Cabernet gets ripe. The wine is full-bodied and savory in blackberries, currants and cedar. Shows lots of class and harmony.', 'This blend of Merlot, Tannat and Syrah comes from the southwest near the Atlantic Ocean. That locale gives the tannins and the juicy red fruits a cool, perfumed and lightly stalky character. The acidity is right there along with the soft berry aftertaste that makes the wine drinkable now. END
START HERE Dry and balanced, this Cabernet comes from warmer parts of the Central Coast, where Cabernet gets ripe. The wine is full-bodied and savory in blackberries, currants and cedar. Shows lots of class and harmony.', 'This blend of Merlot, Tannat and Syrah comes from the southwest near the Atlantic Ocean. That locale gives the tannins and the juicy red fruits a cool, perfumed and lightly stalky character. The acidity is right there along with the soft berry aftertaste that makes the wine drinkable now.', 'Cherry, leather and dried cheese aromas set up a mildly lactic palate, with flavors of cassis, cherry and oak-based butter. It feels good on the finish, with fruit and oak flavors. END
START HERE This blend of Merlot, Tannat and Syrah comes from the southwest near the Atlantic Ocean. That locale gives the tannins and the juicy red fruits a cool, perfumed and lightly stalky character. The acidity is right there along with the soft berry aftertaste that makes the wine drinkable now.', 'Cherry, leather and dried cheese aromas set up a mildly lactic palate, with flavors of cassis, cherry and oak-based butter. It feels good on the finish, with fruit and oak flavors.', "The price is right on this simple, everyday Cab. It's soft and fruity, with prune juice and cocoa flavors. END
START HERE Cherry, leather and dried cheese aromas set up a mildly lactic palate, with flavors of cassis, cherry and oak-based butter. It feels good on the finish, with fruit and oak flavors.', "The price is right on this simple, everyday Cab. It's soft and fruity, with prune juice and cocoa flavors.", "Chono is one of the better Chilean rosé wines we've come across. It has that Mediterranean look, smell and flare to it. The color is attractive, the nose fresh and clean, and the flavors of orange and fine herbs are crisp and on the spot. Good for this summer. END
START HERE The price is right on this simple, everyday Cab. It's soft and fruity, with prune juice and cocoa flavors.", "Chono is one of the better Chilean rosé wines we've come across. It has that Mediterranean look, smell and flare to it. The color is attractive, the nose fresh and clean, and the flavors of orange and fine herbs are crisp and on the spot. Good for this summer.", 'Earthy aromas and meaty flavors make this medium-bodied wine a bit of a wild card. Consumers expecting an average red blend may find this too funky, but it does feel rich and have a lingering finish. END
START HERE Chono is one of the better Chilean rosé wines we've come across. It has that Mediterranean look, smell and flare to it. The color is attractive, the nose fresh and clean, and the flavors of orange and fine herbs are crisp and on the spot. Good for this summer.", 'Earthy aromas and meaty flavors make this medium-bodied wine a bit of a wild card. Consumers expecting an average red blend may find this too funky, but it does feel rich and have a lingering finish.', "This wine doesn't show the ripeness of Barker's Marque's other SBs, instead offering hard nectarine and underripe melon flavors accented by a grassy, herbal finish. It's still good, probably at its best served alongside simple fish dishes. END
START HERE Earthy aromas and meaty flavors make this medium-bodied wine a bit of a wild card. Consumers expecting an average red blend may find this too funky, but it does feel rich and have a lingering finish.', "This wine doesn't show the ripeness of Barker's Marque's other SBs, instead offering hard nectarine and underripe melon flavors accented by a grassy, herbal finish. It's still good, probably at its best served alongside simple fish dishes.", 'Staunch aromas of leather and animal hide ride heavily on top of rubbery blackberry scents. This feels solid but scattered, with cherry and cassis flavors that come across jammy. Rubbery notes and a mild cheesy oak character dominate the finish. END
START HERE This wine doesn't show the ripeness of Barker's Marque's other SBs, instead offering hard nectarine and underripe melon flavors accented by a grassy, herbal finish. It's still good, probably at its best served alongside simple fish dishes.", 'Staunch aromas of leather and animal hide ride heavily on top of rubbery blackberry scents. This feels solid but scattered, with cherry and cassis flavors that come across jammy. Rubbery notes and a mild cheesy oak character dominate the finish.', 'Leather and citrus aromas unleash a mild chemical note on the nose of this Monastrell-Syrah-Cabernet Sauvignon blend. A solid palate with hard, poking tannins leads to cherry flavors that veer towards bitterness. This finishes woody, dry and slightly bitter. END
START HERE Staunch aromas of leather and animal hide ride heavily on top of rubbery blackberry scents. This feels solid but scattered, with cherry and cassis flavors that come across jammy. Rubbery notes and a mild cheesy oak character dominate the finish.', 'Leather and citrus aromas unleash a mild chemical note on the nose of this Monastrell-Syrah-Cabernet Sauvignon blend. A solid palate with hard, poking tannins leads to cherry flavors that veer towards bitterness. This finishes woody, dry and slightly bitter.', "This unoaked, low-alcohol Sauvignon Blanc is really elegant, and shows how you don't have to spend a lot to get a fine wine. It's dry, crisp and rich in lemon, lime, pineapple and vanilla flavors, with a savory creaminess from sur lie aging. A brilliant value; production was 77,500 cases. END
START HERE Leather and citrus aromas unleash a mild chemical note on the nose of this Monastrell-Syrah-Cabernet Sauvignon blend. A solid palate with hard, poking tannins leads to cherry flavors that veer towards bitterness. This finishes woody, dry and slightly bitter.', "This unoaked, low-alcohol Sauvignon Blanc is really elegant, and shows how you don't have to spend a lot to get a fine wine. It's dry, crisp and rich in lemon, lime, pineapple and vanilla flavors, with a savory creaminess from sur lie aging. A brilliant value; production was 77,500 cases.", 'Angular plum and berry aromas are rubbery. This Syrah feels wide and blocky, but solid. Black-fruit flavors finish with drawing tannins and a shot of black coffee. END
START HERE This unoaked, low-alcohol Sauvignon Blanc is really elegant, and shows how you don't have to spend a lot to get a fine wine. It's dry, crisp and rich in lemon, lime, pineapple and vanilla flavors, with a savory creaminess from sur lie aging. A brilliant value; production was 77,500 cases.", 'Angular plum and berry aromas are rubbery. This Syrah feels wide and blocky, but solid. Black-fruit flavors finish with drawing tannins and a shot of black coffee.', 'This easy-drinking Chianti opens with subtle red-skinned fruit and leather aromas. The tannins are rather evolved for such a young, simple wine, so drink soon to capture the red cherry and raspberry fruit. END
START HERE Angular plum and berry aromas are rubbery. This Syrah feels wide and blocky, but solid. Black-fruit flavors finish with drawing tannins and a shot of black coffee.', 'This easy-drinking Chianti opens with subtle red-skinned fruit and leather aromas. The tannins are rather evolved for such a young, simple wine, so drink soon to capture the red cherry and raspberry fruit.', 'Somewhat earthy and rubbery at first, with baked berry, cassis and mild herbal aromas settling in afterwards. The palate is juicy and tight, albeit a bit tannic and hard-hitting. Tastes sweet, warm and roasted, with blackberry fruit and vanilla. END
START HERE This easy-drinking Chianti opens with subtle red-skinned fruit and leather aromas. The tannins are rather evolved for such a young, simple wine, so drink soon to capture the red cherry and raspberry fruit.', 'Somewhat earthy and rubbery at first, with baked berry, cassis and mild herbal aromas settling in afterwards. The palate is juicy and tight, albeit a bit tannic and hard-hitting. Tastes sweet, warm and roasted, with blackberry fruit and vanilla.', "Opens with standard olive, herb, tobacco and black fruit aromas. The palate is big and tannic, with baked blackberry and herbal-leaning flavors. Warm and full on the finish, with a carryover of the wine's core flavors. END
START HERE Somewhat earthy and rubbery at first, with baked berry, cassis and mild herbal aromas settling in afterwards. The palate is juicy and tight, albeit a bit tannic and hard-hitting. Tastes sweet, warm and roasted, with blackberry fruit and vanilla.', "Opens with standard olive, herb, tobacco and black fruit aromas. The palate is big and tannic, with baked blackberry and herbal-leaning flavors. Warm and full on the finish, with a carryover of the wine's core flavors.", 'This wine is refreshing, seemingly light in body and texture. Fresh and fruity in flavor, it makes a good house wine to keep in stock. END
START HERE Opens with standard olive, herb, tobacco and black fruit aromas. The palate is big and tannic, with baked blackberry and herbal-leaning flavors. Warm and full on the finish, with a carryover of the wine's core flavors.", 'This wine is refreshing, seemingly light in body and texture. Fresh and fruity in flavor, it makes a good house wine to keep in stock.', 'A clear salmon color in the glass, this value-priced rosé opens with attractive notes of white flowers, strawberry and peach, with the faintest hint of white chocolate in the back. Despite the rich, ripe aromas, the mouthfeel is lightweight and well balanced by ample orangy acidity. END
START HERE This wine is refreshing, seemingly light in body and texture. Fresh and fruity in flavor, it makes a good house wine to keep in stock.', 'A clear salmon color in the glass, this value-priced rosé opens with attractive notes of white flowers, strawberry and peach, with the faintest hint of white chocolate in the back. Despite the rich, ripe aromas, the mouthfeel is lightweight and well balanced by ample orangy acidity.', 'Full berry and hickory aromas come with a hint of burnt rubber. The palate is regular, if a bit gritty, with generic berry flavors and a spot of bitterness. It finishes quick, tannic and solid, with a lot of fruit character. END
START HERE A clear salmon color in the glass, this value-priced rosé opens with attractive notes of white flowers, strawberry and peach, with the faintest hint of white chocolate in the back. Despite the rich, ripe aromas, the mouthfeel is lightweight and well balanced by ample orangy acidity.', 'Full berry and hickory aromas come with a hint of burnt rubber. The palate is regular, if a bit gritty, with generic berry flavors and a spot of bitterness. It finishes quick, tannic and solid, with a lot of fruit character.', 'Clean aromas of banana and apple get this Chardonnay off to a solid start. The palate is alert and upright, with a note of resiny oak. Flavors of melon and peach are supported by snappy acidity. END
START HERE Full berry and hickory aromas come with a hint of burnt rubber. The palate is regular, if a bit gritty, with generic berry flavors and a spot of bitterness. It finishes quick, tannic and solid, with a lot of fruit character.', 'Clean aromas of banana and apple get this Chardonnay off to a solid start. The palate is alert and upright, with a note of resiny oak. Flavors of melon and peach are supported by snappy acidity.', 'This polished and well-behaved wine has light spicy, oaky aromas, plenty of good blackberry and cherry flavors and an easygoing texture. It will be a crowd pleaser as well as a host pleaser, with an affordable price. END
START HERE Clean aromas of banana and apple get this Chardonnay off to a solid start. The palate is alert and upright, with a note of resiny oak. Flavors of melon and peach are supported by snappy acidity.', 'This polished and well-behaved wine has light spicy, oaky aromas, plenty of good blackberry and cherry flavors and an easygoing texture. It will be a crowd pleaser as well as a host pleaser, with an affordable price.', "A lovely effort, with round, spicy fruit and a pleasing lushness in the midpalate. Lemon tea and hints of sweet honey are backed with enough acid to give it plenty of grip. All in all, it's a very good Washington imitation of a Spatlëse. END
START HERE This polished and well-behaved wine has light spicy, oaky aromas, plenty of good blackberry and cherry flavors and an easygoing texture. It will be a crowd pleaser as well as a host pleaser, with an affordable price.', "A lovely effort, with round, spicy fruit and a pleasing lushness in the midpalate. Lemon tea and hints of sweet honey are backed with enough acid to give it plenty of grip. All in all, it's a very good Washington imitation of a Spatlëse.", "It's amazing how consistently good Lake County Sauvignon Blancs can be at such a good price, and with their '05, Wildhurst exemplifies these qualities. The wine is very ripe in citrus, fig, green melon, vanilla and peppery spice flavors, with wonderful acidity and a honeyed finish. END
START HERE A lovely effort, with round, spicy fruit and a pleasing lushness in the midpalate. Lemon tea and hints of sweet honey are backed with enough acid to give it plenty of grip. All in all, it's a very good Washington imitation of a Spatlëse.", "It's amazing how consistently good Lake County Sauvignon Blancs can be at such a good price, and with their '05, Wildhurst exemplifies these qualities. The wine is very ripe in citrus, fig, green melon, vanilla and peppery spice flavors, with wonderful acidity and a honeyed finish.", "Starts with peppery, leafy aromas that morph toward dry and earthy. The palate, like with all of Torres' basic '07 wines, is crisp and acidic, which brings tang to the wine's red cherry and plum flavors. Spicy, peppery and fresh on the finish. END
START HERE It's amazing how consistently good Lake County Sauvignon Blancs can be at such a good price, and with their '05, Wildhurst exemplifies these qualities. The wine is very ripe in citrus, fig, green melon, vanilla and peppery spice flavors, with wonderful acidity and a honeyed finish.", "Starts with peppery, leafy aromas that morph toward dry and earthy. The palate, like with all of Torres' basic '07 wines, is crisp and acidic, which brings tang to the wine's red cherry and plum flavors. Spicy, peppery and fresh on the finish.", 'Meaty, tarry aromas get reduced to simple darkness and shoe polish as this Merlot opens. A full-bodied palate is home to oaky, minty, chocolaty flavors of generic berry and herbal flavors. A crisp finish is nothing but ordinary. END
START HERE Starts with peppery, leafy aromas that morph toward dry and earthy. The palate, like with all of Torres' basic '07 wines, is crisp and acidic, which brings tang to the wine's red cherry and plum flavors. Spicy, peppery and fresh on the finish.", 'Meaty, tarry aromas get reduced to simple darkness and shoe polish as this Merlot opens. A full-bodied palate is home to oaky, minty, chocolaty flavors of generic berry and herbal flavors. A crisp finish is nothing but ordinary.', "Bracing acidity forms the backbone of this wine. It's softened a bit by layers of fresh apple and pear, but overall, it's a dry, austere wine. Touches of pollen, dried herb and dust lend a savory, earthy tone that lingers on the finish. END
START HERE Meaty, tarry aromas get reduced to simple darkness and shoe polish as this Merlot opens. A full-bodied palate is home to oaky, minty, chocolaty flavors of generic berry and herbal flavors. A crisp finish is nothing but ordinary.', "Bracing acidity forms the backbone of this wine. It's softened a bit by layers of fresh apple and pear, but overall, it's a dry, austere wine. Touches of pollen, dried herb and dust lend a savory, earthy tone that lingers on the finish.", 'This wine offers fruit-forward aromas of raspberries, plum and cranberry. It drinks off dry (10g/L residual sugar) with abundant red fruit flavors and a light squeeze of tannins leading to herb flavors on the finish. END
START HERE Bracing acidity forms the backbone of this wine. It's softened a bit by layers of fresh apple and pear, but overall, it's a dry, austere wine. Touches of pollen, dried herb and dust lend a savory, earthy tone that lingers on the finish.", 'This wine offers fruit-forward aromas of raspberries, plum and cranberry. It drinks off dry (10g/L residual sugar) with abundant red fruit flavors and a light squeeze of tannins leading to herb flavors on the finish.', 'A little one-dimensional, but offers enough cherry, red currant and smoky oak flavors to get by for everyday eating. A good example of the art of blending, with 115,000 cases produced. END
START HERE This wine offers fruit-forward aromas of raspberries, plum and cranberry. It drinks off dry (10g/L residual sugar) with abundant red fruit flavors and a light squeeze of tannins leading to herb flavors on the finish.', 'A little one-dimensional, but offers enough cherry, red currant and smoky oak flavors to get by for everyday eating. A good example of the art of blending, with 115,000 cases produced.', 'A candy bar of a Cabernet, with chocolate, blackberry, brown sugar, roasted almond and vanilla flavors. Clean and easy, at a fair price. END
START HERE A little one-dimensional, but offers enough cherry, red currant and smoky oak flavors to get by for everyday eating. A good example of the art of blending, with 115,000 cases produced.', 'A candy bar of a Cabernet, with chocolate, blackberry, brown sugar, roasted almond and vanilla flavors. Clean and easy, at a fair price.', 'This vibrant red opens with scents of small red berries and cherries, accented by touches of vanilla bean and black pepper. The medium-weight palate is well balanced and approachable, with fruit-skin flavors that harmonize with the fine tannins. A kiss of cocoa graces the finish. END
START HERE A candy bar of a Cabernet, with chocolate, blackberry, brown sugar, roasted almond and vanilla flavors. Clean and easy, at a fair price.', 'This vibrant red opens with scents of small red berries and cherries, accented by touches of vanilla bean and black pepper. The medium-weight palate is well balanced and approachable, with fruit-skin flavors that harmonize with the fine tannins. A kiss of cocoa graces the finish.', 'This is crisp, tight, still young. Hedgerow flower aromas are sustained in the fresh character of the wine. Zesty lemon shines while the steely, tight texture is still closed and waiting to blossom. Drink from 2015. END
START HERE This vibrant red opens with scents of small red berries and cherries, accented by touches of vanilla bean and black pepper. The medium-weight palate is well balanced and approachable, with fruit-skin flavors that harmonize with the fine tannins. A kiss of cocoa graces the finish.', 'This is crisp, tight, still young. Hedgerow flower aromas are sustained in the fresh character of the wine. Zesty lemon shines while the steely, tight texture is still closed and waiting to blossom. Drink from 2015.', "An oversupply of Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc has led to bargains like this wine, which delivers nectarine and white grapefruit flavors in a medium-bodied format. It's plump on the palate, then turns zippy and citrusy on the finish. END
START HERE This is crisp, tight, still young. Hedgerow flower aromas are sustained in the fresh character of the wine. Zesty lemon shines while the steely, tight texture is still closed and waiting to blossom. Drink from 2015.', "An oversupply of Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc has led to bargains like this wine, which delivers nectarine and white grapefruit flavors in a medium-bodied format. It's plump on the palate, then turns zippy and citrusy on the finish.", "Medium sweet (listed at 24g/L residual sugar), this includes 7% Gewürztraminer in the blend. Lime and lime skin are the first sniff responders, with more citrus and wet stone flavors following. Despite the sugar, it's a rather tart tasting wine, suitable for a wide variety of spicy Asian fare. END
START HERE An oversupply of Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc has led to bargains like this wine, which delivers nectarine and white grapefruit flavors in a medium-bodied format. It's plump on the palate, then turns zippy and citrusy on the finish.", "Medium sweet (listed at 24g/L residual sugar), this includes 7% Gewürztraminer in the blend. Lime and lime skin are the first sniff responders, with more citrus and wet stone flavors following. Despite the sugar, it's a rather tart tasting wine, suitable for a wide variety of spicy Asian fare.", 'Made from Castelão, the local grape of the Setúbal region, this wine is as bright and clean as possible. The light texture makes it ideal for summer drinking. END
START HERE Medium sweet (listed at 24g/L residual sugar), this includes 7% Gewürztraminer in the blend. Lime and lime skin are the first sniff responders, with more citrus and wet stone flavors following. Despite the sugar, it's a rather tart tasting wine, suitable for a wide variety of spicy Asian fare.", 'Made from Castelão, the local grape of the Setúbal region, this wine is as bright and clean as possible. The light texture makes it ideal for summer drinking.', "This blush wine shows plenty of Merlot fruit in the form of cherries and raspberries. It's slightly sweet to off-dry, with pleasant acidity providing balance. END
START HERE Made from Castelão, the local grape of the Setúbal region, this wine is as bright and clean as possible. The light texture makes it ideal for summer drinking.', "This blush wine shows plenty of Merlot fruit in the form of cherries and raspberries. It's slightly sweet to off-dry, with pleasant acidity providing balance.", "Rich, ripe yellow peach and mango flavors are deeply concentrated in this fruity, off-dry wine. It's plush and delectably juicy, but clean lines of steel and lime lend balance and vibe. END
START HERE This blush wine shows plenty of Merlot fruit in the form of cherries and raspberries. It's slightly sweet to off-dry, with pleasant acidity providing balance.", "Rich, ripe yellow peach and mango flavors are deeply concentrated in this fruity, off-dry wine. It's plush and delectably juicy, but clean lines of steel and lime lend balance and vibe.", "This full and ripe Cabernet has berry and black cherry aromas. Tannic, narrow and tough on the tongue, it is blasting with flavors of blackberry, mint and black coffee. It's fruit flavor is met with plenty of kick and grab. Can age for a year. END
START HERE Rich, ripe yellow peach and mango flavors are deeply concentrated in this fruity, off-dry wine. It's plush and delectably juicy, but clean lines of steel and lime lend balance and vibe.", "This full and ripe Cabernet has berry and black cherry aromas. Tannic, narrow and tough on the tongue, it is blasting with flavors of blackberry, mint and black coffee. It's fruit flavor is met with plenty of kick and grab. Can age for a year.", "Here's a friendly, accessible and value-priced rosé that's perfect for warm-weather entertaining. Ripe cherry, plum and raspberry flood the nose and mouth, with a soft dusting of cocoa that adds interest and decadence. The ripe flavors are full and jammy, but balanced by medium acidity that keeps the palate fresh and the finish clean. END
START HERE This full and ripe Cabernet has berry and black cherry aromas. Tannic, narrow and tough on the tongue, it is blasting with flavors of blackberry, mint and black coffee. It's fruit flavor is met with plenty of kick and grab. Can age for a year.", "Here's a friendly, accessible and value-priced rosé that's perfect for warm-weather entertaining. Ripe cherry, plum and raspberry flood the nose and mouth, with a soft dusting of cocoa that adds interest and decadence. The ripe flavors are full and jammy, but balanced by medium acidity that keeps the palate fresh and the finish clean.", 'Spicy, forest berry aromas are slightly herbal, but familiar and reassuring. In the mouth, this basic Merlot shows structure and balance. Flavors of herbal blackberry, fig and chocolate finish with lasting minty, oaky notes. END
START HERE Here's a friendly, accessible and value-priced rosé that's perfect for warm-weather entertaining. Ripe cherry, plum and raspberry flood the nose and mouth, with a soft dusting of cocoa that adds interest and decadence. The ripe flavors are full and jammy, but balanced by medium acidity that keeps the palate fresh and the finish clean.", 'Spicy, forest berry aromas are slightly herbal, but familiar and reassuring. In the mouth, this basic Merlot shows structure and balance. Flavors of herbal blackberry, fig and chocolate finish with lasting minty, oaky notes.', 'Fairly smoky at first, with background aromas of varietally appropriate game, leather and animal. The palate mixes some earthy, more nuanced flavors such tree bark, baked plum and bitter chocolate; the finish is clean, stout and medium long. A good wine with pure dark fruit flavors. END
START HERE Spicy, forest berry aromas are slightly herbal, but familiar and reassuring. In the mouth, this basic Merlot shows structure and balance. Flavors of herbal blackberry, fig and chocolate finish with lasting minty, oaky notes.', 'Fairly smoky at first, with background aromas of varietally appropriate game, leather and animal. The palate mixes some earthy, more nuanced flavors such tree bark, baked plum and bitter chocolate; the finish is clean, stout and medium long. A good wine with pure dark fruit flavors.', 'Gritty, roasted berry aromas are rubbery and hint at Band-Aids. In the mouth, this is O.K. in feel, albeit a bit jammy and thick. Short, generic berry flavors come with minty accents and some green on the finish. END
START HERE Fairly smoky at first, with background aromas of varietally appropriate game, leather and animal. The palate mixes some earthy, more nuanced flavors such tree bark, baked plum and bitter chocolate; the finish is clean, stout and medium long. A good wine with pure dark fruit flavors.', 'Gritty, roasted berry aromas are rubbery and hint at Band-Aids. In the mouth, this is O.K. in feel, albeit a bit jammy and thick. Short, generic berry flavors come with minty accents and some green on the finish.', 'Red plum, tomato and brambly herbal aromas set up a snappy, astringent palate with strained raspberry, spice and herbal flavors. Very dry and acidic as it transitions to the finish. An herbal, sharp-edged red. END
START HERE Gritty, roasted berry aromas are rubbery and hint at Band-Aids. In the mouth, this is O.K. in feel, albeit a bit jammy and thick. Short, generic berry flavors come with minty accents and some green on the finish.', 'Red plum, tomato and brambly herbal aromas set up a snappy, astringent palate with strained raspberry, spice and herbal flavors. Very dry and acidic as it transitions to the finish. An herbal, sharp-edged red.', 'Ripe blackberry aromas are welcoming and clean. This features a flush palate that hollows out while delivering generic but fresh black-fruit flavors. A tasty, fresh finish makes this good for everyday drinking. END
START HERE Red plum, tomato and brambly herbal aromas set up a snappy, astringent palate with strained raspberry, spice and herbal flavors. Very dry and acidic as it transitions to the finish. An herbal, sharp-edged red.', 'Ripe blackberry aromas are welcoming and clean. This features a flush palate that hollows out while delivering generic but fresh black-fruit flavors. A tasty, fresh finish makes this good for everyday drinking.', 'While this foamy rosé is not elevated, it should appeal to those who like sweet Moscato bubblies. Candied flavors of raspberry, lychee and dried mango finish with a note of pineapple syrup. END
START HERE Ripe blackberry aromas are welcoming and clean. This features a flush palate that hollows out while delivering generic but fresh black-fruit flavors. A tasty, fresh finish makes this good for everyday drinking.', 'While this foamy rosé is not elevated, it should appeal to those who like sweet Moscato bubblies. Candied flavors of raspberry, lychee and dried mango finish with a note of pineapple syrup.', 'This Rhône-style blend of a rosé is a light, enjoyable sipper of tart red berries, bubble gum and sharp citrus. END
START HERE While this foamy rosé is not elevated, it should appeal to those who like sweet Moscato bubblies. Candied flavors of raspberry, lychee and dried mango finish with a note of pineapple syrup.', 'This Rhône-style blend of a rosé is a light, enjoyable sipper of tart red berries, bubble gum and sharp citrus.', 'The KWV-owned estate in Paarl has produced an old-style Burgundian wine with animal aromas. These may wear off with age, but currently it still has charm, and certainly character, with its layers of spice and yeasty fruits. END
START HERE This Rhône-style blend of a rosé is a light, enjoyable sipper of tart red berries, bubble gum and sharp citrus.', 'The KWV-owned estate in Paarl has produced an old-style Burgundian wine with animal aromas. These may wear off with age, but currently it still has charm, and certainly character, with its layers of spice and yeasty fruits.', "Lime and mineral notes are about all that arise from the bouquet. On the palate, this is a sizzler with blazing acidity and narrow flavors of lemon and green apple. Yes, it's very fresh and cleansing; but this is also acidic and lean. END
START HERE The KWV-owned estate in Paarl has produced an old-style Burgundian wine with animal aromas. These may wear off with age, but currently it still has charm, and certainly character, with its layers of spice and yeasty fruits.', "Lime and mineral notes are about all that arise from the bouquet. On the palate, this is a sizzler with blazing acidity and narrow flavors of lemon and green apple. Yes, it's very fresh and cleansing; but this is also acidic and lean.", 'A natural wine made from four grapes. The nose has an abundance of black fruit along with leather and dried herb notes, while the palate, although a bit hard and acidic, is also pretty well saturated. Grapey, generous and flavorful, but a little rough in the mouth. END
START HERE Lime and mineral notes are about all that arise from the bouquet. On the palate, this is a sizzler with blazing acidity and narrow flavors of lemon and green apple. Yes, it's very fresh and cleansing; but this is also acidic and lean.", 'A natural wine made from four grapes. The nose has an abundance of black fruit along with leather and dried herb notes, while the palate, although a bit hard and acidic, is also pretty well saturated. Grapey, generous and flavorful, but a little rough in the mouth.', 'Rubbery berry aromas carry a note of vanilla. This feels firm and choppy but not too rough. Rubber, berry fruits and herbal notes define the flavor profile, while the finish is solid in feel, with a minty taste. END
START HERE A natural wine made from four grapes. The nose has an abundance of black fruit along with leather and dried herb notes, while the palate, although a bit hard and acidic, is also pretty well saturated. Grapey, generous and flavorful, but a little rough in the mouth.', 'Rubbery berry aromas carry a note of vanilla. This feels firm and choppy but not too rough. Rubber, berry fruits and herbal notes define the flavor profile, while the finish is solid in feel, with a minty taste.', 'Rusty in color for a young wine, with mulchy, faded berry fruit aromas. It has life on the palate, which tastes earthy, peppery and a little bit burnt. A dry, spicy wine with cherry flavors interspersed. END
START HERE Rubbery berry aromas carry a note of vanilla. This feels firm and choppy but not too rough. Rubber, berry fruits and herbal notes define the flavor profile, while the finish is solid in feel, with a minty taste.', 'Rusty in color for a young wine, with mulchy, faded berry fruit aromas. It has life on the palate, which tastes earthy, peppery and a little bit burnt. A dry, spicy wine with cherry flavors interspersed.', 'Dark in color, this chunky, ripe Malbec opens with blackberry, earth and rubber aromas. That bold, full quality carries onto the palate, which is staunch and bullish, with pepper and berry flavors that finish dry, yet weighty and lush. END
START HERE Rusty in color for a young wine, with mulchy, faded berry fruit aromas. It has life on the palate, which tastes earthy, peppery and a little bit burnt. A dry, spicy wine with cherry flavors interspersed.', 'Dark in color, this chunky, ripe Malbec opens with blackberry, earth and rubber aromas. That bold, full quality carries onto the palate, which is staunch and bullish, with pepper and berry flavors that finish dry, yet weighty and lush.', "Tropical aromas arise from the bouquet of this unoaked new Chardonnay, and there's some pineapple and lemon-lime thrown in. Flavors of apple sauce, cinnamon and lime juice are sweet and tasty, while the mouthfeel is simple and fleshy. Drink now for the wine's youthful jump. END
START HERE Dark in color, this chunky, ripe Malbec opens with blackberry, earth and rubber aromas. That bold, full quality carries onto the palate, which is staunch and bullish, with pepper and berry flavors that finish dry, yet weighty and lush.', "Tropical aromas arise from the bouquet of this unoaked new Chardonnay, and there's some pineapple and lemon-lime thrown in. Flavors of apple sauce, cinnamon and lime juice are sweet and tasty, while the mouthfeel is simple and fleshy. Drink now for the wine's youthful jump.", 'An everyday Chardonay, this is seemingly sweet and fruity, with pineapple, vanilla and buttered toast flavors. END
START HERE Tropical aromas arise from the bouquet of this unoaked new Chardonnay, and there's some pineapple and lemon-lime thrown in. Flavors of apple sauce, cinnamon and lime juice are sweet and tasty, while the mouthfeel is simple and fleshy. Drink now for the wine's youthful jump.", 'An everyday Chardonay, this is seemingly sweet and fruity, with pineapple, vanilla and buttered toast flavors.', 'Full, solid and dishing pretty aromas of blackberry, dark plum and mild spice. Sturdy in the mouth, with nice balance and above-average mouthfeel. Tastes ripe, lightly toasted and it finishes smooth if a bit short. Textbook value Malbec; easy to like. END
START HERE An everyday Chardonay, this is seemingly sweet and fruity, with pineapple, vanilla and buttered toast flavors.', 'Full, solid and dishing pretty aromas of blackberry, dark plum and mild spice. Sturdy in the mouth, with nice balance and above-average mouthfeel. Tastes ripe, lightly toasted and it finishes smooth if a bit short. Textbook value Malbec; easy to like.', "Most everyone's first Bordeaux is back for another year, with fruity black-cherry aromas spiked with just a touch of vanilla and cedar. Juicy acidity keeps this crowd-pleaser lively through the lightly tannic finish. A good introduction to the genre. END
START HERE Full, solid and dishing pretty aromas of blackberry, dark plum and mild spice. Sturdy in the mouth, with nice balance and above-average mouthfeel. Tastes ripe, lightly toasted and it finishes smooth if a bit short. Textbook value Malbec; easy to like.', "Most everyone's first Bordeaux is back for another year, with fruity black-cherry aromas spiked with just a touch of vanilla and cedar. Juicy acidity keeps this crowd-pleaser lively through the lightly tannic finish. A good introduction to the genre.", "Rich with strawberry fruitiness, the wine also has a good fresh touch. It's a blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah, giving a warm, ripe and fruity aftertaste. END
START HERE Most everyone's first Bordeaux is back for another year, with fruity black-cherry aromas spiked with just a touch of vanilla and cedar. Juicy acidity keeps this crowd-pleaser lively through the lightly tannic finish. A good introduction to the genre.", "Rich with strawberry fruitiness, the wine also has a good fresh touch. It's a blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah, giving a warm, ripe and fruity aftertaste.", "Sure it's oaky, but it tastes good, with the subtle menthol and bold vanilla flavors serving to highlight bright cherries. The silky texture is a highlight, then the finish shows off juicy fruit and fine tannins. END
START HERE Rich with strawberry fruitiness, the wine also has a good fresh touch. It's a blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah, giving a warm, ripe and fruity aftertaste.", "Sure it's oaky, but it tastes good, with the subtle menthol and bold vanilla flavors serving to highlight bright cherries. The silky texture is a highlight, then the finish shows off juicy fruit and fine tannins.", 'Dark in color, with aromas of road tar, blackberry and burnt toast. The palate has good life and snap to it, with flavors of black cherry, plum, chocolaty oak and a dash of cough medicine. Solid and scouring on the finish, with vanilla to soften things up. Regular but good value. END
START HERE Sure it's oaky, but it tastes good, with the subtle menthol and bold vanilla flavors serving to highlight bright cherries. The silky texture is a highlight, then the finish shows off juicy fruit and fine tannins.", 'Dark in color, with aromas of road tar, blackberry and burnt toast. The palate has good life and snap to it, with flavors of black cherry, plum, chocolaty oak and a dash of cough medicine. Solid and scouring on the finish, with vanilla to soften things up. Regular but good value.', "Mondavi's done it again, produced another very nice Cabernet at an everyday price. It shows classy elegance, with blackberry, currant and mocha notes. END
START HERE Dark in color, with aromas of road tar, blackberry and burnt toast. The palate has good life and snap to it, with flavors of black cherry, plum, chocolaty oak and a dash of cough medicine. Solid and scouring on the finish, with vanilla to soften things up. Regular but good value.', "Mondavi's done it again, produced another very nice Cabernet at an everyday price. It shows classy elegance, with blackberry, currant and mocha notes.", "This Pinot is pretty darned good for the price. It's voluptuous in sweetly ripe raspberries, cherries and brown sugar, but has a good spine of acidity for balance. With production of 80,000 cases, it's a fine example of the art of blending. END
START HERE Mondavi's done it again, produced another very nice Cabernet at an everyday price. It shows classy elegance, with blackberry, currant and mocha notes.", "This Pinot is pretty darned good for the price. It's voluptuous in sweetly ripe raspberries, cherries and brown sugar, but has a good spine of acidity for balance. With production of 80,000 cases, it's a fine example of the art of blending.", 'Smoke and a refreshing minty note open this Casablanca Valley Pinot. Black cherry and plum flavors are backed by smoke and syrupy molasses notes. Mouthfeel is on the rich side; finishes with modest tannins and spicy, briary flavors. END
START HERE This Pinot is pretty darned good for the price. It's voluptuous in sweetly ripe raspberries, cherries and brown sugar, but has a good spine of acidity for balance. With production of 80,000 cases, it's a fine example of the art of blending.", 'Smoke and a refreshing minty note open this Casablanca Valley Pinot. Black cherry and plum flavors are backed by smoke and syrupy molasses notes. Mouthfeel is on the rich side; finishes with modest tannins and spicy, briary flavors.', "Charred and smells of coffee, toasted oak, minty berry fruit and earth. The palate is quite tannic, with creamy vanilla flavors along with candied berry fruit and lemony zest. Exhibits mostly faux oak and window dressing, but for $11 it isn't bad. END
START HERE Smoke and a refreshing minty note open this Casablanca Valley Pinot. Black cherry and plum flavors are backed by smoke and syrupy molasses notes. Mouthfeel is on the rich side; finishes with modest tannins and spicy, briary flavors.', "Charred and smells of coffee, toasted oak, minty berry fruit and earth. The palate is quite tannic, with creamy vanilla flavors along with candied berry fruit and lemony zest. Exhibits mostly faux oak and window dressing, but for $11 it isn't bad.", 'A useful Bordeaux-style blend, dry and tannic, with blackberry, blueberry and chocolate flavors that finish sweet and spicy. END
START HERE Charred and smells of coffee, toasted oak, minty berry fruit and earth. The palate is quite tannic, with creamy vanilla flavors along with candied berry fruit and lemony zest. Exhibits mostly faux oak and window dressing, but for $11 it isn't bad.", 'A useful Bordeaux-style blend, dry and tannic, with blackberry, blueberry and chocolate flavors that finish sweet and spicy.', 'Soft, ripe fruits are layered with licorice, red berry flavors and toast. The wine is fresh while also having ripe fruit, open and ready to drink. END
START HERE A useful Bordeaux-style blend, dry and tannic, with blackberry, blueberry and chocolate flavors that finish sweet and spicy.', 'Soft, ripe fruits are layered with licorice, red berry flavors and toast. The wine is fresh while also having ripe fruit, open and ready to drink.', "Although the label doesn't say what grapes were used to make “wine for BBQ,” the deep color, structure and leafy green aromas suggest a meaty, hefty grape (it's actually a blend of Sangiovese and Montepulciano). The wine has power, heft and simple fruit flavors. END
START HERE Soft, ripe fruits are layered with licorice, red berry flavors and toast. The wine is fresh while also having ripe fruit, open and ready to drink.', "Although the label doesn't say what grapes were used to make “wine for BBQ,” the deep color, structure and leafy green aromas suggest a meaty, hefty grape (it's actually a blend of Sangiovese and Montepulciano). The wine has power, heft and simple fruit flavors.", "This plump, succulent Riesling offers up scents of honey, ripe pears and even some slate-driven minerality, then follows through on the palate with crisp pear and citrus flavors, underscored by wet stones. Fresh and clean, it's an ideal apéritif, but would also work well with various Asian dishes. END
START HERE Although the label doesn't say what grapes were used to make “wine for BBQ,” the deep color, structure and leafy green aromas suggest a meaty, hefty grape (it's actually a blend of Sangiovese and Montepulciano). The wine has power, heft and simple fruit flavors.", "This plump, succulent Riesling offers up scents of honey, ripe pears and even some slate-driven minerality, then follows through on the palate with crisp pear and citrus flavors, underscored by wet stones. Fresh and clean, it's an ideal apéritif, but would also work well with various Asian dishes.", 'Very crisp and fresh, this young wine has tight acidity as well as touches of yellow fruits. It is a fruity wine that needs to soften over the next few months. Drink from 2016. END
START HERE This plump, succulent Riesling offers up scents of honey, ripe pears and even some slate-driven minerality, then follows through on the palate with crisp pear and citrus flavors, underscored by wet stones. Fresh and clean, it's an ideal apéritif, but would also work well with various Asian dishes.", 'Very crisp and fresh, this young wine has tight acidity as well as touches of yellow fruits. It is a fruity wine that needs to soften over the next few months. Drink from 2016', 'There are a lot of different elements going on here, with aromas of black fruit mixing with nuances of sweet smoke and a touch of leather. Balanced and full in the mouth with moderate tannins and a solid finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Very crisp and fresh, this young wine has tight acidity as well as touches of yellow fruits. It is a fruity wine that needs to soften over the next few months. Drink from 2016', 'There are a lot of different elements going on here, with aromas of black fruit mixing with nuances of sweet smoke and a touch of leather. Balanced and full in the mouth with moderate tannins and a solid finish. Drink now.', 'A soft, unfocussed wine that certainly shows the black color of Malbec, from which comes the name of the wine. But it lacks definition, the wood element separate from the ripe berry fruits, with acidity trailing behind. END
START HERE There are a lot of different elements going on here, with aromas of black fruit mixing with nuances of sweet smoke and a touch of leather. Balanced and full in the mouth with moderate tannins and a solid finish. Drink now.', 'A soft, unfocussed wine that certainly shows the black color of Malbec, from which comes the name of the wine. But it lacks definition, the wood element separate from the ripe berry fruits, with acidity trailing behind.', 'Named after the Bay of Biscay near Gascony, this wine is light, fruity and crisp. It has an herbal character, refreshing green fruit and lively acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE A soft, unfocussed wine that certainly shows the black color of Malbec, from which comes the name of the wine. But it lacks definition, the wood element separate from the ripe berry fruits, with acidity trailing behind.', 'Named after the Bay of Biscay near Gascony, this wine is light, fruity and crisp. It has an herbal character, refreshing green fruit and lively acidity. Drink now.', "A whiff of lemongrass lends freshness to this brisk, citrusy Kabinett. It's not a complex wine but feels pleasantly zesty with subdued grapefruit sweetness. An ideal apéritif for drinking now through 2020. END
START HERE Named after the Bay of Biscay near Gascony, this wine is light, fruity and crisp. It has an herbal character, refreshing green fruit and lively acidity. Drink now.', "A whiff of lemongrass lends freshness to this brisk, citrusy Kabinett. It's not a complex wine but feels pleasantly zesty with subdued grapefruit sweetness. An ideal apéritif for drinking now through 2020.", "An intensely fruity rosé, the palate is full with red berries and spirited acidity. It's very fruity, fresh and crisp with a cool-climate feel of bright, light texture. Screwcap. END
START HERE A whiff of lemongrass lends freshness to this brisk, citrusy Kabinett. It's not a complex wine but feels pleasantly zesty with subdued grapefruit sweetness. An ideal apéritif for drinking now through 2020.", "An intensely fruity rosé, the palate is full with red berries and spirited acidity. It's very fruity, fresh and crisp with a cool-climate feel of bright, light texture. Screwcap.", 'Aromas of orange, scallion and match stick are a bit sulfuric. This feels simple, lemony and juicy, while monotone white pineapple and lemon-lime flavors finish zesty and cleansing. END
START HERE An intensely fruity rosé, the palate is full with red berries and spirited acidity. It's very fruity, fresh and crisp with a cool-climate feel of bright, light texture. Screwcap.", 'Aromas of orange, scallion and match stick are a bit sulfuric. This feels simple, lemony and juicy, while monotone white pineapple and lemon-lime flavors finish zesty and cleansing.', 'Pleasant apple and woodspice aromas are basic and limited but good. This feels balanced, with friendly melon, banana and tropical-fruit flavors. Light oak and related vanilla flavors drive the finish on this easygoing Chardonnay. END
START HERE Aromas of orange, scallion and match stick are a bit sulfuric. This feels simple, lemony and juicy, while monotone white pineapple and lemon-lime flavors finish zesty and cleansing.', 'Pleasant apple and woodspice aromas are basic and limited but good. This feels balanced, with friendly melon, banana and tropical-fruit flavors. Light oak and related vanilla flavors drive the finish on this easygoing Chardonnay.', "Fresh, primary red cherry and raspberry flavors are punchy and bright on this easygoing Pinot Noir for everyday enjoyment. It's not a complex wine but pristinely fruity, balanced neatly by a crush of cranberry acidity. The finish lingers elegantly marked by fine, feathery tannins. END
START HERE Pleasant apple and woodspice aromas are basic and limited but good. This feels balanced, with friendly melon, banana and tropical-fruit flavors. Light oak and related vanilla flavors drive the finish on this easygoing Chardonnay.', "Fresh, primary red cherry and raspberry flavors are punchy and bright on this easygoing Pinot Noir for everyday enjoyment. It's not a complex wine but pristinely fruity, balanced neatly by a crush of cranberry acidity. The finish lingers elegantly marked by fine, feathery tannins.", 'Spiky aromas of brambly, herbal berry fruits introduce a thick yet juicy palate with herbal, spicy flavors of berry and mild green notes. On the finish, this is fresh in feel, with a minty aftertaste. END
START HERE Fresh, primary red cherry and raspberry flavors are punchy and bright on this easygoing Pinot Noir for everyday enjoyment. It's not a complex wine but pristinely fruity, balanced neatly by a crush of cranberry acidity. The finish lingers elegantly marked by fine, feathery tannins.", 'Spiky aromas of brambly, herbal berry fruits introduce a thick yet juicy palate with herbal, spicy flavors of berry and mild green notes. On the finish, this is fresh in feel, with a minty aftertaste.', 'This opens with pretty aromas of violets, plum cake and black berries. The juicy, smooth palate delivers crushed black cherry alongside supple tannins and bright acidity. END
START HERE Spiky aromas of brambly, herbal berry fruits introduce a thick yet juicy palate with herbal, spicy flavors of berry and mild green notes. On the finish, this is fresh in feel, with a minty aftertaste.', 'This opens with pretty aromas of violets, plum cake and black berries. The juicy, smooth palate delivers crushed black cherry alongside supple tannins and bright acidity.', "Rubbery plum, tomato and spice aromas are modest. This has a standard but healthy mouthfeel and flavors of raspberry, herbs and spice. On the finish, this doesn't offer anything different than what's on the palate. END
START HERE This opens with pretty aromas of violets, plum cake and black berries. The juicy, smooth palate delivers crushed black cherry alongside supple tannins and bright acidity.', "Rubbery plum, tomato and spice aromas are modest. This has a standard but healthy mouthfeel and flavors of raspberry, herbs and spice. On the finish, this doesn't offer anything different than what's on the palate.", 'A standard wine, with slight aromas of strawberries, flavors of plums, a somewhat sweet balance, mild tannins and soft finish. END
START HERE Rubbery plum, tomato and spice aromas are modest. This has a standard but healthy mouthfeel and flavors of raspberry, herbs and spice. On the finish, this doesn't offer anything different than what's on the palate.", 'A standard wine, with slight aromas of strawberries, flavors of plums, a somewhat sweet balance, mild tannins and soft finish.', 'Definitely sweet, this soft, red fruit flavored rosé has enough crispness to stop it being cloying. It is fruity and ready to drink. END
START HERE A standard wine, with slight aromas of strawberries, flavors of plums, a somewhat sweet balance, mild tannins and soft finish.', 'Definitely sweet, this soft, red fruit flavored rosé has enough crispness to stop it being cloying. It is fruity and ready to drink.', "This is like a photocopy of a photocopy of a good Pinor Noir. All the parts are identifiable, from the raspberries and persimmons to the toasty oak and vanilla. It's just all a little thinned down and blurry. Drink now with salmon cakes, burgers, brown rice and tofu. END
START HERE Definitely sweet, this soft, red fruit flavored rosé has enough crispness to stop it being cloying. It is fruity and ready to drink.', "This is like a photocopy of a photocopy of a good Pinor Noir. All the parts are identifiable, from the raspberries and persimmons to the toasty oak and vanilla. It's just all a little thinned down and blurry. Drink now with salmon cakes, burgers, brown rice and tofu.", 'Barrel toast and smoky gunpowder scents give this wine a savory edginess before revealing medium-bodied layers of baked blackberry and cherry. END
START HERE This is like a photocopy of a photocopy of a good Pinor Noir. All the parts are identifiable, from the raspberries and persimmons to the toasty oak and vanilla. It's just all a little thinned down and blurry. Drink now with salmon cakes, burgers, brown rice and tofu.", 'Barrel toast and smoky gunpowder scents give this wine a savory edginess before revealing medium-bodied layers of baked blackberry and cherry.', "Simple and tasting of vanilla toffee, this Chardonnay, value-priced for sure, has a finish that's puckeringly sweet. END
START HERE Barrel toast and smoky gunpowder scents give this wine a savory edginess before revealing medium-bodied layers of baked blackberry and cherry.', "Simple and tasting of vanilla toffee, this Chardonnay, value-priced for sure, has a finish that's puckeringly sweet.", 'A soft, lightly herbaceous style, with good green apple and white currant flavors. Crisp, light, refreshing, drink this year. END
START HERE Simple and tasting of vanilla toffee, this Chardonnay, value-priced for sure, has a finish that's puckeringly sweet.", 'A soft, lightly herbaceous style, with good green apple and white currant flavors. Crisp, light, refreshing, drink this year.', 'Stalky, burnt aromas are hardly the welcome mat one is looking for. In the mouth, this is sweet and soft, with a syrupy mouthfeel and candied flavors of berry fruits that come across fake in nature. This is 100% manipulated in style. END
START HERE A soft, lightly herbaceous style, with good green apple and white currant flavors. Crisp, light, refreshing, drink this year.', 'Stalky, burnt aromas are hardly the welcome mat one is looking for. In the mouth, this is sweet and soft, with a syrupy mouthfeel and candied flavors of berry fruits that come across fake in nature. This is 100% manipulated in style.', 'All of the new Epica wines from San Pedro seem highly manufactured and sweet. This blend is stalky and murky smelling, then heavy and cloying in the mouth, with sugar-meets-herbal flavors that finish hot and syrupy. END
START HERE Stalky, burnt aromas are hardly the welcome mat one is looking for. In the mouth, this is sweet and soft, with a syrupy mouthfeel and candied flavors of berry fruits that come across fake in nature. This is 100% manipulated in style.', 'All of the new Epica wines from San Pedro seem highly manufactured and sweet. This blend is stalky and murky smelling, then heavy and cloying in the mouth, with sugar-meets-herbal flavors that finish hot and syrupy.', 'A very basic Cabernet Sauvignon, very low in alcohol, with a harshness on the finish. END
START HERE All of the new Epica wines from San Pedro seem highly manufactured and sweet. This blend is stalky and murky smelling, then heavy and cloying in the mouth, with sugar-meets-herbal flavors that finish hot and syrupy.', 'A very basic Cabernet Sauvignon, very low in alcohol, with a harshness on the finish.', 'This bargain-priced wine is oaky and bland, with a smell of menthol. END
START HERE A very basic Cabernet Sauvignon, very low in alcohol, with a harshness on the finish.', 'This bargain-priced wine is oaky and bland, with a smell of menthol.', "This pretty rosso has typical fragrances of dark fruit and spice. The palate shows ripe plum and cherry layered with cinnamon notes. It's fresh and ready to enjoy now, and would pair well with pasta dishes or grilled chicken. END
START HERE This bargain-priced wine is oaky and bland, with a smell of menthol.', "This pretty rosso has typical fragrances of dark fruit and spice. The palate shows ripe plum and cherry layered with cinnamon notes. It's fresh and ready to enjoy now, and would pair well with pasta dishes or grilled chicken.", 'Earthy cherry and cassis aromas are backed by bacon and generic gritty scents. This Maule Malbec feels chunky, while salty plum and oaky flavors finish with notes of hickory, savory meat and controlled heat. END
START HERE This pretty rosso has typical fragrances of dark fruit and spice. The palate shows ripe plum and cherry layered with cinnamon notes. It's fresh and ready to enjoy now, and would pair well with pasta dishes or grilled chicken.", 'Earthy cherry and cassis aromas are backed by bacon and generic gritty scents. This Maule Malbec feels chunky, while salty plum and oaky flavors finish with notes of hickory, savory meat and controlled heat.', "The price is affordable, but this isn't a very satisfying wine. Despite fruity flavors, it's rough and bubble-gummy. END
START HERE Earthy cherry and cassis aromas are backed by bacon and generic gritty scents. This Maule Malbec feels chunky, while salty plum and oaky flavors finish with notes of hickory, savory meat and controlled heat.', "The price is affordable, but this isn't a very satisfying wine. Despite fruity flavors, it's rough and bubble-gummy.", "Gritty rubbery aromas are slightly acrid, like asphalt. This is standard in feel, with generic berry flavors. Herbal spice and mild heat control the finish. Beyond that, there's not much to say about this simple Cab. END
START HERE The price is affordable, but this isn't a very satisfying wine. Despite fruity flavors, it's rough and bubble-gummy.", "Gritty rubbery aromas are slightly acrid, like asphalt. This is standard in feel, with generic berry flavors. Herbal spice and mild heat control the finish. Beyond that, there's not much to say about this simple Cab.", 'Lightly vegetal aromas suggest asparagus. This feels round and chunky but not lazy or flabby. Flavors of citrus and citrus peel include bitter notes, while this tastes outright pithy on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Gritty rubbery aromas are slightly acrid, like asphalt. This is standard in feel, with generic berry flavors. Herbal spice and mild heat control the finish. Beyond that, there's not much to say about this simple Cab.", 'Lightly vegetal aromas suggest asparagus. This feels round and chunky but not lazy or flabby. Flavors of citrus and citrus peel include bitter notes, while this tastes outright pithy on the finish. Drink now.', 'A dry, brittle mouthfeel and watery flavors of raspberries combine to make this wine rustic. It gets the basic Pinot Noir concept of silky smoothness and acidity across well enough, but not much else. END
START HERE Lightly vegetal aromas suggest asparagus. This feels round and chunky but not lazy or flabby. Flavors of citrus and citrus peel include bitter notes, while this tastes outright pithy on the finish. Drink now.', 'A dry, brittle mouthfeel and watery flavors of raspberries combine to make this wine rustic. It gets the basic Pinot Noir concept of silky smoothness and acidity across well enough, but not much else.', "With a ruby color and loud aromas of berry fruits, vanilla and graphite, this value Syrah pumps up the volume with plenty of berry fruit, mild buttery oak, herbal hints and wiry acidity. This is more generic than “varietal,” and it's juicy, bright and clean. END
START HERE A dry, brittle mouthfeel and watery flavors of raspberries combine to make this wine rustic. It gets the basic Pinot Noir concept of silky smoothness and acidity across well enough, but not much else.', "With a ruby color and loud aromas of berry fruits, vanilla and graphite, this value Syrah pumps up the volume with plenty of berry fruit, mild buttery oak, herbal hints and wiry acidity. This is more generic than “varietal,” and it's juicy, bright and clean.", 'Made with 60% Merlot, 30% Sangiovese and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with subdued aromas suggesting black-skinned fruit and cooking spice. The lean, simple palate offers suggestions of plum and a hint of clove alongside easygoing tannins. Drink soon. END
START HERE With a ruby color and loud aromas of berry fruits, vanilla and graphite, this value Syrah pumps up the volume with plenty of berry fruit, mild buttery oak, herbal hints and wiry acidity. This is more generic than “varietal,” and it's juicy, bright and clean.", 'Made with 60% Merlot, 30% Sangiovese and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with subdued aromas suggesting black-skinned fruit and cooking spice. The lean, simple palate offers suggestions of plum and a hint of clove alongside easygoing tannins. Drink soon.', "This wine has a hardness to it that's only partly offset by a touch of residual sugar. The yellow plum and citrus fruit is tart and ungenerous, marked by a slight prickle on the tongue and a lingering mineral finish. END
START HERE Made with 60% Merlot, 30% Sangiovese and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with subdued aromas suggesting black-skinned fruit and cooking spice. The lean, simple palate offers suggestions of plum and a hint of clove alongside easygoing tannins. Drink soon.', "This wine has a hardness to it that's only partly offset by a touch of residual sugar. The yellow plum and citrus fruit is tart and ungenerous, marked by a slight prickle on the tongue and a lingering mineral finish.", 'All barrel fermented; about half went through malolactic. This is a very light, green appley wine, with firm acids and clean, lightly cinnamon-spiced fruit. END
START HERE This wine has a hardness to it that's only partly offset by a touch of residual sugar. The yellow plum and citrus fruit is tart and ungenerous, marked by a slight prickle on the tongue and a lingering mineral finish.", 'All barrel fermented; about half went through malolactic. This is a very light, green appley wine, with firm acids and clean, lightly cinnamon-spiced fruit.', 'The citrusy red-fruit aromas have a sharp note of brine. It feels broad and full, with sweet berry and plum flavors, while snappy raspberry flavors and scratchy tannins work the finish. END
START HERE All barrel fermented; about half went through malolactic. This is a very light, green appley wine, with firm acids and clean, lightly cinnamon-spiced fruit.', 'The citrusy red-fruit aromas have a sharp note of brine. It feels broad and full, with sweet berry and plum flavors, while snappy raspberry flavors and scratchy tannins work the finish.', 'A basic Merlot, this shows brisk, candied cherry, raspberry and brown sugar flavors. END
START HERE The citrusy red-fruit aromas have a sharp note of brine. It feels broad and full, with sweet berry and plum flavors, while snappy raspberry flavors and scratchy tannins work the finish.', 'A basic Merlot, this shows brisk, candied cherry, raspberry and brown sugar flavors.', 'An earthy, toasty and traditional nose leads on this easy-drinking Chardonnay. Balanced fruit and toast offer clean, food-friendly flavors. Pair with tuna, oysters, baked sole. END
START HERE A basic Merlot, this shows brisk, candied cherry, raspberry and brown sugar flavors.', 'An earthy, toasty and traditional nose leads on this easy-drinking Chardonnay. Balanced fruit and toast offer clean, food-friendly flavors. Pair with tuna, oysters, baked sole.', 'The nose is spicy and enticing, with highlights of pineapple and grapefruit. On the palate, the fruit is tart but nicely balanced, with defining acidity and a finishing pat of butter. END
START HERE An earthy, toasty and traditional nose leads on this easy-drinking Chardonnay. Balanced fruit and toast offer clean, food-friendly flavors. Pair with tuna, oysters, baked sole.', 'The nose is spicy and enticing, with highlights of pineapple and grapefruit. On the palate, the fruit is tart but nicely balanced, with defining acidity and a finishing pat of butter.', 'Immediate aromas of chalk and peach waft up from the glass, followed by flavors of green lime and asparagus in the round mouth. The finish is a little heavy, but the flavors are nice and it should be a nice companion to summery soups and grilled vegetables. END
START HERE The nose is spicy and enticing, with highlights of pineapple and grapefruit. On the palate, the fruit is tart but nicely balanced, with defining acidity and a finishing pat of butter.', 'Immediate aromas of chalk and peach waft up from the glass, followed by flavors of green lime and asparagus in the round mouth. The finish is a little heavy, but the flavors are nice and it should be a nice companion to summery soups and grilled vegetables.', 'Citrus, red plum and currant aromas are wild and gamy. This has an edgy mouthfeel with a rubbery sensation, while citrus and candied red-berry flavors hum along. END
START HERE Immediate aromas of chalk and peach waft up from the glass, followed by flavors of green lime and asparagus in the round mouth. The finish is a little heavy, but the flavors are nice and it should be a nice companion to summery soups and grilled vegetables.', 'Citrus, red plum and currant aromas are wild and gamy. This has an edgy mouthfeel with a rubbery sensation, while citrus and candied red-berry flavors hum along.', "This starts off with bell pepper aromas and hints of espresso, oak, vanilla, plum and soy sauce. It's direct and straightforward, with an international profile and easy personality. END
START HERE Citrus, red plum and currant aromas are wild and gamy. This has an edgy mouthfeel with a rubbery sensation, while citrus and candied red-berry flavors hum along.', "This starts off with bell pepper aromas and hints of espresso, oak, vanilla, plum and soy sauce. It's direct and straightforward, with an international profile and easy personality.", 'Touches of crushed purple violets add depth and interest to the brambly black berry and raspberry core of this lush wine. Hints of menthol and charred oak dance in the background, with flavors of cherry skin and blackberry taking centerstage on the solidly structured palate. END
START HERE This starts off with bell pepper aromas and hints of espresso, oak, vanilla, plum and soy sauce. It's direct and straightforward, with an international profile and easy personality.", 'Touches of crushed purple violets add depth and interest to the brambly black berry and raspberry core of this lush wine. Hints of menthol and charred oak dance in the background, with flavors of cherry skin and blackberry taking centerstage on the solidly structured palate.', 'Berry aromas are jammy and sweet smelling. This feels chunky and bit out of shape. Herbal boysenberry flavors come with a green core, while mint, spice, heat and herbal flavors carry the finish. END
START HERE Touches of crushed purple violets add depth and interest to the brambly black berry and raspberry core of this lush wine. Hints of menthol and charred oak dance in the background, with flavors of cherry skin and blackberry taking centerstage on the solidly structured palate.', 'Berry aromas are jammy and sweet smelling. This feels chunky and bit out of shape. Herbal boysenberry flavors come with a green core, while mint, spice, heat and herbal flavors carry the finish.', 'Spunky, piquant red-berry aromas contain elements of horsehide and grass. This feels mostly full and juicy, with good structure. Herbal, oaky plum and berry flavors end with a touch of oak spice and a lingering herbal, green component. END
START HERE Berry aromas are jammy and sweet smelling. This feels chunky and bit out of shape. Herbal boysenberry flavors come with a green core, while mint, spice, heat and herbal flavors carry the finish.', 'Spunky, piquant red-berry aromas contain elements of horsehide and grass. This feels mostly full and juicy, with good structure. Herbal, oaky plum and berry flavors end with a touch of oak spice and a lingering herbal, green component.', 'This is a young wine and tastes like a Beaujolais. Spicy, grapey and showing an almost spritzy lightness; it has good, clean fruit with a lively, tangy, spicy mouthfeel. Best Buy. —P.G. END
START HERE Spunky, piquant red-berry aromas contain elements of horsehide and grass. This feels mostly full and juicy, with good structure. Herbal, oaky plum and berry flavors end with a touch of oak spice and a lingering herbal, green component.', 'This is a young wine and tastes like a Beaujolais. Spicy, grapey and showing an almost spritzy lightness; it has good, clean fruit with a lively, tangy, spicy mouthfeel. Best Buy. —P.G.', "Shows plenty of weight on the palate, but also an overall lack of intensity to its slightly vegetal—green pea—flavors. Still, there's enough passion fruit and grapefruit to provide a sense of balance and a crisp, clean finish. END
START HERE This is a young wine and tastes like a Beaujolais. Spicy, grapey and showing an almost spritzy lightness; it has good, clean fruit with a lively, tangy, spicy mouthfeel. Best Buy. —P.G.', "Shows plenty of weight on the palate, but also an overall lack of intensity to its slightly vegetal—green pea—flavors. Still, there's enough passion fruit and grapefruit to provide a sense of balance and a crisp, clean finish.", "This wine is still coming out of its shell, with lightly reduced aromas of mandarin orange, fresh flowers, and citrus. It drinks bone dry, with silky-feeling fruit flavors providing intrigue but not entirely delivering. The aromas and flavors don't seem to match up. END
START HERE Shows plenty of weight on the palate, but also an overall lack of intensity to its slightly vegetal—green pea—flavors. Still, there's enough passion fruit and grapefruit to provide a sense of balance and a crisp, clean finish.", "This wine is still coming out of its shell, with lightly reduced aromas of mandarin orange, fresh flowers, and citrus. It drinks bone dry, with silky-feeling fruit flavors providing intrigue but not entirely delivering. The aromas and flavors don't seem to match up.", 'There are some toasty, Graham cracker highlights in the nose, leading into a full, round wine with lemon verbena accents. Fruity, soft and broad, with apple and melon. END
START HERE This wine is still coming out of its shell, with lightly reduced aromas of mandarin orange, fresh flowers, and citrus. It drinks bone dry, with silky-feeling fruit flavors providing intrigue but not entirely delivering. The aromas and flavors don't seem to match up.", 'There are some toasty, Graham cracker highlights in the nose, leading into a full, round wine with lemon verbena accents. Fruity, soft and broad, with apple and melon.', 'Pointy cherry, tomato and horsey aromas announce a fresh, raw palate. Bright, peppery red plum and citrus flavors finish lean, dry and grating. END
START HERE There are some toasty, Graham cracker highlights in the nose, leading into a full, round wine with lemon verbena accents. Fruity, soft and broad, with apple and melon.', 'Pointy cherry, tomato and horsey aromas announce a fresh, raw palate. Bright, peppery red plum and citrus flavors finish lean, dry and grating.', 'Believed to be a clone of Grenache, Cannonau is Sardinia’s workhorse grape, accounting for 20% of the island’s total production. This version is a pleasant everyday wine; the light ruby color belies the inviting cherry-and-earth flavor package and the 13.5% alcohol. END
START HERE Pointy cherry, tomato and horsey aromas announce a fresh, raw palate. Bright, peppery red plum and citrus flavors finish lean, dry and grating.', 'Believed to be a clone of Grenache, Cannonau is Sardinia’s workhorse grape, accounting for 20% of the island’s total production. This version is a pleasant everyday wine; the light ruby color belies the inviting cherry-and-earth flavor package and the 13.5% alcohol.', 'Bramble notes mingle alongside fresh lemon and pear in this off-dry Riesling, lending a savory, earthy tone throughout. Bright citrus flavors lead a brisk, clean finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Believed to be a clone of Grenache, Cannonau is Sardinia’s workhorse grape, accounting for 20% of the island’s total production. This version is a pleasant everyday wine; the light ruby color belies the inviting cherry-and-earth flavor package and the 13.5% alcohol.', 'Bramble notes mingle alongside fresh lemon and pear in this off-dry Riesling, lending a savory, earthy tone throughout. Bright citrus flavors lead a brisk, clean finish. Drink now.', "This is a clean, refreshing rosé from the generally higher altitudes of Luberon. In the modern, cold-fermented style, it's a bit confectionary in fruity esters—somewhat reminiscent of bubble gum or cotton candy—yet dry on the finish. END
START HERE Bramble notes mingle alongside fresh lemon and pear in this off-dry Riesling, lending a savory, earthy tone throughout. Bright citrus flavors lead a brisk, clean finish. Drink now.', "This is a clean, refreshing rosé from the generally higher altitudes of Luberon. In the modern, cold-fermented style, it's a bit confectionary in fruity esters—somewhat reminiscent of bubble gum or cotton candy—yet dry on the finish.", 'Herbal, leathery aromas are horsey and sharp. This feels rugged and choppy, then tastes baked and herbal, like a mix of stewed fruits, oregano, cured meat and pepper. A grassy, herbal finish does little to bring it around. END
START HERE This is a clean, refreshing rosé from the generally higher altitudes of Luberon. In the modern, cold-fermented style, it's a bit confectionary in fruity esters—somewhat reminiscent of bubble gum or cotton candy—yet dry on the finish.", 'Herbal, leathery aromas are horsey and sharp. This feels rugged and choppy, then tastes baked and herbal, like a mix of stewed fruits, oregano, cured meat and pepper. A grassy, herbal finish does little to bring it around.', "Firm and rubbery, with neutral berry aromas. The palate is medium in depth and length, with cherry and red apple skin flavors. There's also some creamy oak and vanilla on the finish, which adds a sweet character to the final sequence. END
START HERE Herbal, leathery aromas are horsey and sharp. This feels rugged and choppy, then tastes baked and herbal, like a mix of stewed fruits, oregano, cured meat and pepper. A grassy, herbal finish does little to bring it around.', "Firm and rubbery, with neutral berry aromas. The palate is medium in depth and length, with cherry and red apple skin flavors. There's also some creamy oak and vanilla on the finish, which adds a sweet character to the final sequence.", "The faintest hint of red berry marks this wine's nose. Its palate, on the other hand, brims with zesty citrus. It's very light but also refreshing and dry, with enlivening spritz and citrus flavors. END
START HERE Firm and rubbery, with neutral berry aromas. The palate is medium in depth and length, with cherry and red apple skin flavors. There's also some creamy oak and vanilla on the finish, which adds a sweet character to the final sequence.", "The faintest hint of red berry marks this wine's nose. Its palate, on the other hand, brims with zesty citrus. It's very light but also refreshing and dry, with enlivening spritz and citrus flavors.", "A simple, racy wine that's not designed to blow anyone away. The raspberry and cherry aromas are perfectly fine. Ditto the palate, which displays tangy cherry flavors, a touch of mocha and some wayward acidity. Good for current casual consumption. Imported by Racke USA. END
START HERE The faintest hint of red berry marks this wine's nose. Its palate, on the other hand, brims with zesty citrus. It's very light but also refreshing and dry, with enlivening spritz and citrus flavors.", "A simple, racy wine that's not designed to blow anyone away. The raspberry and cherry aromas are perfectly fine. Ditto the palate, which displays tangy cherry flavors, a touch of mocha and some wayward acidity. Good for current casual consumption. Imported by Racke USA.", 'Good red wine in a light, herbaceous style. Tastes fresh and clean as if it was made with good quality standards. Lacks much Cabernet character, however, but adds sufficient cherry and berry flavors to make it complete. END
START HERE A simple, racy wine that's not designed to blow anyone away. The raspberry and cherry aromas are perfectly fine. Ditto the palate, which displays tangy cherry flavors, a touch of mocha and some wayward acidity. Good for current casual consumption. Imported by Racke USA.", 'Good red wine in a light, herbaceous style. Tastes fresh and clean as if it was made with good quality standards. Lacks much Cabernet character, however, but adds sufficient cherry and berry flavors to make it complete.', 'The wine is spicy and with toasty wood flavors. It has acidity and red fruits that are still developing. As the wood becomes better integrated, it will become rich and fruity. END
START HERE Good red wine in a light, herbaceous style. Tastes fresh and clean as if it was made with good quality standards. Lacks much Cabernet character, however, but adds sufficient cherry and berry flavors to make it complete.', 'The wine is spicy and with toasty wood flavors. It has acidity and red fruits that are still developing. As the wood becomes better integrated, it will become rich and fruity.', 'Thin going here, with citrusy flavors and big, fresh Monterey acids. Seems to have some oak in it. Finishes dry and tart. END
START HERE The wine is spicy and with toasty wood flavors. It has acidity and red fruits that are still developing. As the wood becomes better integrated, it will become rich and fruity.', 'Thin going here, with citrusy flavors and big, fresh Monterey acids. Seems to have some oak in it. Finishes dry and tart.', 'An attractive oaky theme runs through this medium-bodied and appropriately tannic wine. It smells like toasted bread, cinnamon and vanilla, and tastes both fruity and full of oak spices. END
START HERE Thin going here, with citrusy flavors and big, fresh Monterey acids. Seems to have some oak in it. Finishes dry and tart.', 'An attractive oaky theme runs through this medium-bodied and appropriately tannic wine. It smells like toasted bread, cinnamon and vanilla, and tastes both fruity and full of oak spices.', 'Spicy, peppery, herbal aromas are meaty, a bit leafy and blackened. Prickly, lively acidity creates tension and tightness on the palate, while blackened plum and berry flavors end dry, dark and toasty. END
START HERE An attractive oaky theme runs through this medium-bodied and appropriately tannic wine. It smells like toasted bread, cinnamon and vanilla, and tastes both fruity and full of oak spices.', 'Spicy, peppery, herbal aromas are meaty, a bit leafy and blackened. Prickly, lively acidity creates tension and tightness on the palate, while blackened plum and berry flavors end dry, dark and toasty.', 'Tough and gritty, this Zinfandel-based blend has brusque tannins and sweet berry, black pepper and cola flavors. Drink this lusty wine with everyday fare. END
START HERE Spicy, peppery, herbal aromas are meaty, a bit leafy and blackened. Prickly, lively acidity creates tension and tightness on the palate, while blackened plum and berry flavors end dry, dark and toasty.', 'Tough and gritty, this Zinfandel-based blend has brusque tannins and sweet berry, black pepper and cola flavors. Drink this lusty wine with everyday fare.', 'An easy and bright selection, this offers direct aromas and flavors of red currant, underripe strawberry and a touch of banana. The palate is light, with low-intensity flavors and a short, clean finish. END
START HERE Tough and gritty, this Zinfandel-based blend has brusque tannins and sweet berry, black pepper and cola flavors. Drink this lusty wine with everyday fare.', 'An easy and bright selection, this offers direct aromas and flavors of red currant, underripe strawberry and a touch of banana. The palate is light, with low-intensity flavors and a short, clean finish.', "Delicate floral and honeydew aromas entice on this easy-drinking, everyday kabinett. Sweet, with stonefruit flavor and a bright, lemony acidity, it's straightforward, with just a hint of dusty mineral character. END
START HERE An easy and bright selection, this offers direct aromas and flavors of red currant, underripe strawberry and a touch of banana. The palate is light, with low-intensity flavors and a short, clean finish.', "Delicate floral and honeydew aromas entice on this easy-drinking, everyday kabinett. Sweet, with stonefruit flavor and a bright, lemony acidity, it's straightforward, with just a hint of dusty mineral character.", 'Soundly made, straightforward Washington Chardonnay, with chunky, forward, green-apple fruit married to some butterscotchy oak. Full malolactic fermentation brings the fruit forward and keeps the acids low. END
START HERE Delicate floral and honeydew aromas entice on this easy-drinking, everyday kabinett. Sweet, with stonefruit flavor and a bright, lemony acidity, it's straightforward, with just a hint of dusty mineral character.", 'Soundly made, straightforward Washington Chardonnay, with chunky, forward, green-apple fruit married to some butterscotchy oak. Full malolactic fermentation brings the fruit forward and keeps the acids low.', "Woodsy, savory, plummy aromas and rather light cherry and black-tea flavors give this wine complexity. It's medium bodied, easy to drink and enjoy, especially at such a reasonable price. END
START HERE Soundly made, straightforward Washington Chardonnay, with chunky, forward, green-apple fruit married to some butterscotchy oak. Full malolactic fermentation brings the fruit forward and keeps the acids low.', "Woodsy, savory, plummy aromas and rather light cherry and black-tea flavors give this wine complexity. It's medium bodied, easy to drink and enjoy, especially at such a reasonable price.", 'This Merlot is heavy, soft and ripe with candied cherry and chocolate flavors sprinkled with cinnamon and nutmeg. END
START HERE Woodsy, savory, plummy aromas and rather light cherry and black-tea flavors give this wine complexity. It's medium bodied, easy to drink and enjoy, especially at such a reasonable price.", 'This Merlot is heavy, soft and ripe with candied cherry and chocolate flavors sprinkled with cinnamon and nutmeg.', 'A light earthy, toasted aroma and mostly savory rather than outright fruity flavors mark this medium-bodied, dry wine. The texture is smooth and rich enough to complete a good picture. END
START HERE This Merlot is heavy, soft and ripe with candied cherry and chocolate flavors sprinkled with cinnamon and nutmeg.', 'A light earthy, toasted aroma and mostly savory rather than outright fruity flavors mark this medium-bodied, dry wine. The texture is smooth and rich enough to complete a good picture.', 'Pinched on the nose but solid in terms of aromas: blackberry, cassis and a touch of oak come together well. The palate is just big enough to hint at richness, while plum and berry flavors are good despite being a touch briney. Toast and mint come up on the finish. END
START HERE A light earthy, toasted aroma and mostly savory rather than outright fruity flavors mark this medium-bodied, dry wine. The texture is smooth and rich enough to complete a good picture.', 'Pinched on the nose but solid in terms of aromas: blackberry, cassis and a touch of oak come together well. The palate is just big enough to hint at richness, while plum and berry flavors are good despite being a touch briney. Toast and mint come up on the finish.', 'Aromas of blackberry and prune are earthy, warm and cheesy. This feels heavy and syrupy but not out of whack. Roasted, blackened flavors of grapy berry fruits finish with mint, clove and peppery notes. END
START HERE Pinched on the nose but solid in terms of aromas: blackberry, cassis and a touch of oak come together well. The palate is just big enough to hint at richness, while plum and berry flavors are good despite being a touch briney. Toast and mint come up on the finish.', 'Aromas of blackberry and prune are earthy, warm and cheesy. This feels heavy and syrupy but not out of whack. Roasted, blackened flavors of grapy berry fruits finish with mint, clove and peppery notes.', "A light-golden Chardonnay that does its county proud. It's lively and bright, with medium weight and flavors of sweet lemon custard, apple, and a lime-zest-dominated finish. This is a very good wine at a very fair price that should pair with an assortment of dinner fare. END
START HERE Aromas of blackberry and prune are earthy, warm and cheesy. This feels heavy and syrupy but not out of whack. Roasted, blackened flavors of grapy berry fruits finish with mint, clove and peppery notes.', "A light-golden Chardonnay that does its county proud. It's lively and bright, with medium weight and flavors of sweet lemon custard, apple, and a lime-zest-dominated finish. This is a very good wine at a very fair price that should pair with an assortment of dinner fare.", 'This soft, creamy wine is fruity, with attractive herbal and gooseberry flavors. It is light, crisp and ready to be drunk. END
START HERE A light-golden Chardonnay that does its county proud. It's lively and bright, with medium weight and flavors of sweet lemon custard, apple, and a lime-zest-dominated finish. This is a very good wine at a very fair price that should pair with an assortment of dinner fare.", 'This soft, creamy wine is fruity, with attractive herbal and gooseberry flavors. It is light, crisp and ready to be drunk.', "Surprise! This is a legitimate, true to the variety Pinot Noir from southerly Bío Bío Valley. The wine has dryness and balance, a little wood, and pure aromas and flavors of raspberry, cherry ice tea and chocolate. It's lively and streamlined on the palate, so it will work with food. A definite winner in an emerging category that is Chilean Pinot. END
START HERE This soft, creamy wine is fruity, with attractive herbal and gooseberry flavors. It is light, crisp and ready to be drunk.', "Surprise! This is a legitimate, true to the variety Pinot Noir from southerly Bío Bío Valley. The wine has dryness and balance, a little wood, and pure aromas and flavors of raspberry, cherry ice tea and chocolate. It's lively and streamlined on the palate, so it will work with food. A definite winner in an emerging category that is Chilean Pinot.", 'Plum and cherry aromas are good but undistinguished. The palate is a bit rubbery in feel, while the flavor profile is fruity but nonspecific. The finish offers citrus and red-fruit notes, but nothing beyond that. END
START HERE Surprise! This is a legitimate, true to the variety Pinot Noir from southerly Bío Bío Valley. The wine has dryness and balance, a little wood, and pure aromas and flavors of raspberry, cherry ice tea and chocolate. It's lively and streamlined on the palate, so it will work with food. A definite winner in an emerging category that is Chilean Pinot.", 'Plum and cherry aromas are good but undistinguished. The palate is a bit rubbery in feel, while the flavor profile is fruity but nonspecific. The finish offers citrus and red-fruit notes, but nothing beyond that.', 'Soft white cherry and strawberry are hit with a pink floral accent on the nose of this easy, breezy rosé. Lightweight and refreshing, the finish is clean and bright in white berry flavor. Drink now. END
START HERE Plum and cherry aromas are good but undistinguished. The palate is a bit rubbery in feel, while the flavor profile is fruity but nonspecific. The finish offers citrus and red-fruit notes, but nothing beyond that.', 'Soft white cherry and strawberry are hit with a pink floral accent on the nose of this easy, breezy rosé. Lightweight and refreshing, the finish is clean and bright in white berry flavor. Drink now.', 'Pretty good for the price, with ripe cherry, raspberry and oak flavors. Fine for burgers, pasta with sausages or pork buns. The blend is Cabernet, Merlot and Petite Sirah. END
START HERE Soft white cherry and strawberry are hit with a pink floral accent on the nose of this easy, breezy rosé. Lightweight and refreshing, the finish is clean and bright in white berry flavor. Drink now.', 'Pretty good for the price, with ripe cherry, raspberry and oak flavors. Fine for burgers, pasta with sausages or pork buns. The blend is Cabernet, Merlot and Petite Sirah.', "This wine offers notes of sugared plum, herbs and tire rubber. It's lighter in style with plump, slightly sweet blackberry and cherry flavors with a wash of tannins. END
START HERE Pretty good for the price, with ripe cherry, raspberry and oak flavors. Fine for burgers, pasta with sausages or pork buns. The blend is Cabernet, Merlot and Petite Sirah.', "This wine offers notes of sugared plum, herbs and tire rubber. It's lighter in style with plump, slightly sweet blackberry and cherry flavors with a wash of tannins.", 'Earthy and dried-herb aromas are followed by thin herbaceous flavors like celery and cucumber in this light-bodied wine. The texture is soft and watery. END
START HERE This wine offers notes of sugared plum, herbs and tire rubber. It's lighter in style with plump, slightly sweet blackberry and cherry flavors with a wash of tannins.", 'Earthy and dried-herb aromas are followed by thin herbaceous flavors like celery and cucumber in this light-bodied wine. The texture is soft and watery.', 'One of the best inexpensive Pinot Noirs on the market, which is quite an achievement considering that most at this price are awful. The wine is dry and silky, with pleasant flavors of cola, cherries and spice. END
START HERE Earthy and dried-herb aromas are followed by thin herbaceous flavors like celery and cucumber in this light-bodied wine. The texture is soft and watery.', 'One of the best inexpensive Pinot Noirs on the market, which is quite an achievement considering that most at this price are awful. The wine is dry and silky, with pleasant flavors of cola, cherries and spice.', "Starts off with scents of black cherry, mocha and a touch of tomato, which intensifies on the palate, picking up a roasted or grilled nuance. It's medium-bodied, silky in texture and pleasantly dry on the finish. END
START HERE One of the best inexpensive Pinot Noirs on the market, which is quite an achievement considering that most at this price are awful. The wine is dry and silky, with pleasant flavors of cola, cherries and spice.', "Starts off with scents of black cherry, mocha and a touch of tomato, which intensifies on the palate, picking up a roasted or grilled nuance. It's medium-bodied, silky in texture and pleasantly dry on the finish.", 'Citrus and tropical-fruit aromas show snap in front of a racy palate. White pepper and grassy notes work the finish on this easygoing Sauvignon Blanc. END
START HERE Starts off with scents of black cherry, mocha and a touch of tomato, which intensifies on the palate, picking up a roasted or grilled nuance. It's medium-bodied, silky in texture and pleasantly dry on the finish.", 'Citrus and tropical-fruit aromas show snap in front of a racy palate. White pepper and grassy notes work the finish on this easygoing Sauvignon Blanc.', 'This has sweet-tasting flavors of blueberry jam, milk chocolate and raspberry-cinnamon granola, wrapped into smooth, soft tannins. END
START HERE Citrus and tropical-fruit aromas show snap in front of a racy palate. White pepper and grassy notes work the finish on this easygoing Sauvignon Blanc.', 'This has sweet-tasting flavors of blueberry jam, milk chocolate and raspberry-cinnamon granola, wrapped into smooth, soft tannins.', "Attractively priced, the Sydney Chardonnay from Nine Stones features fresh, citrusy flavors of tangerine and grapefruit, backed by the merest hints of toast and vanilla. It's medium in weight, finishing crisp and with surprising length. END
START HERE This has sweet-tasting flavors of blueberry jam, milk chocolate and raspberry-cinnamon granola, wrapped into smooth, soft tannins.', "Attractively priced, the Sydney Chardonnay from Nine Stones features fresh, citrusy flavors of tangerine and grapefruit, backed by the merest hints of toast and vanilla. It's medium in weight, finishing crisp and with surprising length.", 'Tropical and a bit briney on the nose. The palate is healthy in feel, with sweet white fruit flavors, a pinch of lemon and creamy oak. Finishes quick, with a nice feel and adequate acidity; will do best if well chilled. END
START HERE Attractively priced, the Sydney Chardonnay from Nine Stones features fresh, citrusy flavors of tangerine and grapefruit, backed by the merest hints of toast and vanilla. It's medium in weight, finishing crisp and with surprising length.", 'Tropical and a bit briney on the nose. The palate is healthy in feel, with sweet white fruit flavors, a pinch of lemon and creamy oak. Finishes quick, with a nice feel and adequate acidity; will do best if well chilled.', 'Bashful, mild aromas of herbal berry fruits and mint are followed by a full, round and solid feeling palate. Flavors of blackberry, cassis and blueberry register as fairly ripe and dark, while the finish displays toasty notes, spice flavors and mild heat. This is a step up from good and basic. END
START HERE Tropical and a bit briney on the nose. The palate is healthy in feel, with sweet white fruit flavors, a pinch of lemon and creamy oak. Finishes quick, with a nice feel and adequate acidity; will do best if well chilled.', 'Bashful, mild aromas of herbal berry fruits and mint are followed by a full, round and solid feeling palate. Flavors of blackberry, cassis and blueberry register as fairly ripe and dark, while the finish displays toasty notes, spice flavors and mild heat. This is a step up from good and basic.', "There's a richness to the bouquet of this rosé, with fruit-forward aromas of ripe red cherry and plum. The palate offers a pleasant seam of acidity, lifting the slightly creamy mouthfeel. It finishes fresh, with lingering hints of citrus rind and tart cherry. Drink now. END
START HERE Bashful, mild aromas of herbal berry fruits and mint are followed by a full, round and solid feeling palate. Flavors of blackberry, cassis and blueberry register as fairly ripe and dark, while the finish displays toasty notes, spice flavors and mild heat. This is a step up from good and basic.', "There's a richness to the bouquet of this rosé, with fruit-forward aromas of ripe red cherry and plum. The palate offers a pleasant seam of acidity, lifting the slightly creamy mouthfeel. It finishes fresh, with lingering hints of citrus rind and tart cherry. Drink now.", 'Grassy, lightly vegetal aromas of briny gooseberry and asparagus come in front of a citric palate. Flavors of citrus fruits, green bean and asparagus finish crisp but green, with scouring acidity. END
START HERE There's a richness to the bouquet of this rosé, with fruit-forward aromas of ripe red cherry and plum. The palate offers a pleasant seam of acidity, lifting the slightly creamy mouthfeel. It finishes fresh, with lingering hints of citrus rind and tart cherry. Drink now.", 'Grassy, lightly vegetal aromas of briny gooseberry and asparagus come in front of a citric palate. Flavors of citrus fruits, green bean and asparagus finish crisp but green, with scouring acidity.', 'This light-colored and light-bodied wine combines an earthy, metallic aroma with mildly fruity, candied flavors. Its texture is mild and smooth. END
START HERE Grassy, lightly vegetal aromas of briny gooseberry and asparagus come in front of a citric palate. Flavors of citrus fruits, green bean and asparagus finish crisp but green, with scouring acidity.', 'This light-colored and light-bodied wine combines an earthy, metallic aroma with mildly fruity, candied flavors. Its texture is mild and smooth.', 'Fresh red-cherry and strawberry flavors are vibrant on this dry, mouth-quenching Romanian rosé. It is elegantly structured, with a splash of lemon-lime acidity and a hint of herbaceous green on the finish. END
START HERE This light-colored and light-bodied wine combines an earthy, metallic aroma with mildly fruity, candied flavors. Its texture is mild and smooth.', 'Fresh red-cherry and strawberry flavors are vibrant on this dry, mouth-quenching Romanian rosé. It is elegantly structured, with a splash of lemon-lime acidity and a hint of herbaceous green on the finish.', "The sweetness gauge on the back label indicates this as medium dry, and at 3.2% residual sugar, there is more than a hint of sweetness. It's all in fine balance, full flavored, fruity and round. A mix of peaches, apricots and Mandarin oranges makes this an interesting Riesling with some complexity. END
START HERE Fresh red-cherry and strawberry flavors are vibrant on this dry, mouth-quenching Romanian rosé. It is elegantly structured, with a splash of lemon-lime acidity and a hint of herbaceous green on the finish.', "The sweetness gauge on the back label indicates this as medium dry, and at 3.2% residual sugar, there is more than a hint of sweetness. It's all in fine balance, full flavored, fruity and round. A mix of peaches, apricots and Mandarin oranges makes this an interesting Riesling with some complexity.", 'This pretty white start with aromas of fragrant flowers, spice and vanilla, leading into creamy layers of citrus and fruit. A richer style of Chardonnay, but balanced with acidity and minerals. Pair with steak, lamb, richer seafood dishes. END
START HERE The sweetness gauge on the back label indicates this as medium dry, and at 3.2% residual sugar, there is more than a hint of sweetness. It's all in fine balance, full flavored, fruity and round. A mix of peaches, apricots and Mandarin oranges makes this an interesting Riesling with some complexity.", 'This pretty white start with aromas of fragrant flowers, spice and vanilla, leading into creamy layers of citrus and fruit. A richer style of Chardonnay, but balanced with acidity and minerals. Pair with steak, lamb, richer seafood dishes.', 'A pale, simply fruity rosé, with scents of citrus and crushed vitamins. This is light to medium in body and only moderately intense in its flavors, hinting at berries, orangey citrus and chocolate on the finish. END
START HERE This pretty white start with aromas of fragrant flowers, spice and vanilla, leading into creamy layers of citrus and fruit. A richer style of Chardonnay, but balanced with acidity and minerals. Pair with steak, lamb, richer seafood dishes.', 'A pale, simply fruity rosé, with scents of citrus and crushed vitamins. This is light to medium in body and only moderately intense in its flavors, hinting at berries, orangey citrus and chocolate on the finish.', 'This is a perfectly good and honest wine, with aromas of fresh lettuce yet not a whole lot of vivid fruit. So in that sense, it is like many SBs from cool-climate Limarí. But if the nose is shy, the palate offers nice, cheerful apple and melon flavors. Smooth enough and almost round, withno edgy acidity or overt zap. END
START HERE A pale, simply fruity rosé, with scents of citrus and crushed vitamins. This is light to medium in body and only moderately intense in its flavors, hinting at berries, orangey citrus and chocolate on the finish.', 'This is a perfectly good and honest wine, with aromas of fresh lettuce yet not a whole lot of vivid fruit. So in that sense, it is like many SBs from cool-climate Limarí. But if the nose is shy, the palate offers nice, cheerful apple and melon flavors. Smooth enough and almost round, withno edgy acidity or overt zap.', 'Rubbery, roasted berry aromas show on the nose. An astringent, tannic palate shows medicinal flavors of red plum and berry fruits along with savory notes and a shot of clove. The finish brings a salty and oaky note. END
START HERE This is a perfectly good and honest wine, with aromas of fresh lettuce yet not a whole lot of vivid fruit. So in that sense, it is like many SBs from cool-climate Limarí. But if the nose is shy, the palate offers nice, cheerful apple and melon flavors. Smooth enough and almost round, withno edgy acidity or overt zap.', 'Rubbery, roasted berry aromas show on the nose. An astringent, tannic palate shows medicinal flavors of red plum and berry fruits along with savory notes and a shot of clove. The finish brings a salty and oaky note.', "This is a robust Sauvignon Blanc that announces itself with aromas of grass, spice and straw, leading into a combination of fresh fruit and earthy spice flavors. A great balance of acid, fruit and spice means it's assertive, but still poised. A fun wine with lots of character. END
START HERE Rubbery, roasted berry aromas show on the nose. An astringent, tannic palate shows medicinal flavors of red plum and berry fruits along with savory notes and a shot of clove. The finish brings a salty and oaky note.', "This is a robust Sauvignon Blanc that announces itself with aromas of grass, spice and straw, leading into a combination of fresh fruit and earthy spice flavors. A great balance of acid, fruit and spice means it's assertive, but still poised. A fun wine with lots of character.", "Here's a frail red that offers weak sensations of sour cherry and strawberry alongside zesty acidity and fleeting, gritty tannins. It's short and dilute. END
START HERE This is a robust Sauvignon Blanc that announces itself with aromas of grass, spice and straw, leading into a combination of fresh fruit and earthy spice flavors. A great balance of acid, fruit and spice means it's assertive, but still poised. A fun wine with lots of character.", "Here's a frail red that offers weak sensations of sour cherry and strawberry alongside zesty acidity and fleeting, gritty tannins. It's short and dilute.", 'Resiny oak aromas drown out peanut brittle and apple notes. This is acidic and briny in the mouth, with a cidery complex. Oak and sour apple flavors finish chunky, woody and briny. END
START HERE Here's a frail red that offers weak sensations of sour cherry and strawberry alongside zesty acidity and fleeting, gritty tannins. It's short and dilute.", 'Resiny oak aromas drown out peanut brittle and apple notes. This is acidic and briny in the mouth, with a cidery complex. Oak and sour apple flavors finish chunky, woody and briny.', "Gracia de Chile is doing some good value varietals. This SB is one of them; it's peachy and citrusy on the nose, with melon and grapefruit flavors in wait. The palate has just enough weight and zest to be called balanced, and the finish lingers. Nice wine for by-the-glass. END
START HERE Resiny oak aromas drown out peanut brittle and apple notes. This is acidic and briny in the mouth, with a cidery complex. Oak and sour apple flavors finish chunky, woody and briny.', "Gracia de Chile is doing some good value varietals. This SB is one of them; it's peachy and citrusy on the nose, with melon and grapefruit flavors in wait. The palate has just enough weight and zest to be called balanced, and the finish lingers. Nice wine for by-the-glass.", 'Warm, slightly leathery and earthy on the nose, with a hint of cheese. Feels full, nice and solid, with decent depth. Flavors of black fruits and pastry are friendly, while the finish is pleasant. Delivers all it can for the price. END
START HERE Gracia de Chile is doing some good value varietals. This SB is one of them; it's peachy and citrusy on the nose, with melon and grapefruit flavors in wait. The palate has just enough weight and zest to be called balanced, and the finish lingers. Nice wine for by-the-glass.", 'Warm, slightly leathery and earthy on the nose, with a hint of cheese. Feels full, nice and solid, with decent depth. Flavors of black fruits and pastry are friendly, while the finish is pleasant. Delivers all it can for the price.', 'Floral soap, plum and red-berry aromas bring a pinch of spice to the nose. This is lively and a bit of a grinder on the palate, with zingy acidity and some grit. Plum, berry and ripe tomato flavors finish short and simple. END
START HERE Warm, slightly leathery and earthy on the nose, with a hint of cheese. Feels full, nice and solid, with decent depth. Flavors of black fruits and pastry are friendly, while the finish is pleasant. Delivers all it can for the price.', 'Floral soap, plum and red-berry aromas bring a pinch of spice to the nose. This is lively and a bit of a grinder on the palate, with zingy acidity and some grit. Plum, berry and ripe tomato flavors finish short and simple.', "Wine geeks like to poke fun at Yellow Tail, but there's a lot to like about this offering. It's full-fruited, with plenty of grapy cassis, chocolate and tobacco aromas and flavors, complemented by a thick, velvety texture. Drink now. END
START HERE Floral soap, plum and red-berry aromas bring a pinch of spice to the nose. This is lively and a bit of a grinder on the palate, with zingy acidity and some grit. Plum, berry and ripe tomato flavors finish short and simple.', "Wine geeks like to poke fun at Yellow Tail, but there's a lot to like about this offering. It's full-fruited, with plenty of grapy cassis, chocolate and tobacco aromas and flavors, complemented by a thick, velvety texture. Drink now.", 'Briny berry aromas turn dull and flat with airing. This is hollow and weak on the palate, with sour berry flavors and an acidic finish akin to tart fruit juice. END
START HERE Wine geeks like to poke fun at Yellow Tail, but there's a lot to like about this offering. It's full-fruited, with plenty of grapy cassis, chocolate and tobacco aromas and flavors, complemented by a thick, velvety texture. Drink now.", 'Briny berry aromas turn dull and flat with airing. This is hollow and weak on the palate, with sour berry flavors and an acidic finish akin to tart fruit juice.', 'An inexpensive Merlot packed in sweet vanilla and smoky oak that has 5% 2008 Dolcetto, 3% 2010 Syrah and 3% 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon. END
START HERE Briny berry aromas turn dull and flat with airing. This is hollow and weak on the palate, with sour berry flavors and an acidic finish akin to tart fruit juice.', 'An inexpensive Merlot packed in sweet vanilla and smoky oak that has 5% 2008 Dolcetto, 3% 2010 Syrah and 3% 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon.', 'Lightly off dry, this graceful and beautifully balanced wine blends in about 7% Gewürztraminer, elevating the aromatics. Key lime, pink grapefruit and a touch of lemon zest are in play, with a finish that recalls a sip of English breakfast tea. END
START HERE An inexpensive Merlot packed in sweet vanilla and smoky oak that has 5% 2008 Dolcetto, 3% 2010 Syrah and 3% 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon.', 'Lightly off dry, this graceful and beautifully balanced wine blends in about 7% Gewürztraminer, elevating the aromatics. Key lime, pink grapefruit and a touch of lemon zest are in play, with a finish that recalls a sip of English breakfast tea.', 'This is attractive, fruity and lightly balanced wine. It has great wild-strawberry flavors that are laced with just the right amount of acidity. The finish is tight and crisp. END
START HERE Lightly off dry, this graceful and beautifully balanced wine blends in about 7% Gewürztraminer, elevating the aromatics. Key lime, pink grapefruit and a touch of lemon zest are in play, with a finish that recalls a sip of English breakfast tea.', 'This is attractive, fruity and lightly balanced wine. It has great wild-strawberry flavors that are laced with just the right amount of acidity. The finish is tight and crisp.', 'Light peach aromas mix with a hint of sea breeze to give this wine a subtle approach. The palate is more alive, with mild citrus and lemon-lime flavors. Almost seems like a refreshing sip of lemonade by the time it fades away. END
START HERE This is attractive, fruity and lightly balanced wine. It has great wild-strawberry flavors that are laced with just the right amount of acidity. The finish is tight and crisp.', 'Light peach aromas mix with a hint of sea breeze to give this wine a subtle approach. The palate is more alive, with mild citrus and lemon-lime flavors. Almost seems like a refreshing sip of lemonade by the time it fades away.', 'Light pink in color, this is a pretty wine made from 100% Grolleau. It is soft, medium sweet with integrated acidity that comes from the fresh raspberries. It is ready to drink. END
START HERE Light peach aromas mix with a hint of sea breeze to give this wine a subtle approach. The palate is more alive, with mild citrus and lemon-lime flavors. Almost seems like a refreshing sip of lemonade by the time it fades away.', 'Light pink in color, this is a pretty wine made from 100% Grolleau. It is soft, medium sweet with integrated acidity that comes from the fresh raspberries. It is ready to drink.', 'Earthy plum and raspberry aromas are probing and raw. This feels acidic to the point of cutting. Sour, salty, herbal red-fruit flavors are gritty and rough on the finish. This is Salta Cabernet in its most raw, least appealing form. END
START HERE Light pink in color, this is a pretty wine made from 100% Grolleau. It is soft, medium sweet with integrated acidity that comes from the fresh raspberries. It is ready to drink.', 'Earthy plum and raspberry aromas are probing and raw. This feels acidic to the point of cutting. Sour, salty, herbal red-fruit flavors are gritty and rough on the finish. This is Salta Cabernet in its most raw, least appealing form.', "This light, fresh and crisp wine presents cut-grass aromas and citrus flavors. It's a fragrant, bright wine ready for immediate drinking. END
START HERE Earthy plum and raspberry aromas are probing and raw. This feels acidic to the point of cutting. Sour, salty, herbal red-fruit flavors are gritty and rough on the finish. This is Salta Cabernet in its most raw, least appealing form.', "This light, fresh and crisp wine presents cut-grass aromas and citrus flavors. It's a fragrant, bright wine ready for immediate drinking.", "There's a sweet center to the bouquet, but surrounding it are more complex notes of mushroom, rubber and roast meat. The palate features ripe, clean blackberry and cassis flavors, while the finish shows piercing tannins. Shows some weight and tannic build-up at this point; drink now and into '09. END
START HERE This light, fresh and crisp wine presents cut-grass aromas and citrus flavors. It's a fragrant, bright wine ready for immediate drinking.", "There's a sweet center to the bouquet, but surrounding it are more complex notes of mushroom, rubber and roast meat. The palate features ripe, clean blackberry and cassis flavors, while the finish shows piercing tannins. Shows some weight and tannic build-up at this point; drink now and into '09.", 'This candy-pink-colored wine offers candy-pink-colored flavors. It conveys caramel as much as fruit, although with acidity and a tangy aftertaste. END
START HERE There's a sweet center to the bouquet, but surrounding it are more complex notes of mushroom, rubber and roast meat. The palate features ripe, clean blackberry and cassis flavors, while the finish shows piercing tannins. Shows some weight and tannic build-up at this point; drink now and into '09.", 'This candy-pink-colored wine offers candy-pink-colored flavors. It conveys caramel as much as fruit, although with acidity and a tangy aftertaste.', 'Strongly oaked, but fresh, young and healthy in the nose. The smell of coconut and lemon curd is friendly and soft, while the palate is loaded with more lemon, coconut, pear and nutmeg. The texture is rich, and, for now, the acidity is bright. A solid Chardonnay for current drinking. END
START HERE This candy-pink-colored wine offers candy-pink-colored flavors. It conveys caramel as much as fruit, although with acidity and a tangy aftertaste.', 'Strongly oaked, but fresh, young and healthy in the nose. The smell of coconut and lemon curd is friendly and soft, while the palate is loaded with more lemon, coconut, pear and nutmeg. The texture is rich, and, for now, the acidity is bright. A solid Chardonnay for current drinking.', 'This inexpensive Chardonnay has a fair amount of oaky depth to it, unexpectedly since only 5% of it was aged in American oak, the rest in stainless steel. Nonetheless it has toasty vanilla flavors and aromas of lime, apple and cantaloupe and tastes refreshing and clean. END
START HERE Strongly oaked, but fresh, young and healthy in the nose. The smell of coconut and lemon curd is friendly and soft, while the palate is loaded with more lemon, coconut, pear and nutmeg. The texture is rich, and, for now, the acidity is bright. A solid Chardonnay for current drinking.', 'This inexpensive Chardonnay has a fair amount of oaky depth to it, unexpectedly since only 5% of it was aged in American oak, the rest in stainless steel. Nonetheless it has toasty vanilla flavors and aromas of lime, apple and cantaloupe and tastes refreshing and clean.', "This is a lightly sweet wine with candy flavors and an attractive touch of acidity and an orange zest backdrop. It's ready to drink now either as an apéritif or with spicy food. END
START HERE This inexpensive Chardonnay has a fair amount of oaky depth to it, unexpectedly since only 5% of it was aged in American oak, the rest in stainless steel. Nonetheless it has toasty vanilla flavors and aromas of lime, apple and cantaloupe and tastes refreshing and clean.', "This is a lightly sweet wine with candy flavors and an attractive touch of acidity and an orange zest backdrop. It's ready to drink now either as an apéritif or with spicy food.", "The warmth of the vintage shows through on the fruit of this wine, which is chock-full of pineapple and other tropical aromas and flavors, sweetened by light barrel accents. It's a guaranteed crowd pleaser and a spot-on example of the variety. END
START HERE This is a lightly sweet wine with candy flavors and an attractive touch of acidity and an orange zest backdrop. It's ready to drink now either as an apéritif or with spicy food.", "The warmth of the vintage shows through on the fruit of this wine, which is chock-full of pineapple and other tropical aromas and flavors, sweetened by light barrel accents. It's a guaranteed crowd pleaser and a spot-on example of the variety.", "Mushy black fruit characteristics lead on the nose and mouth, and don't really subside until the slightly astringent finish takes hold. Medium weight with a firm structure; drink now. END
START HERE The warmth of the vintage shows through on the fruit of this wine, which is chock-full of pineapple and other tropical aromas and flavors, sweetened by light barrel accents. It's a guaranteed crowd pleaser and a spot-on example of the variety.", "Mushy black fruit characteristics lead on the nose and mouth, and don't really subside until the slightly astringent finish takes hold. Medium weight with a firm structure; drink now.", "Black currants and spice give this wine its main aromatic character. On the palate, it's light with a dry core that is still dominant. The wine is more about structure and will probably stay that way. END
START HERE Mushy black fruit characteristics lead on the nose and mouth, and don't really subside until the slightly astringent finish takes hold. Medium weight with a firm structure; drink now.", "Black currants and spice give this wine its main aromatic character. On the palate, it's light with a dry core that is still dominant. The wine is more about structure and will probably stay that way.", 'This wine leaves no doubt about the variety, with its freshly peeled orange and jasmine notes. The palate is sweet yet not cloying, with impeccable balance. For those looking for a well-priced sweet wine, look no further. END
START HERE Black currants and spice give this wine its main aromatic character. On the palate, it's light with a dry core that is still dominant. The wine is more about structure and will probably stay that way.", 'This wine leaves no doubt about the variety, with its freshly peeled orange and jasmine notes. The palate is sweet yet not cloying, with impeccable balance. For those looking for a well-priced sweet wine, look no further.', 'Mellow and floral on the nose, this turns loud and aggressive in the mouth. Candied lime and mango flavors finish rugged and screaming. END
START HERE This wine leaves no doubt about the variety, with its freshly peeled orange and jasmine notes. The palate is sweet yet not cloying, with impeccable balance. For those looking for a well-priced sweet wine, look no further.', 'Mellow and floral on the nose, this turns loud and aggressive in the mouth. Candied lime and mango flavors finish rugged and screaming.', "A fresh and textural wine, this puts a spicy spin on citrus rind, peach and apricot flavors. There's an intriguing hint of white pepper as well, and an overall sensation of density, intensity and exceptional length. END
START HERE Mellow and floral on the nose, this turns loud and aggressive in the mouth. Candied lime and mango flavors finish rugged and screaming.', "A fresh and textural wine, this puts a spicy spin on citrus rind, peach and apricot flavors. There's an intriguing hint of white pepper as well, and an overall sensation of density, intensity and exceptional length.", "Gets the Cabernet job done with sweetish blackberry and black currant flavors, tinged with oak-like notes. But it's a fundamentally uninteresting wine, even at this price. END
START HERE A fresh and textural wine, this puts a spicy spin on citrus rind, peach and apricot flavors. There's an intriguing hint of white pepper as well, and an overall sensation of density, intensity and exceptional length.", "Gets the Cabernet job done with sweetish blackberry and black currant flavors, tinged with oak-like notes. But it's a fundamentally uninteresting wine, even at this price.", 'The wine is earthy and somewhat rustic. There is fruit but it is spoiled by a spicy pepper edge. Chill this drastically. END
START HERE Gets the Cabernet job done with sweetish blackberry and black currant flavors, tinged with oak-like notes. But it's a fundamentally uninteresting wine, even at this price.", 'The wine is earthy and somewhat rustic. There is fruit but it is spoiled by a spicy pepper edge. Chill this drastically.', 'Apple and pear aromas set up a lively, somewhat chunky feeling palate. Flavors of green citrus fruits and brine finish similarly, with briny notes sitting side by side with citrus flavors. END
START HERE The wine is earthy and somewhat rustic. There is fruit but it is spoiled by a spicy pepper edge. Chill this drastically.', 'Apple and pear aromas set up a lively, somewhat chunky feeling palate. Flavors of green citrus fruits and brine finish similarly, with briny notes sitting side by side with citrus flavors.', 'Generic but pleasant berry aromas are a touch powdery and dusty. This feels medium to full in body. Dry spice notes are intermixed with generic berry flavors prior to a slightly oaky, lightly minty finish. END
START HERE Apple and pear aromas set up a lively, somewhat chunky feeling palate. Flavors of green citrus fruits and brine finish similarly, with briny notes sitting side by side with citrus flavors.', 'Generic but pleasant berry aromas are a touch powdery and dusty. This feels medium to full in body. Dry spice notes are intermixed with generic berry flavors prior to a slightly oaky, lightly minty finish.', 'A slight, sharp wine with hints of vinegar and bramble on the nose and then skinny cherry and cranberry flavors. Too much bite and acid and not nearly enough depth, richness or fun. END
START HERE Generic but pleasant berry aromas are a touch powdery and dusty. This feels medium to full in body. Dry spice notes are intermixed with generic berry flavors prior to a slightly oaky, lightly minty finish.', 'A slight, sharp wine with hints of vinegar and bramble on the nose and then skinny cherry and cranberry flavors. Too much bite and acid and not nearly enough depth, richness or fun.', 'Low intensity fruit and floral aromas are hidden in the bouquet, with minor suggestions of strawberry hull and crushed carnation to be found only upon deep nosing. Light and easy in the mouth with a short but clean finish. END
START HERE A slight, sharp wine with hints of vinegar and bramble on the nose and then skinny cherry and cranberry flavors. Too much bite and acid and not nearly enough depth, richness or fun.', 'Low intensity fruit and floral aromas are hidden in the bouquet, with minor suggestions of strawberry hull and crushed carnation to be found only upon deep nosing. Light and easy in the mouth with a short but clean finish.', "Spice, rose hips and raspberry make for an open and welcoming nose. The palate delivers generic berry flavors, size, tannins and spice. It finishes a little harsh, with pepper and burnt notes. But mostly it's a solid everyday Malbec. END
START HERE Low intensity fruit and floral aromas are hidden in the bouquet, with minor suggestions of strawberry hull and crushed carnation to be found only upon deep nosing. Light and easy in the mouth with a short but clean finish.', "Spice, rose hips and raspberry make for an open and welcoming nose. The palate delivers generic berry flavors, size, tannins and spice. It finishes a little harsh, with pepper and burnt notes. But mostly it's a solid everyday Malbec.", 'Basic apricot and peach aromas lead to melon, banana and pithy flavors. The palate is a little thick and mealy, while the finish has pretty good feel and length, but not much flavor. Slightly tropical and simple. END
START HERE Spice, rose hips and raspberry make for an open and welcoming nose. The palate delivers generic berry flavors, size, tannins and spice. It finishes a little harsh, with pepper and burnt notes. But mostly it's a solid everyday Malbec.", 'Basic apricot and peach aromas lead to melon, banana and pithy flavors. The palate is a little thick and mealy, while the finish has pretty good feel and length, but not much flavor. Slightly tropical and simple.', "Citrus and crushed stone notes start this wine off, followed by lemon sorbet on the palate. It's lightweight, a real summertime refresher, with a short, clean finish. END
START HERE Basic apricot and peach aromas lead to melon, banana and pithy flavors. The palate is a little thick and mealy, while the finish has pretty good feel and length, but not much flavor. Slightly tropical and simple.', "Citrus and crushed stone notes start this wine off, followed by lemon sorbet on the palate. It's lightweight, a real summertime refresher, with a short, clean finish.", 'Saucy plum and wet-dog aromas improve ever so slightly with airing. This feels creamy and sticky, while basic flavors of cherry and plum finish with herbal hints and sweet notes of vanilla and cream. END
START HERE Citrus and crushed stone notes start this wine off, followed by lemon sorbet on the palate. It's lightweight, a real summertime refresher, with a short, clean finish.", 'Saucy plum and wet-dog aromas improve ever so slightly with airing. This feels creamy and sticky, while basic flavors of cherry and plum finish with herbal hints and sweet notes of vanilla and cream.', 'Dark dense tarry aromas of blackberry and cassis are a touch stewy and flat. This feels wide and grabby, with grapy flavors of blackberry and plum. A jammy feeling finish with berry flavors has a dark and toasty side to it. END
START HERE Saucy plum and wet-dog aromas improve ever so slightly with airing. This feels creamy and sticky, while basic flavors of cherry and plum finish with herbal hints and sweet notes of vanilla and cream.', 'Dark dense tarry aromas of blackberry and cassis are a touch stewy and flat. This feels wide and grabby, with grapy flavors of blackberry and plum. A jammy feeling finish with berry flavors has a dark and toasty side to it.', "Slightly oily and lemony on the nose, but there's also some sauvage character along with berry aromas. The palate can be best described as “juicy,” which means the acidity is fairly high and the extract level not all that thick. And with red berry and plum flavors in front of a short finish, this one is ready to drink now. END
START HERE Dark dense tarry aromas of blackberry and cassis are a touch stewy and flat. This feels wide and grabby, with grapy flavors of blackberry and plum. A jammy feeling finish with berry flavors has a dark and toasty side to it.', "Slightly oily and lemony on the nose, but there's also some sauvage character along with berry aromas. The palate can be best described as “juicy,” which means the acidity is fairly high and the extract level not all that thick. And with red berry and plum flavors in front of a short finish, this one is ready to drink now.", "Earthy, leathery berry and mushroom aromas don't stir much interest. This feels tannic and heavy, while flavors of baked berry fruits and caramel finish hot and rugged. END
START HERE Slightly oily and lemony on the nose, but there's also some sauvage character along with berry aromas. The palate can be best described as “juicy,” which means the acidity is fairly high and the extract level not all that thick. And with red berry and plum flavors in front of a short finish, this one is ready to drink now.", "Earthy, leathery berry and mushroom aromas don't stir much interest. This feels tannic and heavy, while flavors of baked berry fruits and caramel finish hot and rugged.", 'This eclectic blend of Pinot Noir, Cabernet Sauvignon and Tannat along with Syrah, Malbec and Merlot is, in fact, a fresh, soft, caramel flavored wine. It has red fruits, light acidity and a smooth texture. It is ready to drink. END
START HERE Earthy, leathery berry and mushroom aromas don't stir much interest. This feels tannic and heavy, while flavors of baked berry fruits and caramel finish hot and rugged.", 'This eclectic blend of Pinot Noir, Cabernet Sauvignon and Tannat along with Syrah, Malbec and Merlot is, in fact, a fresh, soft, caramel flavored wine. It has red fruits, light acidity and a smooth texture. It is ready to drink.', 'Produced in the Entre-deux-Mers region, this light, fresh wine has young tannins and stalky black-currant flavors. It is crisp with lively acidity and a juicy aftertaste. Give it another few months and drink from late 2016. END
START HERE This eclectic blend of Pinot Noir, Cabernet Sauvignon and Tannat along with Syrah, Malbec and Merlot is, in fact, a fresh, soft, caramel flavored wine. It has red fruits, light acidity and a smooth texture. It is ready to drink.', 'Produced in the Entre-deux-Mers region, this light, fresh wine has young tannins and stalky black-currant flavors. It is crisp with lively acidity and a juicy aftertaste. Give it another few months and drink from late 2016.', 'Firmly structured, the wine is dry and with dark tannins. Its fruit is currently masked. Give it until late 2017. END
START HERE Produced in the Entre-deux-Mers region, this light, fresh wine has young tannins and stalky black-currant flavors. It is crisp with lively acidity and a juicy aftertaste. Give it another few months and drink from late 2016.', 'Firmly structured, the wine is dry and with dark tannins. Its fruit is currently masked. Give it until late 2017.', 'This smells and tastes like raspberry bubblegum, with a taste of white sugar. END
START HERE Firmly structured, the wine is dry and with dark tannins. Its fruit is currently masked. Give it until late 2017.', 'This smells and tastes like raspberry bubblegum, with a taste of white sugar.', 'This is a satin-smooth Merlot, nicely blended with 11% Syrah and a splash of Cabernet Sauvignon. Forward flavors, seamless, supple and flat out tasty, it weaves in threads of vanilla, cola and licorice around taut red fruits. END
START HERE This smells and tastes like raspberry bubblegum, with a taste of white sugar.', 'This is a satin-smooth Merlot, nicely blended with 11% Syrah and a splash of Cabernet Sauvignon. Forward flavors, seamless, supple and flat out tasty, it weaves in threads of vanilla, cola and licorice around taut red fruits.', "There's a harsh edge of acidic, green sharpness to this wine. It's bone dry, with very modest blackberry fruit. END
START HERE This is a satin-smooth Merlot, nicely blended with 11% Syrah and a splash of Cabernet Sauvignon. Forward flavors, seamless, supple and flat out tasty, it weaves in threads of vanilla, cola and licorice around taut red fruits.', "There's a harsh edge of acidic, green sharpness to this wine. It's bone dry, with very modest blackberry fruit.", "Smells plummy and ripe but tastes of bright cherries and shows a lean, claret-style mouthfeel. It's a little thin, but still manages to provide pleasure. Finishes with tasty mocha and toast shadings.  White Wine. END
START HERE There's a harsh edge of acidic, green sharpness to this wine. It's bone dry, with very modest blackberry fruit.", "Smells plummy and ripe but tastes of bright cherries and shows a lean, claret-style mouthfeel. It's a little thin, but still manages to provide pleasure. Finishes with tasty mocha and toast shadings.  White Wine", "We haven't seen much improvement in this wine since the 2003 vintage. It's still lacking forward, ripe fruit and instead shows more leather and drying, firm tannins. Shows glimpses of higher quality but can't support them. END
START HERE Smells plummy and ripe but tastes of bright cherries and shows a lean, claret-style mouthfeel. It's a little thin, but still manages to provide pleasure. Finishes with tasty mocha and toast shadings.  White Wine", "We haven't seen much improvement in this wine since the 2003 vintage. It's still lacking forward, ripe fruit and instead shows more leather and drying, firm tannins. Shows glimpses of higher quality but can't support them.", 'Berry and lemon-peel aromas come with a note of plastic. This feels narrow and acidic, and thus scraping. Tart plum and spice flavors lead to an herbal high-acid palate that leaves a sour lasting impression. END
START HERE We haven't seen much improvement in this wine since the 2003 vintage. It's still lacking forward, ripe fruit and instead shows more leather and drying, firm tannins. Shows glimpses of higher quality but can't support them.", 'Berry and lemon-peel aromas come with a note of plastic. This feels narrow and acidic, and thus scraping. Tart plum and spice flavors lead to an herbal high-acid palate that leaves a sour lasting impression.', 'Rich aromas of boysenberry, cranberry, pipe tobacco and dark chocolate prepare the palate for flavors of cherry syrup and pomegranate. Soft but persistent tannins are apparent in the mouth, and the finish offers lingering flavors of dark chocolate and coffee. END
START HERE Berry and lemon-peel aromas come with a note of plastic. This feels narrow and acidic, and thus scraping. Tart plum and spice flavors lead to an herbal high-acid palate that leaves a sour lasting impression.', 'Rich aromas of boysenberry, cranberry, pipe tobacco and dark chocolate prepare the palate for flavors of cherry syrup and pomegranate. Soft but persistent tannins are apparent in the mouth, and the finish offers lingering flavors of dark chocolate and coffee.', 'Made from 100% Castelâo, the local grape of Setúbal, this wine is attractively fruity, with a crisp texture. Warmer, ripe red-berry fruits contrast with the acidity, leaving a balanced wine that is ready to drink. END
START HERE Rich aromas of boysenberry, cranberry, pipe tobacco and dark chocolate prepare the palate for flavors of cherry syrup and pomegranate. Soft but persistent tannins are apparent in the mouth, and the finish offers lingering flavors of dark chocolate and coffee.', 'Made from 100% Castelâo, the local grape of Setúbal, this wine is attractively fruity, with a crisp texture. Warmer, ripe red-berry fruits contrast with the acidity, leaving a balanced wine that is ready to drink.', "Flashy aromas of toast and butter mingle with tropical fruit aromas and flavors. There's a touch of warmth on the nose, and the mouthfeel is round and fleshy. Drink now. END
START HERE Made from 100% Castelâo, the local grape of Setúbal, this wine is attractively fruity, with a crisp texture. Warmer, ripe red-berry fruits contrast with the acidity, leaving a balanced wine that is ready to drink.', "Flashy aromas of toast and butter mingle with tropical fruit aromas and flavors. There's a touch of warmth on the nose, and the mouthfeel is round and fleshy. Drink now.", "This is a straight-ahead, crisply  defined, well-ripened Chardonnay. Bright flavors of jicama and green apple are within a toasty frame. It's light and accessible, with good balance and flavor. END
START HERE Flashy aromas of toast and butter mingle with tropical fruit aromas and flavors. There's a touch of warmth on the nose, and the mouthfeel is round and fleshy. Drink now.", "This is a straight-ahead, crisply  defined, well-ripened Chardonnay. Bright flavors of jicama and green apple are within a toasty frame. It's light and accessible, with good balance and flavor.", 'This warm-climate Chard shows its origins in its ripe, sweet peach-nectar aromas, kissed with caramel and smoke. Weighty in the mouth—close to syrupy—then it finishes cleanly in a burst of tart, lime-like acidity. END
START HERE This is a straight-ahead, crisply  defined, well-ripened Chardonnay. Bright flavors of jicama and green apple are within a toasty frame. It's light and accessible, with good balance and flavor.", 'This warm-climate Chard shows its origins in its ripe, sweet peach-nectar aromas, kissed with caramel and smoke. Weighty in the mouth—close to syrupy—then it finishes cleanly in a burst of tart, lime-like acidity.', "Happily the fumé has been discarded and it's simply labeled Sauvignon Blanc, as it should be. The blend includes 6% Sémillon, the wine is finished with a screw cap, and the flavors are crisp and quite refreshing. Melon, grapefruit, a little snippet of pineapple and overall a mouth-cleaning liveliness make this an excellent wine for sipping or with lighter entrées. END
START HERE This warm-climate Chard shows its origins in its ripe, sweet peach-nectar aromas, kissed with caramel and smoke. Weighty in the mouth—close to syrupy—then it finishes cleanly in a burst of tart, lime-like acidity.', "Happily the fumé has been discarded and it's simply labeled Sauvignon Blanc, as it should be. The blend includes 6% Sémillon, the wine is finished with a screw cap, and the flavors are crisp and quite refreshing. Melon, grapefruit, a little snippet of pineapple and overall a mouth-cleaning liveliness make this an excellent wine for sipping or with lighter entrées.", 'Made with organic grapes and no added sulfites, this delightful blend of Merlot and Cabernet has aromas of spice and berry. The palate is fresh and bright, with red currant, blackberry and white pepper notes. Meant to be enjoyed young, this would be perfect with pasta topped with a simple tomato sauce. END
START HERE Happily the fumé has been discarded and it's simply labeled Sauvignon Blanc, as it should be. The blend includes 6% Sémillon, the wine is finished with a screw cap, and the flavors are crisp and quite refreshing. Melon, grapefruit, a little snippet of pineapple and overall a mouth-cleaning liveliness make this an excellent wine for sipping or with lighter entrées.", 'Made with organic grapes and no added sulfites, this delightful blend of Merlot and Cabernet has aromas of spice and berry. The palate is fresh and bright, with red currant, blackberry and white pepper notes. Meant to be enjoyed young, this would be perfect with pasta topped with a simple tomato sauce.', "McManis excels at making good wines at competitive prices and this is a prime example. It's smooth, easy-drinking Pinot Noir, with cherry-vanilla layers from start to finish. Pair with roast chicken, turkey meat loaf or simple burgers; a nice quaff at a nice price. END
START HERE Made with organic grapes and no added sulfites, this delightful blend of Merlot and Cabernet has aromas of spice and berry. The palate is fresh and bright, with red currant, blackberry and white pepper notes. Meant to be enjoyed young, this would be perfect with pasta topped with a simple tomato sauce.', "McManis excels at making good wines at competitive prices and this is a prime example. It's smooth, easy-drinking Pinot Noir, with cherry-vanilla layers from start to finish. Pair with roast chicken, turkey meat loaf or simple burgers; a nice quaff at a nice price.", 'Slightly oily, gritty aromas display some but not a lot of citrus essence. This is a tightly wound SB with briny lime and tart kiwi flavors. A fresh snappy finish tastes of high-acid citrus fruits. END
START HERE McManis excels at making good wines at competitive prices and this is a prime example. It's smooth, easy-drinking Pinot Noir, with cherry-vanilla layers from start to finish. Pair with roast chicken, turkey meat loaf or simple burgers; a nice quaff at a nice price.", 'Slightly oily, gritty aromas display some but not a lot of citrus essence. This is a tightly wound SB with briny lime and tart kiwi flavors. A fresh snappy finish tastes of high-acid citrus fruits.', "Made with Negroamaro and Malvasia Nera, this informal red opens with aromas of blue flower and wild berry. The simple palate offers juicy blackberry and Morello cherry alongside soft, fleeting tannins. It's made to be drunk young so enjoy soon. END
START HERE Slightly oily, gritty aromas display some but not a lot of citrus essence. This is a tightly wound SB with briny lime and tart kiwi flavors. A fresh snappy finish tastes of high-acid citrus fruits.', "Made with Negroamaro and Malvasia Nera, this informal red opens with aromas of blue flower and wild berry. The simple palate offers juicy blackberry and Morello cherry alongside soft, fleeting tannins. It's made to be drunk young so enjoy soon.", "Grassy tropical fruit and melon aromas lead to chalk and lemon-lime rind flavors on the palate. It's lean in the mouth, for the most part. Stony-mineral flavors and a nice jalapeño note bat cleanup. 3,000 cases produced. END
START HERE Made with Negroamaro and Malvasia Nera, this informal red opens with aromas of blue flower and wild berry. The simple palate offers juicy blackberry and Morello cherry alongside soft, fleeting tannins. It's made to be drunk young so enjoy soon.", "Grassy tropical fruit and melon aromas lead to chalk and lemon-lime rind flavors on the palate. It's lean in the mouth, for the most part. Stony-mineral flavors and a nice jalapeño note bat cleanup. 3,000 cases produced.", 'A blend of Tannat, Pinenc and Cabernet Sauvignon, this is a ripe, earthy wine. It has rich black fruits that show concentrated tannins while also promising a smoother ride in a few years. END
START HERE Grassy tropical fruit and melon aromas lead to chalk and lemon-lime rind flavors on the palate. It's lean in the mouth, for the most part. Stony-mineral flavors and a nice jalapeño note bat cleanup. 3,000 cases produced.", 'A blend of Tannat, Pinenc and Cabernet Sauvignon, this is a ripe, earthy wine. It has rich black fruits that show concentrated tannins while also promising a smoother ride in a few years.', 'This light but firm style of Pinot shows spicy, slightly herbal and oaky aromas. The palate is fresh and fruit-forward, with a medium body and enough concentration to create a lingering finish. END
START HERE A blend of Tannat, Pinenc and Cabernet Sauvignon, this is a ripe, earthy wine. It has rich black fruits that show concentrated tannins while also promising a smoother ride in a few years.', 'This light but firm style of Pinot shows spicy, slightly herbal and oaky aromas. The palate is fresh and fruit-forward, with a medium body and enough concentration to create a lingering finish.', 'Off-dry, with pineapple, lime, lemon, grapefruit and vanilla flavors, fortunately balanced with crisp acidity. A decent, clean and affordable white wine for cocktails. END
START HERE This light but firm style of Pinot shows spicy, slightly herbal and oaky aromas. The palate is fresh and fruit-forward, with a medium body and enough concentration to create a lingering finish.', 'Off-dry, with pineapple, lime, lemon, grapefruit and vanilla flavors, fortunately balanced with crisp acidity. A decent, clean and affordable white wine for cocktails.', 'Hard cherry and spice aromas are varietally correct, while the palate is standard in feel, with toasty, creamy flavors of sweet berry. Has enough acidity and vibrancy to rank as juicy on the finish. END
START HERE Off-dry, with pineapple, lime, lemon, grapefruit and vanilla flavors, fortunately balanced with crisp acidity. A decent, clean and affordable white wine for cocktails.', 'Hard cherry and spice aromas are varietally correct, while the palate is standard in feel, with toasty, creamy flavors of sweet berry. Has enough acidity and vibrancy to rank as juicy on the finish.', 'The rubbery plum aromas are sweet and medicinal, and the palate feels creamy, thick and chewy. This tastes sweet and lightly herbal, with baking spice and jammy black-fruit flavors and a mild green element. The finish is a touch chunky. END
START HERE Hard cherry and spice aromas are varietally correct, while the palate is standard in feel, with toasty, creamy flavors of sweet berry. Has enough acidity and vibrancy to rank as juicy on the finish.', 'The rubbery plum aromas are sweet and medicinal, and the palate feels creamy, thick and chewy. This tastes sweet and lightly herbal, with baking spice and jammy black-fruit flavors and a mild green element. The finish is a touch chunky.', 'This is a light and very crisp wine. Acidity, gooseberry and pink grapefruit give a fruitiness without any complexity. The bright texture and simple aftertaste make it a wine to drink immediately. END
START HERE The rubbery plum aromas are sweet and medicinal, and the palate feels creamy, thick and chewy. This tastes sweet and lightly herbal, with baking spice and jammy black-fruit flavors and a mild green element. The finish is a touch chunky.', 'This is a light and very crisp wine. Acidity, gooseberry and pink grapefruit give a fruitiness without any complexity. The bright texture and simple aftertaste make it a wine to drink immediately.', "Ripe in blackberries and cherries, this affordable Cabernet has an edge of toasty oak. It's an easy wine to drink now, at a good price. END
START HERE This is a light and very crisp wine. Acidity, gooseberry and pink grapefruit give a fruitiness without any complexity. The bright texture and simple aftertaste make it a wine to drink immediately.', "Ripe in blackberries and cherries, this affordable Cabernet has an edge of toasty oak. It's an easy wine to drink now, at a good price.", 'Citto is an informal Tuscan red made with organically-farmed fruit that opens with bright cherry, blueberry, light spice and leather. This is a very likable wine with bright fruit freshness and all the easy qualities needed to pair next to a heaping plate of fettuccine and meat sauce. END
START HERE Ripe in blackberries and cherries, this affordable Cabernet has an edge of toasty oak. It's an easy wine to drink now, at a good price.", 'Citto is an informal Tuscan red made with organically-farmed fruit that opens with bright cherry, blueberry, light spice and leather. This is a very likable wine with bright fruit freshness and all the easy qualities needed to pair next to a heaping plate of fettuccine and meat sauce.', "This is fairly sweet but not as sweet as you'd expect given its 7% residual sugar. Credit the vivid acidity built in to Washington Riesling grapes (though labeled American, the grapes are all Washington). It's got plenty of mixed fruits and as the back label suggests, it's a good choice to pair with spicy Asian foods. END
START HERE Citto is an informal Tuscan red made with organically-farmed fruit that opens with bright cherry, blueberry, light spice and leather. This is a very likable wine with bright fruit freshness and all the easy qualities needed to pair next to a heaping plate of fettuccine and meat sauce.', "This is fairly sweet but not as sweet as you'd expect given its 7% residual sugar. Credit the vivid acidity built in to Washington Riesling grapes (though labeled American, the grapes are all Washington). It's got plenty of mixed fruits and as the back label suggests, it's a good choice to pair with spicy Asian foods.", 'Pale gold in color. Dominant resiny aromas. Slightly funky with notes of honey, earthy mushroom and ripe stone fruit. Broad on the palate with similar earthy flavors prevailing, warm  with some spice and creaminess. Fairly rich texture, but lacking freshness and a shortish finish. END
START HERE This is fairly sweet but not as sweet as you'd expect given its 7% residual sugar. Credit the vivid acidity built in to Washington Riesling grapes (though labeled American, the grapes are all Washington). It's got plenty of mixed fruits and as the back label suggests, it's a good choice to pair with spicy Asian foods.", 'Pale gold in color. Dominant resiny aromas. Slightly funky with notes of honey, earthy mushroom and ripe stone fruit. Broad on the palate with similar earthy flavors prevailing, warm  with some spice and creaminess. Fairly rich texture, but lacking freshness and a shortish finish.', 'Already brick around the rim, this wine seems to be prematurely fading. Flavors are of dried fruits with a healthy streak of vanilla. END
START HERE Pale gold in color. Dominant resiny aromas. Slightly funky with notes of honey, earthy mushroom and ripe stone fruit. Broad on the palate with similar earthy flavors prevailing, warm  with some spice and creaminess. Fairly rich texture, but lacking freshness and a shortish finish.', 'Already brick around the rim, this wine seems to be prematurely fading. Flavors are of dried fruits with a healthy streak of vanilla.', 'Citrus, tropical notes and a bit of skunky funk define the nose on this unoaked Chard. The palate is slightly metallic in feel, while the flavors suggest canned peaches and nectarine. END
START HERE Already brick around the rim, this wine seems to be prematurely fading. Flavors are of dried fruits with a healthy streak of vanilla.', 'Citrus, tropical notes and a bit of skunky funk define the nose on this unoaked Chard. The palate is slightly metallic in feel, while the flavors suggest canned peaches and nectarine.', "This is a pale, light-bodied rosé with aromas and flavors reminiscent of underripe peach and melon. It's clean, dry and even a bit austere on the finish, making it a fine apéritif. END
START HERE Citrus, tropical notes and a bit of skunky funk define the nose on this unoaked Chard. The palate is slightly metallic in feel, while the flavors suggest canned peaches and nectarine.', "This is a pale, light-bodied rosé with aromas and flavors reminiscent of underripe peach and melon. It's clean, dry and even a bit austere on the finish, making it a fine apéritif.", 'This offers smoky, toasted oak and herb aromas, full candied cherry and plum flavors, low acidity and fairly firm tannins. END
START HERE This is a pale, light-bodied rosé with aromas and flavors reminiscent of underripe peach and melon. It's clean, dry and even a bit austere on the finish, making it a fine apéritif.", 'This offers smoky, toasted oak and herb aromas, full candied cherry and plum flavors, low acidity and fairly firm tannins.', "Applesauce and woody aromas don't offend but they aren't anything special or enticing. This feels chunky and fairly flat. Woody resiny flavors are low to empty on fruit, while this tastes yeasty on the finish. END
START HERE This offers smoky, toasted oak and herb aromas, full candied cherry and plum flavors, low acidity and fairly firm tannins.', "Applesauce and woody aromas don't offend but they aren't anything special or enticing. This feels chunky and fairly flat. Woody resiny flavors are low to empty on fruit, while this tastes yeasty on the finish.", "Green bell pepper and gooseberry notes dominate this Sauvignon Blanc, although it does have notes of honey and Meyer lemons. It's bright in acidity, and the finish is spicy and clean. For the price, it's a good value. END
START HERE Applesauce and woody aromas don't offend but they aren't anything special or enticing. This feels chunky and fairly flat. Woody resiny flavors are low to empty on fruit, while this tastes yeasty on the finish.", "Green bell pepper and gooseberry notes dominate this Sauvignon Blanc, although it does have notes of honey and Meyer lemons. It's bright in acidity, and the finish is spicy and clean. For the price, it's a good value.", "Very nicely done for a new brand that we haven't seen before. This is Chilean SB in fine form. It's a mix of green and ripe fruits both on the nose and palate. Aromas of gooseberry and mango are alluring, and in the mouth it bounces along on a wave of bracing acidity. Elegant and easier toprocess than Quintay's more pungent, angular and demanding Reserva. END
START HERE Green bell pepper and gooseberry notes dominate this Sauvignon Blanc, although it does have notes of honey and Meyer lemons. It's bright in acidity, and the finish is spicy and clean. For the price, it's a good value.", "Very nicely done for a new brand that we haven't seen before. This is Chilean SB in fine form. It's a mix of green and ripe fruits both on the nose and palate. Aromas of gooseberry and mango are alluring, and in the mouth it bounces along on a wave of bracing acidity. Elegant and easier toprocess than Quintay's more pungent, angular and demanding Reserva.", 'Green, soupy aromas of tomato are blatant and harsh. This is decent in terms of mouthfeel, but it reverts to herbaceous, leafy flavors of bell pepper and grass that finish with nothing but pyrazines. END
START HERE Very nicely done for a new brand that we haven't seen before. This is Chilean SB in fine form. It's a mix of green and ripe fruits both on the nose and palate. Aromas of gooseberry and mango are alluring, and in the mouth it bounces along on a wave of bracing acidity. Elegant and easier toprocess than Quintay's more pungent, angular and demanding Reserva.", 'Green, soupy aromas of tomato are blatant and harsh. This is decent in terms of mouthfeel, but it reverts to herbaceous, leafy flavors of bell pepper and grass that finish with nothing but pyrazines.', "Here's a simple but well made red from Tuscany that has floral aromas of violet and rose with berry notes. The palate offers bright cherry, red currant and a touch of spice. Pair this with pasta dishes or grilled vegetables. END
START HERE Green, soupy aromas of tomato are blatant and harsh. This is decent in terms of mouthfeel, but it reverts to herbaceous, leafy flavors of bell pepper and grass that finish with nothing but pyrazines.', "Here's a simple but well made red from Tuscany that has floral aromas of violet and rose with berry notes. The palate offers bright cherry, red currant and a touch of spice. Pair this with pasta dishes or grilled vegetables.", 'Herbal aromas infiltrate the nose, and the palate features midlevel red fruit with a strong herbal edge. The finish shows saline, chocolate and pepper, and never does it rise much above struggling. END
START HERE Here's a simple but well made red from Tuscany that has floral aromas of violet and rose with berry notes. The palate offers bright cherry, red currant and a touch of spice. Pair this with pasta dishes or grilled vegetables.", 'Herbal aromas infiltrate the nose, and the palate features midlevel red fruit with a strong herbal edge. The finish shows saline, chocolate and pepper, and never does it rise much above struggling.', 'This is good week-day Chardonnay with buttered toast, orange jam and vanilla flavors. The acidity gives it a clean, vibrant finish. END
START HERE Herbal aromas infiltrate the nose, and the palate features midlevel red fruit with a strong herbal edge. The finish shows saline, chocolate and pepper, and never does it rise much above struggling.', 'This is good week-day Chardonnay with buttered toast, orange jam and vanilla flavors. The acidity gives it a clean, vibrant finish.', 'Formerly doing business as “Shiraz,” this Syrah from Bisquertt offers a huge purple tint, roasted aromas of blackberry and campfire, and a ripe, grapey palate that brims with simple, racy black cherry, pepper and other driving flavors. Not timid by any means but also nothing out of the ordinary. END
START HERE This is good week-day Chardonnay with buttered toast, orange jam and vanilla flavors. The acidity gives it a clean, vibrant finish.', 'Formerly doing business as “Shiraz,” this Syrah from Bisquertt offers a huge purple tint, roasted aromas of blackberry and campfire, and a ripe, grapey palate that brims with simple, racy black cherry, pepper and other driving flavors. Not timid by any means but also nothing out of the ordinary.', 'Oaky accents like nutmeg and cinnamon stand out in the aroma, and continue in the flavors while concentrated cherry and berry flavors flood the tongue. This wine is bold, appropriately tannic, and piles on both wood and fruit flavors in profusion. It was aged in American oak for 14 months. END
START HERE Formerly doing business as “Shiraz,” this Syrah from Bisquertt offers a huge purple tint, roasted aromas of blackberry and campfire, and a ripe, grapey palate that brims with simple, racy black cherry, pepper and other driving flavors. Not timid by any means but also nothing out of the ordinary.', 'Oaky accents like nutmeg and cinnamon stand out in the aroma, and continue in the flavors while concentrated cherry and berry flavors flood the tongue. This wine is bold, appropriately tannic, and piles on both wood and fruit flavors in profusion. It was aged in American oak for 14 months.', "A little simple in citrus flavor, but for the price, a pretty nice wine. It's the kind of crisp, dry white I've had many times at gallery openings and such, inexpensive, but with enough panache to satisfy a picky crowd. END
START HERE Oaky accents like nutmeg and cinnamon stand out in the aroma, and continue in the flavors while concentrated cherry and berry flavors flood the tongue. This wine is bold, appropriately tannic, and piles on both wood and fruit flavors in profusion. It was aged in American oak for 14 months.', "A little simple in citrus flavor, but for the price, a pretty nice wine. It's the kind of crisp, dry white I've had many times at gallery openings and such, inexpensive, but with enough panache to satisfy a picky crowd.", 'A streak of sweet spices like vanilla and nutmeg dress up this nicely fruity and firm-textured wine. While the oakiness is a bit obvious, the wine does deliver ripe and tangy cherry and blackberry flavors that are delicious. END
START HERE A little simple in citrus flavor, but for the price, a pretty nice wine. It's the kind of crisp, dry white I've had many times at gallery openings and such, inexpensive, but with enough panache to satisfy a picky crowd.", 'A streak of sweet spices like vanilla and nutmeg dress up this nicely fruity and firm-textured wine. While the oakiness is a bit obvious, the wine does deliver ripe and tangy cherry and blackberry flavors that are delicious.', 'Lime and green melon aromas are a bit less than clean and pure, and the palate serves up a pile of jalapeño and bell pepper, with some lime in the background. Short on the finish, and kind of dilute. END
START HERE A streak of sweet spices like vanilla and nutmeg dress up this nicely fruity and firm-textured wine. While the oakiness is a bit obvious, the wine does deliver ripe and tangy cherry and blackberry flavors that are delicious.', 'Lime and green melon aromas are a bit less than clean and pure, and the palate serves up a pile of jalapeño and bell pepper, with some lime in the background. Short on the finish, and kind of dilute.', 'This wine has a smoky character and is full of spice as well as jammy fruits. An unusual Bordeaux blend of 53% Petit Verdot, 40% Merlot and 7% Cabernet Sauvignon, it is full, ripe and warm, with crushed strawberry flavors. Drink from 2016. END
START HERE Lime and green melon aromas are a bit less than clean and pure, and the palate serves up a pile of jalapeño and bell pepper, with some lime in the background. Short on the finish, and kind of dilute.', 'This wine has a smoky character and is full of spice as well as jammy fruits. An unusual Bordeaux blend of 53% Petit Verdot, 40% Merlot and 7% Cabernet Sauvignon, it is full, ripe and warm, with crushed strawberry flavors. Drink from 2016.', 'A clean, classic minerality leads on this unique and food-friendly Chardonnay. On the palate, fresh fruit flavors mingle with a touch of oak, and the finish offers both length and character. END
START HERE This wine has a smoky character and is full of spice as well as jammy fruits. An unusual Bordeaux blend of 53% Petit Verdot, 40% Merlot and 7% Cabernet Sauvignon, it is full, ripe and warm, with crushed strawberry flavors. Drink from 2016.', 'A clean, classic minerality leads on this unique and food-friendly Chardonnay. On the palate, fresh fruit flavors mingle with a touch of oak, and the finish offers both length and character.', 'Cherry and cassis aromas are earthy, with hints of green herbs and cheesy oak. This feels a bit raw and scratchy, but fresh. Red-fruit flavors of currant and plum finish with snappy acidity and clampy tannins. END
START HERE A clean, classic minerality leads on this unique and food-friendly Chardonnay. On the palate, fresh fruit flavors mingle with a touch of oak, and the finish offers both length and character.', 'Cherry and cassis aromas are earthy, with hints of green herbs and cheesy oak. This feels a bit raw and scratchy, but fresh. Red-fruit flavors of currant and plum finish with snappy acidity and clampy tannins.', "There's exotic spice here that plays a supporting role to prune, plum and mature blackberry. The wine (a blend of Montepulciano and Nero di Troia) is simple, but generous and intense at the same time. It feels smooth and succulent in the mouth. Pair it with grilled steak and French fries. END
START HERE Cherry and cassis aromas are earthy, with hints of green herbs and cheesy oak. This feels a bit raw and scratchy, but fresh. Red-fruit flavors of currant and plum finish with snappy acidity and clampy tannins.', "There's exotic spice here that plays a supporting role to prune, plum and mature blackberry. The wine (a blend of Montepulciano and Nero di Troia) is simple, but generous and intense at the same time. It feels smooth and succulent in the mouth. Pair it with grilled steak and French fries.", 'Tropical-fruit aromas are balanced by crisper apple and pear scents, while the palate is plump, round and easygoing. Flavors of pear, melon, green banana and wood spice end creamy but with adequate acidic cut. END
START HERE There's exotic spice here that plays a supporting role to prune, plum and mature blackberry. The wine (a blend of Montepulciano and Nero di Troia) is simple, but generous and intense at the same time. It feels smooth and succulent in the mouth. Pair it with grilled steak and French fries.", 'Tropical-fruit aromas are balanced by crisper apple and pear scents, while the palate is plump, round and easygoing. Flavors of pear, melon, green banana and wood spice end creamy but with adequate acidic cut.', 'This is a strawberry-pink-colored wine with candied flavors balanced by acidity. It is fruity, crisp and light in character. END
START HERE Tropical-fruit aromas are balanced by crisper apple and pear scents, while the palate is plump, round and easygoing. Flavors of pear, melon, green banana and wood spice end creamy but with adequate acidic cut.', 'This is a strawberry-pink-colored wine with candied flavors balanced by acidity. It is fruity, crisp and light in character.', 'Lean, racy aromas of green fruits and cactus pad announce a pinched, zingy, high-acid palate. Briny, lightly green citrus flavors finish tight and chalky, with raw acidity that you can feel on your teeth and gums. END
START HERE This is a strawberry-pink-colored wine with candied flavors balanced by acidity. It is fruity, crisp and light in character.', 'Lean, racy aromas of green fruits and cactus pad announce a pinched, zingy, high-acid palate. Briny, lightly green citrus flavors finish tight and chalky, with raw acidity that you can feel on your teeth and gums.', 'Ripe raspberry, spicy red plum and licorice unfold on the nose, while soft flavors of cassis chime in on the palate. Light weight and watery with a short finish. END
START HERE Lean, racy aromas of green fruits and cactus pad announce a pinched, zingy, high-acid palate. Briny, lightly green citrus flavors finish tight and chalky, with raw acidity that you can feel on your teeth and gums.', 'Ripe raspberry, spicy red plum and licorice unfold on the nose, while soft flavors of cassis chime in on the palate. Light weight and watery with a short finish.', "Welcoming and easy to drink, this full-bodied wine has mellow, ripe fruit flavors, light oaky accents and a warm sense of ripeness that doesn't go over the top. Subtle tannins support the texture while keeping it smooth. The blend includes Zinfandel, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah. END
START HERE Ripe raspberry, spicy red plum and licorice unfold on the nose, while soft flavors of cassis chime in on the palate. Light weight and watery with a short finish.', "Welcoming and easy to drink, this full-bodied wine has mellow, ripe fruit flavors, light oaky accents and a warm sense of ripeness that doesn't go over the top. Subtle tannins support the texture while keeping it smooth. The blend includes Zinfandel, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah.", 'This semi-dry rosé offers strawberry, rhubarb and a touch of medicinal spice on the nose, followed by strawberry and sweet cherry on the palate. A hint of spice livens things. END
START HERE Welcoming and easy to drink, this full-bodied wine has mellow, ripe fruit flavors, light oaky accents and a warm sense of ripeness that doesn't go over the top. Subtle tannins support the texture while keeping it smooth. The blend includes Zinfandel, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah.", 'This semi-dry rosé offers strawberry, rhubarb and a touch of medicinal spice on the nose, followed by strawberry and sweet cherry on the palate. A hint of spice livens things.', 'Made from Clarksburg grapes, a small appellation near Lodi, this soft Merlot tastes a touch metallic and its blackberry and cherry notes finish a tad bitter. END
START HERE This semi-dry rosé offers strawberry, rhubarb and a touch of medicinal spice on the nose, followed by strawberry and sweet cherry on the palate. A hint of spice livens things.', 'Made from Clarksburg grapes, a small appellation near Lodi, this soft Merlot tastes a touch metallic and its blackberry and cherry notes finish a tad bitter.', 'A light, easy and cheery selection, with direct aromas and flavors of sweet cherry, red raspberry and strawberry. The mouthfeel is soft and approachable, with virtually no tannins and a clean, short finish. Drink up. END
START HERE Made from Clarksburg grapes, a small appellation near Lodi, this soft Merlot tastes a touch metallic and its blackberry and cherry notes finish a tad bitter.', 'A light, easy and cheery selection, with direct aromas and flavors of sweet cherry, red raspberry and strawberry. The mouthfeel is soft and approachable, with virtually no tannins and a clean, short finish. Drink up.', 'Darker in color than many Provence rosés, this caramel-flavored wine has a fine line in ripe berry fruits to go with the smooth, velvet texture. Dry in style, its firm texture is right for food. END
START HERE A light, easy and cheery selection, with direct aromas and flavors of sweet cherry, red raspberry and strawberry. The mouthfeel is soft and approachable, with virtually no tannins and a clean, short finish. Drink up.', 'Darker in color than many Provence rosés, this caramel-flavored wine has a fine line in ripe berry fruits to go with the smooth, velvet texture. Dry in style, its firm texture is right for food.', 'Rich flavors like vanilla and fig combine with a creamy texture and sweet finish to make a cream puff of a wine. The texture is soft and acidity quite low. END
START HERE Darker in color than many Provence rosés, this caramel-flavored wine has a fine line in ripe berry fruits to go with the smooth, velvet texture. Dry in style, its firm texture is right for food.', 'Rich flavors like vanilla and fig combine with a creamy texture and sweet finish to make a cream puff of a wine. The texture is soft and acidity quite low.', 'Elegant fruit and minerals on the nose start this affordable wine from Brampton. Balanced, refreshing but substantial, it offers lovely Chardonnay fruit with a layered character. Overall, a wine to impress. END
START HERE Rich flavors like vanilla and fig combine with a creamy texture and sweet finish to make a cream puff of a wine. The texture is soft and acidity quite low.', 'Elegant fruit and minerals on the nose start this affordable wine from Brampton. Balanced, refreshing but substantial, it offers lovely Chardonnay fruit with a layered character. Overall, a wine to impress.', "An initial aromatic check reveals some cheesy, funky smells, but they blow off to reveal a solid, everyday red wine. The palate is surprisingly rich, and it tastes of boysenberry fruit. The finish has some zip and length to it, and also some overt oaky flavor. Sure, it's thin and easy by big-wine standards, but within its class of value-priced reds it's sturdy and satisfying. END
START HERE Elegant fruit and minerals on the nose start this affordable wine from Brampton. Balanced, refreshing but substantial, it offers lovely Chardonnay fruit with a layered character. Overall, a wine to impress.', "An initial aromatic check reveals some cheesy, funky smells, but they blow off to reveal a solid, everyday red wine. The palate is surprisingly rich, and it tastes of boysenberry fruit. The finish has some zip and length to it, and also some overt oaky flavor. Sure, it's thin and easy by big-wine standards, but within its class of value-priced reds it's sturdy and satisfying.", 'Dusty and dry on the nose, with raspberry and peppery spice notes that are true to the variety. Relatively solid in the mouth, with peppy red fruit flavors, tea and a tartness suggesting citrus or apple skins. Snappy juice that makes the grade. END
START HERE An initial aromatic check reveals some cheesy, funky smells, but they blow off to reveal a solid, everyday red wine. The palate is surprisingly rich, and it tastes of boysenberry fruit. The finish has some zip and length to it, and also some overt oaky flavor. Sure, it's thin and easy by big-wine standards, but within its class of value-priced reds it's sturdy and satisfying.", 'Dusty and dry on the nose, with raspberry and peppery spice notes that are true to the variety. Relatively solid in the mouth, with peppy red fruit flavors, tea and a tartness suggesting citrus or apple skins. Snappy juice that makes the grade.', "Black cherry, currant and plum swirl in the bouquet, with hints of baking spice and bittersweet chocolate in the background. It's promising, but the palate comes across a bit flat, with soft tannins and a fleeting finish. END
START HERE Dusty and dry on the nose, with raspberry and peppery spice notes that are true to the variety. Relatively solid in the mouth, with peppy red fruit flavors, tea and a tartness suggesting citrus or apple skins. Snappy juice that makes the grade.', "Black cherry, currant and plum swirl in the bouquet, with hints of baking spice and bittersweet chocolate in the background. It's promising, but the palate comes across a bit flat, with soft tannins and a fleeting finish.", 'Made entirely with Sangiovese, this opens with delicate aromas of violet and baking spice. The simple easy-drinking palate offers wild cherry and chopped herb alongside round tannins. Enjoy soon. END
START HERE Black cherry, currant and plum swirl in the bouquet, with hints of baking spice and bittersweet chocolate in the background. It's promising, but the palate comes across a bit flat, with soft tannins and a fleeting finish.", 'Made entirely with Sangiovese, this opens with delicate aromas of violet and baking spice. The simple easy-drinking palate offers wild cherry and chopped herb alongside round tannins. Enjoy soon.', "There's lots to like in this affordable Zin. It's robust and juicy with ripe blackberry, cherry, cocoa, black pepper and sandalwood flavors that finish slightly sweet. Nice with pizza, burgers or beef tacos. END
START HERE Made entirely with Sangiovese, this opens with delicate aromas of violet and baking spice. The simple easy-drinking palate offers wild cherry and chopped herb alongside round tannins. Enjoy soon.', "There's lots to like in this affordable Zin. It's robust and juicy with ripe blackberry, cherry, cocoa, black pepper and sandalwood flavors that finish slightly sweet. Nice with pizza, burgers or beef tacos.", 'More or less clean and neutral on the nose, with aromatic notes of peach and apple. The palate is juicy but sort of jumpy, with flavors of orange, pithy bitterness and roast corn. Good in this price range but seemingly on its way to being past its prime. END
START HERE There's lots to like in this affordable Zin. It's robust and juicy with ripe blackberry, cherry, cocoa, black pepper and sandalwood flavors that finish slightly sweet. Nice with pizza, burgers or beef tacos.", 'More or less clean and neutral on the nose, with aromatic notes of peach and apple. The palate is juicy but sort of jumpy, with flavors of orange, pithy bitterness and roast corn. Good in this price range but seemingly on its way to being past its prime.', 'This is a structured, balanced white with aromas of gooseberry, flint and spice on the nose, and flavors of fresh citrus and fruit on the palate. Clean and crisp but offering complexity, this wine marries rich fruit and cracking acid very successfully. Pair with spicy Indian cuisine, grilled seafood. END
START HERE More or less clean and neutral on the nose, with aromatic notes of peach and apple. The palate is juicy but sort of jumpy, with flavors of orange, pithy bitterness and roast corn. Good in this price range but seemingly on its way to being past its prime.', 'This is a structured, balanced white with aromas of gooseberry, flint and spice on the nose, and flavors of fresh citrus and fruit on the palate. Clean and crisp but offering complexity, this wine marries rich fruit and cracking acid very successfully. Pair with spicy Indian cuisine, grilled seafood.', "This is a good, everyday Zin with some extra features of fanciness. It's dry and tannic and full-bodied, the way you want Zin to be, with modest flavors of cherries, currants, mint, pepper and tobacco. END
START HERE This is a structured, balanced white with aromas of gooseberry, flint and spice on the nose, and flavors of fresh citrus and fruit on the palate. Clean and crisp but offering complexity, this wine marries rich fruit and cracking acid very successfully. Pair with spicy Indian cuisine, grilled seafood.', "This is a good, everyday Zin with some extra features of fanciness. It's dry and tannic and full-bodied, the way you want Zin to be, with modest flavors of cherries, currants, mint, pepper and tobacco.", 'Fresh and fruity aromas and flavors make this medium-bodied wine easy to enjoy. It has an earthy smell at first, but that blows off quickly. The mouthfeel is smooth, almost sweet. . END
START HERE This is a good, everyday Zin with some extra features of fanciness. It's dry and tannic and full-bodied, the way you want Zin to be, with modest flavors of cherries, currants, mint, pepper and tobacco.", 'Fresh and fruity aromas and flavors make this medium-bodied wine easy to enjoy. It has an earthy smell at first, but that blows off quickly. The mouthfeel is smooth, almost sweet. .', 'Uncommon exotic blueberry aromas are lean and grassy. In the mouth, this is high in acidity and scouring. Flavors match the nose, meaning this tastes sour and exotic, while the finish is sharp and scrubbing. END
START HERE Fresh and fruity aromas and flavors make this medium-bodied wine easy to enjoy. It has an earthy smell at first, but that blows off quickly. The mouthfeel is smooth, almost sweet. .', 'Uncommon exotic blueberry aromas are lean and grassy. In the mouth, this is high in acidity and scouring. Flavors match the nose, meaning this tastes sour and exotic, while the finish is sharp and scrubbing.', 'Saucy tomato and herbal berry aromas are a bit green. This feels creamy and thick, but also bumpy. Oaky, herbal black-fruit flavors are a touch stewy. It tastes green, minty and herbal on the finish. END
START HERE Uncommon exotic blueberry aromas are lean and grassy. In the mouth, this is high in acidity and scouring. Flavors match the nose, meaning this tastes sour and exotic, while the finish is sharp and scrubbing.', 'Saucy tomato and herbal berry aromas are a bit green. This feels creamy and thick, but also bumpy. Oaky, herbal black-fruit flavors are a touch stewy. It tastes green, minty and herbal on the finish.', 'This might be a touch volatile at first, but saucy tomato-like aromas are offset by fresh red-plum notes. A tight and tannic palate softens with time in the glass, while berry flavors carry herb and spice notes onto a lightly herbal finish. END
START HERE Saucy tomato and herbal berry aromas are a bit green. This feels creamy and thick, but also bumpy. Oaky, herbal black-fruit flavors are a touch stewy. It tastes green, minty and herbal on the finish.', 'This might be a touch volatile at first, but saucy tomato-like aromas are offset by fresh red-plum notes. A tight and tannic palate softens with time in the glass, while berry flavors carry herb and spice notes onto a lightly herbal finish.', 'Aromas of herbal red fruits, tobacco and vanilla are basic and modest. This has a wiry, acidic mouthfeel and flavors of mixed herbs, tomato, pie cherry, red plum and olive. A fresh, racy finish is tangy and tomatoey. END
START HERE This might be a touch volatile at first, but saucy tomato-like aromas are offset by fresh red-plum notes. A tight and tannic palate softens with time in the glass, while berry flavors carry herb and spice notes onto a lightly herbal finish.', 'Aromas of herbal red fruits, tobacco and vanilla are basic and modest. This has a wiry, acidic mouthfeel and flavors of mixed herbs, tomato, pie cherry, red plum and olive. A fresh, racy finish is tangy and tomatoey.', "A very appealing nose of earthy spice starts this successful Chard, and leads into a full, rounded blanket of toasted oak and fruit. There's complexity here without heaviness, and the wine finishes big but pretty. Pair with richer seafood—like crab—or creamy poultry dishes. END
START HERE Aromas of herbal red fruits, tobacco and vanilla are basic and modest. This has a wiry, acidic mouthfeel and flavors of mixed herbs, tomato, pie cherry, red plum and olive. A fresh, racy finish is tangy and tomatoey.', "A very appealing nose of earthy spice starts this successful Chard, and leads into a full, rounded blanket of toasted oak and fruit. There's complexity here without heaviness, and the wine finishes big but pretty. Pair with richer seafood—like crab—or creamy poultry dishes.", "This wine is composed of near equal parts Idaho, Washington and California fruit. It starts out a touch reduced, with black currant and sugared-plum aromas. It drinks a hair off dry, which offsets a dry lick of tannins. It's eponymous pairing should work perfectly. END
START HERE A very appealing nose of earthy spice starts this successful Chard, and leads into a full, rounded blanket of toasted oak and fruit. There's complexity here without heaviness, and the wine finishes big but pretty. Pair with richer seafood—like crab—or creamy poultry dishes.", "This wine is composed of near equal parts Idaho, Washington and California fruit. It starts out a touch reduced, with black currant and sugared-plum aromas. It drinks a hair off dry, which offsets a dry lick of tannins. It's eponymous pairing should work perfectly.", 'Scratchy aromas of raspberry and licorice gumdrop precede a grabby, sticky palate with raw tannins. Plum and berry flavors are standard for Malbec, while the finish shows a mild baked character. END
START HERE This wine is composed of near equal parts Idaho, Washington and California fruit. It starts out a touch reduced, with black currant and sugared-plum aromas. It drinks a hair off dry, which offsets a dry lick of tannins. It's eponymous pairing should work perfectly.", 'Scratchy aromas of raspberry and licorice gumdrop precede a grabby, sticky palate with raw tannins. Plum and berry flavors are standard for Malbec, while the finish shows a mild baked character.', 'Citrus and apple aromas are dusty. This is easygoing and just juicy enough, with apple, orange and tangerine flavors. A clean finish turns softer and more mealy the longer it sits. END
START HERE Scratchy aromas of raspberry and licorice gumdrop precede a grabby, sticky palate with raw tannins. Plum and berry flavors are standard for Malbec, while the finish shows a mild baked character.', 'Citrus and apple aromas are dusty. This is easygoing and just juicy enough, with apple, orange and tangerine flavors. A clean finish turns softer and more mealy the longer it sits.', 'Pale peach in color, this wine offers pleasing aromas of watermelon and strawberry. It drinks just a hair off dry, with a light spritz that perks up the interest. END
START HERE Citrus and apple aromas are dusty. This is easygoing and just juicy enough, with apple, orange and tangerine flavors. A clean finish turns softer and more mealy the longer it sits.', 'Pale peach in color, this wine offers pleasing aromas of watermelon and strawberry. It drinks just a hair off dry, with a light spritz that perks up the interest.', 'Good and dry, with a firm scour of acidity and an earthiness to the pineapples and pears. This is a fine everyday Chardonnay at a fair price. END
START HERE Pale peach in color, this wine offers pleasing aromas of watermelon and strawberry. It drinks just a hair off dry, with a light spritz that perks up the interest.', 'Good and dry, with a firm scour of acidity and an earthiness to the pineapples and pears. This is a fine everyday Chardonnay at a fair price.', "Fairly hot and heavy at first, as alcohol blows up your nostrils. But let it settle and you'll get dark, sultry aromas of leather and black plum in front of edgy, mildly citric cassis and red plum flavors. The blend is Carmenère, Petit Verdot and Shiraz, which is not something found on every shelf. Like its Cab Franc-Petit Verdot partner, Anke Blend-2 is good but not great. END
START HERE Good and dry, with a firm scour of acidity and an earthiness to the pineapples and pears. This is a fine everyday Chardonnay at a fair price.', "Fairly hot and heavy at first, as alcohol blows up your nostrils. But let it settle and you'll get dark, sultry aromas of leather and black plum in front of edgy, mildly citric cassis and red plum flavors. The blend is Carmenère, Petit Verdot and Shiraz, which is not something found on every shelf. Like its Cab Franc-Petit Verdot partner, Anke Blend-2 is good but not great.", "Composed of 60% Grenache and 40% Syrah, here's a tasty and attractively priced rosé with a gorgeous bouquet of fresh white strawberry, ripe plum and a touch of mango-infused tropical acidity. The palate is like a strawberry creamsicle, with a balanced richness that fosters the impression of decadence. A full and lush but still vibrant rosé. END
START HERE Fairly hot and heavy at first, as alcohol blows up your nostrils. But let it settle and you'll get dark, sultry aromas of leather and black plum in front of edgy, mildly citric cassis and red plum flavors. The blend is Carmenère, Petit Verdot and Shiraz, which is not something found on every shelf. Like its Cab Franc-Petit Verdot partner, Anke Blend-2 is good but not great.", "Composed of 60% Grenache and 40% Syrah, here's a tasty and attractively priced rosé with a gorgeous bouquet of fresh white strawberry, ripe plum and a touch of mango-infused tropical acidity. The palate is like a strawberry creamsicle, with a balanced richness that fosters the impression of decadence. A full and lush but still vibrant rosé.", "Scents of salted caramels, smoke and apple blossom make this wonderfully enticing. It's a straightforward, easygoing wine, but highlighted by fresh apple and pear notes that melt into richer, rounder flavors of nuts and cream. END
START HERE Composed of 60% Grenache and 40% Syrah, here's a tasty and attractively priced rosé with a gorgeous bouquet of fresh white strawberry, ripe plum and a touch of mango-infused tropical acidity. The palate is like a strawberry creamsicle, with a balanced richness that fosters the impression of decadence. A full and lush but still vibrant rosé.", "Scents of salted caramels, smoke and apple blossom make this wonderfully enticing. It's a straightforward, easygoing wine, but highlighted by fresh apple and pear notes that melt into richer, rounder flavors of nuts and cream.", 'Crisp and apple-flavored, this light and serviceable Chardonnay brings the clean and balanced flavors of Washington fruit to this California-based producer of high volume, moderately priced wines. Fine for everyday enjoyment. END
START HERE Scents of salted caramels, smoke and apple blossom make this wonderfully enticing. It's a straightforward, easygoing wine, but highlighted by fresh apple and pear notes that melt into richer, rounder flavors of nuts and cream.", 'Crisp and apple-flavored, this light and serviceable Chardonnay brings the clean and balanced flavors of Washington fruit to this California-based producer of high volume, moderately priced wines. Fine for everyday enjoyment.', 'This rosé wine is semi-sweet, with fruit drink flavors of nectarines, tangerines and vanilla. It could almost be a dessert wine. END
START HERE Crisp and apple-flavored, this light and serviceable Chardonnay brings the clean and balanced flavors of Washington fruit to this California-based producer of high volume, moderately priced wines. Fine for everyday enjoyment.', 'This rosé wine is semi-sweet, with fruit drink flavors of nectarines, tangerines and vanilla. It could almost be a dessert wine.', 'Grassy aromas of green melon and white pepper feed into a plump yet citrusy palate. Slightly pyrazinic and mildly bitter, underripe green melon and grapefruit are the lead flavors. END
START HERE This rosé wine is semi-sweet, with fruit drink flavors of nectarines, tangerines and vanilla. It could almost be a dessert wine.', 'Grassy aromas of green melon and white pepper feed into a plump yet citrusy palate. Slightly pyrazinic and mildly bitter, underripe green melon and grapefruit are the lead flavors.', 'A good, rich, spicy Zin that shows loads of character at a great price. Full-bodied and bone dry, it bursts with blackberry, tobacco, dark chocolate and pepper flavors. END
START HERE Grassy aromas of green melon and white pepper feed into a plump yet citrusy palate. Slightly pyrazinic and mildly bitter, underripe green melon and grapefruit are the lead flavors.', 'A good, rich, spicy Zin that shows loads of character at a great price. Full-bodied and bone dry, it bursts with blackberry, tobacco, dark chocolate and pepper flavors.', 'This starts out with a whiff of earth and compost that transitions to olive, tree bark and herbal berry aromas upon airing. The palate feels good, with midlevel tannic bite and light, woody flavors of mint-infused licorice and berry. As the fruit element leaves the finish, mint, toast and green notes settle in. END
START HERE A good, rich, spicy Zin that shows loads of character at a great price. Full-bodied and bone dry, it bursts with blackberry, tobacco, dark chocolate and pepper flavors.', 'This starts out with a whiff of earth and compost that transitions to olive, tree bark and herbal berry aromas upon airing. The palate feels good, with midlevel tannic bite and light, woody flavors of mint-infused licorice and berry. As the fruit element leaves the finish, mint, toast and green notes settle in.', "This is a good yet basic Merlot with baked berry aromas. The mouthfeel is more lively and raw in feel, with modest berry and spice flavors that hit quick and hollow at just as quickly. A standard finish is fine but doesn't evolve. END
START HERE This starts out with a whiff of earth and compost that transitions to olive, tree bark and herbal berry aromas upon airing. The palate feels good, with midlevel tannic bite and light, woody flavors of mint-infused licorice and berry. As the fruit element leaves the finish, mint, toast and green notes settle in.', "This is a good yet basic Merlot with baked berry aromas. The mouthfeel is more lively and raw in feel, with modest berry and spice flavors that hit quick and hollow at just as quickly. A standard finish is fine but doesn't evolve.", "Light and pretty with watermelon and faint strawberry notes, Frisk is just slightly fizzy. Its aromas almost trick one into expecting a wine that's sweet, but it finishes dry and is in balance. Made from Grenache grapes, it's a likable, refreshing drink ready for the picnic basket or patio. END
START HERE This is a good yet basic Merlot with baked berry aromas. The mouthfeel is more lively and raw in feel, with modest berry and spice flavors that hit quick and hollow at just as quickly. A standard finish is fine but doesn't evolve.", "Light and pretty with watermelon and faint strawberry notes, Frisk is just slightly fizzy. Its aromas almost trick one into expecting a wine that's sweet, but it finishes dry and is in balance. Made from Grenache grapes, it's a likable, refreshing drink ready for the picnic basket or patio.", 'Apple and citrus aromas are neither well defined nor overly aromatic. Fresh and juicy on the palate, this offers citrus peel and green melon flavors. Mild and short on the finish. END
START HERE Light and pretty with watermelon and faint strawberry notes, Frisk is just slightly fizzy. Its aromas almost trick one into expecting a wine that's sweet, but it finishes dry and is in balance. Made from Grenache grapes, it's a likable, refreshing drink ready for the picnic basket or patio.", 'Apple and citrus aromas are neither well defined nor overly aromatic. Fresh and juicy on the palate, this offers citrus peel and green melon flavors. Mild and short on the finish.', 'Raw, reedy aromas of currant and cherry lead to a rubbery, pinched palate. Cherry and berry flavors are generic, as is the finish, which has hints of brown sugar. The blend is Merlot, Bonarda and Malbec. END
START HERE Apple and citrus aromas are neither well defined nor overly aromatic. Fresh and juicy on the palate, this offers citrus peel and green melon flavors. Mild and short on the finish.', 'Raw, reedy aromas of currant and cherry lead to a rubbery, pinched palate. Cherry and berry flavors are generic, as is the finish, which has hints of brown sugar. The blend is Merlot, Bonarda and Malbec.', 'Soft and dull, but dry, with thin cherry and herb flavors. END
START HERE Raw, reedy aromas of currant and cherry lead to a rubbery, pinched palate. Cherry and berry flavors are generic, as is the finish, which has hints of brown sugar. The blend is Merlot, Bonarda and Malbec.', 'Soft and dull, but dry, with thin cherry and herb flavors.', 'This is an up-front fruity wine with tangy acidity and a crisp texture. It is still young, still almost raw in its character and needs a few months to calm down. But it will be an attractive zesty wine full of fruit. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE Soft and dull, but dry, with thin cherry and herb flavors.', 'This is an up-front fruity wine with tangy acidity and a crisp texture. It is still young, still almost raw in its character and needs a few months to calm down. But it will be an attractive zesty wine full of fruit. Drink from 2018.', "This wine varies in quality and perception based on when in its lifespan you taste it. Now, toward the end of the line, it's tropical and hanging in there, with green apple, citrus and other typical SB aromas and flavors. Even with 15% Carmenère in the blend for kicks, it's standard and workmanlike. END
START HERE This is an up-front fruity wine with tangy acidity and a crisp texture. It is still young, still almost raw in its character and needs a few months to calm down. But it will be an attractive zesty wine full of fruit. Drink from 2018.', "This wine varies in quality and perception based on when in its lifespan you taste it. Now, toward the end of the line, it's tropical and hanging in there, with green apple, citrus and other typical SB aromas and flavors. Even with 15% Carmenère in the blend for kicks, it's standard and workmanlike.", 'White-fruit aromas of pear, apple and melon are decent. This feels round but not exact. Chunky flavors of apple and melon are low on zest and freshness, while the finish feels heavy and is salty in taste. END
START HERE This wine varies in quality and perception based on when in its lifespan you taste it. Now, toward the end of the line, it's tropical and hanging in there, with green apple, citrus and other typical SB aromas and flavors. Even with 15% Carmenère in the blend for kicks, it's standard and workmanlike.", 'White-fruit aromas of pear, apple and melon are decent. This feels round but not exact. Chunky flavors of apple and melon are low on zest and freshness, while the finish feels heavy and is salty in taste.', 'A tasty vein of cranberry and raspberry runs from the nose to the palate, and lingers on the finish, giving this value-priced wine focus and vibrance. It has plenty of fresh acidity, fine tannins and good depth of flavor. END
START HERE White-fruit aromas of pear, apple and melon are decent. This feels round but not exact. Chunky flavors of apple and melon are low on zest and freshness, while the finish feels heavy and is salty in taste.', 'A tasty vein of cranberry and raspberry runs from the nose to the palate, and lingers on the finish, giving this value-priced wine focus and vibrance. It has plenty of fresh acidity, fine tannins and good depth of flavor.', "Leathery, feral aromas including stemmy notes define the nose on this just-good-enough Malbec. There's not much give to the acidic palate, while flavors of mint and red fruits finish scratchy. END
START HERE A tasty vein of cranberry and raspberry runs from the nose to the palate, and lingers on the finish, giving this value-priced wine focus and vibrance. It has plenty of fresh acidity, fine tannins and good depth of flavor.', "Leathery, feral aromas including stemmy notes define the nose on this just-good-enough Malbec. There's not much give to the acidic palate, while flavors of mint and red fruits finish scratchy.", 'Hard aromas of tire rubber and black fruits lead to a clampy palate with raw tannins. Blackberry and rubber flavors finish on the bitter side. END
START HERE Leathery, feral aromas including stemmy notes define the nose on this just-good-enough Malbec. There's not much give to the acidic palate, while flavors of mint and red fruits finish scratchy.", 'Hard aromas of tire rubber and black fruits lead to a clampy palate with raw tannins. Blackberry and rubber flavors finish on the bitter side.', "Herbal and spicy, here's an easygoing Merlot that's perfect for entertaining. Pepper and anise add character to the black fruit core, and the pronounced acidity keeps things lively and clean on the finish. END
START HERE Hard aromas of tire rubber and black fruits lead to a clampy palate with raw tannins. Blackberry and rubber flavors finish on the bitter side.', "Herbal and spicy, here's an easygoing Merlot that's perfect for entertaining. Pepper and anise add character to the black fruit core, and the pronounced acidity keeps things lively and clean on the finish.", "Quite good and above the masses when compared to the bulk of rosé wines coming from Argentina. Made from Malbec, it's bright and floral, with a touch of citrus to the nose. Healthy, vibrant, balanced and cleansing, with flavors of berries, nectarine and pink grapefruit. Drink now. END
START HERE Herbal and spicy, here's an easygoing Merlot that's perfect for entertaining. Pepper and anise add character to the black fruit core, and the pronounced acidity keeps things lively and clean on the finish.", "Quite good and above the masses when compared to the bulk of rosé wines coming from Argentina. Made from Malbec, it's bright and floral, with a touch of citrus to the nose. Healthy, vibrant, balanced and cleansing, with flavors of berries, nectarine and pink grapefruit. Drink now.", "NQN's Picada 15 line is a consistent source for good value among red wines. This four-grape blend (led by Cabernet Sauvignon) has a slight aroma of burnt leaves and tire rubber, but it settles with air into a good whole. Flavors of sweet berry fruits have an herbal edge, while the mouthfeel and finish are creamy, rich and smooth. Nice wine for the price. END
START HERE Quite good and above the masses when compared to the bulk of rosé wines coming from Argentina. Made from Malbec, it's bright and floral, with a touch of citrus to the nose. Healthy, vibrant, balanced and cleansing, with flavors of berries, nectarine and pink grapefruit. Drink now.", "NQN's Picada 15 line is a consistent source for good value among red wines. This four-grape blend (led by Cabernet Sauvignon) has a slight aroma of burnt leaves and tire rubber, but it settles with air into a good whole. Flavors of sweet berry fruits have an herbal edge, while the mouthfeel and finish are creamy, rich and smooth. Nice wine for the price.", "Spice, leather and oak aromas rest on top of an earthy base that doesn't suggest any particular fruit. This Garnacha-Tempranillo blend feels narrow and choppy. Flavors of savory oak, baked berries and chocolate finish dry and drawing. END
START HERE NQN's Picada 15 line is a consistent source for good value among red wines. This four-grape blend (led by Cabernet Sauvignon) has a slight aroma of burnt leaves and tire rubber, but it settles with air into a good whole. Flavors of sweet berry fruits have an herbal edge, while the mouthfeel and finish are creamy, rich and smooth. Nice wine for the price.", "Spice, leather and oak aromas rest on top of an earthy base that doesn't suggest any particular fruit. This Garnacha-Tempranillo blend feels narrow and choppy. Flavors of savory oak, baked berries and chocolate finish dry and drawing.", 'In a light, fresh style, this is an attractive red berry fruited wine. There are light tannins, soft strawberry flavors and a light acidity. END
START HERE Spice, leather and oak aromas rest on top of an earthy base that doesn't suggest any particular fruit. This Garnacha-Tempranillo blend feels narrow and choppy. Flavors of savory oak, baked berries and chocolate finish dry and drawing.", 'In a light, fresh style, this is an attractive red berry fruited wine. There are light tannins, soft strawberry flavors and a light acidity.', 'Black fruit and graphite aromas come with an earthy heaviness. This is intense, with driving tannins pushing the flavors of black plum and stewed meat. The finish is big and fruity, with a rubbery feel. END
START HERE In a light, fresh style, this is an attractive red berry fruited wine. There are light tannins, soft strawberry flavors and a light acidity.', 'Black fruit and graphite aromas come with an earthy heaviness. This is intense, with driving tannins pushing the flavors of black plum and stewed meat. The finish is big and fruity, with a rubbery feel.', "Forceful on the nose, with herbal, saucy, rubbery aromas. It's weighty in the mouth, with blackberry, herbal tomato and dry spice flavors. Feels pretty good on the finish, which comes with a lasting herbal accent. A little grating but solid enough. END
START HERE Black fruit and graphite aromas come with an earthy heaviness. This is intense, with driving tannins pushing the flavors of black plum and stewed meat. The finish is big and fruity, with a rubbery feel.', "Forceful on the nose, with herbal, saucy, rubbery aromas. It's weighty in the mouth, with blackberry, herbal tomato and dry spice flavors. Feels pretty good on the finish, which comes with a lasting herbal accent. A little grating but solid enough.", "This is a reserved and elegant example, fashioned along European lines. There's mixed vegetable and tomato notes upfront and a juicy palate of red fruit rounded out by a vanilla top note. The medium finish shows soft tannins. Serve with firm cheese. Drink now to 2011. END
START HERE Forceful on the nose, with herbal, saucy, rubbery aromas. It's weighty in the mouth, with blackberry, herbal tomato and dry spice flavors. Feels pretty good on the finish, which comes with a lasting herbal accent. A little grating but solid enough.", "This is a reserved and elegant example, fashioned along European lines. There's mixed vegetable and tomato notes upfront and a juicy palate of red fruit rounded out by a vanilla top note. The medium finish shows soft tannins. Serve with firm cheese. Drink now to 2011.", "This textbook entry-level Merlot combines plum, mocha and herb shadings in a soft, almost sweet-tasting wine that's sure to be poured by the glass at innumerable restaurants nationwide. There's just enough tannin on the finish to give it the strength to pair with red meats. END
START HERE This is a reserved and elegant example, fashioned along European lines. There's mixed vegetable and tomato notes upfront and a juicy palate of red fruit rounded out by a vanilla top note. The medium finish shows soft tannins. Serve with firm cheese. Drink now to 2011.", "This textbook entry-level Merlot combines plum, mocha and herb shadings in a soft, almost sweet-tasting wine that's sure to be poured by the glass at innumerable restaurants nationwide. There's just enough tannin on the finish to give it the strength to pair with red meats.", 'Toasty, bready and oxidized, this lacks freshness. The palate is low on structure and carbonic foundation, while flavors of papaya and scrambled eggs are sulfuric. A yeasty, bready finish seems spent. END
START HERE This textbook entry-level Merlot combines plum, mocha and herb shadings in a soft, almost sweet-tasting wine that's sure to be poured by the glass at innumerable restaurants nationwide. There's just enough tannin on the finish to give it the strength to pair with red meats.", 'Toasty, bready and oxidized, this lacks freshness. The palate is low on structure and carbonic foundation, while flavors of papaya and scrambled eggs are sulfuric. A yeasty, bready finish seems spent.', "Tart green-apple flavors are joined on the palate by a touch of fresh berries. Clean and crisp; a good summertime wine that's the local version of a Provençal rosé (but made from a blend of Chardonnay and Merlot). END
START HERE Toasty, bready and oxidized, this lacks freshness. The palate is low on structure and carbonic foundation, while flavors of papaya and scrambled eggs are sulfuric. A yeasty, bready finish seems spent.', "Tart green-apple flavors are joined on the palate by a touch of fresh berries. Clean and crisp; a good summertime wine that's the local version of a Provençal rosé (but made from a blend of Chardonnay and Merlot).", 'A very clean, tasty wine, with pronounced flavors of grass, citrus fruits, sweet figs and peppery spices. Has a ripely honeyed edge, but a crisp streak of acidity keeps it fresh and balanced. END
START HERE Tart green-apple flavors are joined on the palate by a touch of fresh berries. Clean and crisp; a good summertime wine that's the local version of a Provençal rosé (but made from a blend of Chardonnay and Merlot).", 'A very clean, tasty wine, with pronounced flavors of grass, citrus fruits, sweet figs and peppery spices. Has a ripely honeyed edge, but a crisp streak of acidity keeps it fresh and balanced.', 'Fresh apple, green grass, dandelion and a touch of soft smoke emanate from the glass, transitioning to flavors of gingered peach and spicy orange on the palate. Medium weight and well structured with nice complexity and evolution. Drink now. END
START HERE A very clean, tasty wine, with pronounced flavors of grass, citrus fruits, sweet figs and peppery spices. Has a ripely honeyed edge, but a crisp streak of acidity keeps it fresh and balanced.', 'Fresh apple, green grass, dandelion and a touch of soft smoke emanate from the glass, transitioning to flavors of gingered peach and spicy orange on the palate. Medium weight and well structured with nice complexity and evolution. Drink now.', 'This is a clean, lightweight wine with gripping yet silky tannins. The nose of hickory smoke is wrapped in loam, which repeats on the palate with smoky cherry and fresh green herbs. On the finish, the semisweet herbal quality is a treat. END
START HERE Fresh apple, green grass, dandelion and a touch of soft smoke emanate from the glass, transitioning to flavors of gingered peach and spicy orange on the palate. Medium weight and well structured with nice complexity and evolution. Drink now.', 'This is a clean, lightweight wine with gripping yet silky tannins. The nose of hickory smoke is wrapped in loam, which repeats on the palate with smoky cherry and fresh green herbs. On the finish, the semisweet herbal quality is a treat.', 'This offers fruit cocktail aromas, with canned pears and light honey, making for an inviting if not varietally typical nose. The flavors are light once sipped, closest to nectarine and apricot. This would be a very drinkable lunchtime wine. END
START HERE This is a clean, lightweight wine with gripping yet silky tannins. The nose of hickory smoke is wrapped in loam, which repeats on the palate with smoky cherry and fresh green herbs. On the finish, the semisweet herbal quality is a treat.', 'This offers fruit cocktail aromas, with canned pears and light honey, making for an inviting if not varietally typical nose. The flavors are light once sipped, closest to nectarine and apricot. This would be a very drinkable lunchtime wine.', 'Wild berry aromas come with a cool hint of herbal mint. This is full, grabby and solid in the mouth. Flavors of dark fruits come across lightly stewed and pruny, while the finish dishes up a final taste of prune and foresty notes. END
START HERE This offers fruit cocktail aromas, with canned pears and light honey, making for an inviting if not varietally typical nose. The flavors are light once sipped, closest to nectarine and apricot. This would be a very drinkable lunchtime wine.', 'Wild berry aromas come with a cool hint of herbal mint. This is full, grabby and solid in the mouth. Flavors of dark fruits come across lightly stewed and pruny, while the finish dishes up a final taste of prune and foresty notes.', "A straightforward wine that goes the extra mile to achieve richness and finesse. The citrusy flavors are expressive and intense. One of the best Sauvignon Blanc values you'll find. END
START HERE Wild berry aromas come with a cool hint of herbal mint. This is full, grabby and solid in the mouth. Flavors of dark fruits come across lightly stewed and pruny, while the finish dishes up a final taste of prune and foresty notes.', "A straightforward wine that goes the extra mile to achieve richness and finesse. The citrusy flavors are expressive and intense. One of the best Sauvignon Blanc values you'll find.", 'Lushly fruited with blueberry, black cherry and plum, this Idaho-sourced red blend is mostly Cabernet Sauvignon, with small amounts of seven other grapes. Smooth and flavorful, it finishes with a dash of cocoa. END
START HERE A straightforward wine that goes the extra mile to achieve richness and finesse. The citrusy flavors are expressive and intense. One of the best Sauvignon Blanc values you'll find.", 'Lushly fruited with blueberry, black cherry and plum, this Idaho-sourced red blend is mostly Cabernet Sauvignon, with small amounts of seven other grapes. Smooth and flavorful, it finishes with a dash of cocoa.', 'This is so fruity with its blend of Grolleau and Cabernet Franc. It is off dry, full of strawberry flavors and laced with acidity. It is a fine summer rosé. END
START HERE Lushly fruited with blueberry, black cherry and plum, this Idaho-sourced red blend is mostly Cabernet Sauvignon, with small amounts of seven other grapes. Smooth and flavorful, it finishes with a dash of cocoa.', 'This is so fruity with its blend of Grolleau and Cabernet Franc. It is off dry, full of strawberry flavors and laced with acidity. It is a fine summer rosé.', 'Clean and honest up front, with moderate richness and modest telltale Casablanca pineapple aromas. The plate is creamier than many wines in this price range, with flavors of apple cider, citrus and some pith. Overall this is a good value wine with enough citrus and acidity to qualify it as fresh. END
START HERE This is so fruity with its blend of Grolleau and Cabernet Franc. It is off dry, full of strawberry flavors and laced with acidity. It is a fine summer rosé.', 'Clean and honest up front, with moderate richness and modest telltale Casablanca pineapple aromas. The plate is creamier than many wines in this price range, with flavors of apple cider, citrus and some pith. Overall this is a good value wine with enough citrus and acidity to qualify it as fresh.', 'Bisquertt usually does well with its value-priced Merlots, and seeing that 2007 was an excellent vintage in Chile, this wine excels in the value price range. The nose is dark and saturated, but pure and inviting. And the palate is ripe and smooth, with spice, plum, blackberry and herb notes, particularly anise. Finishes clean, smooth and peppery. Drink now. END
START HERE Clean and honest up front, with moderate richness and modest telltale Casablanca pineapple aromas. The plate is creamier than many wines in this price range, with flavors of apple cider, citrus and some pith. Overall this is a good value wine with enough citrus and acidity to qualify it as fresh.', 'Bisquertt usually does well with its value-priced Merlots, and seeing that 2007 was an excellent vintage in Chile, this wine excels in the value price range. The nose is dark and saturated, but pure and inviting. And the palate is ripe and smooth, with spice, plum, blackberry and herb notes, particularly anise. Finishes clean, smooth and peppery. Drink now.', 'For affordable, everyday Pinot Noir, this fresh, tasty number does the job. Tomato and herbal aromas complement lighter red-fruit scents, while the palate feels airy and easy. The flavor profile is snappy, with notes of red plum and raspberry backed by oak-based caramel and milk chocolate. END
START HERE Bisquertt usually does well with its value-priced Merlots, and seeing that 2007 was an excellent vintage in Chile, this wine excels in the value price range. The nose is dark and saturated, but pure and inviting. And the palate is ripe and smooth, with spice, plum, blackberry and herb notes, particularly anise. Finishes clean, smooth and peppery. Drink now.', 'For affordable, everyday Pinot Noir, this fresh, tasty number does the job. Tomato and herbal aromas complement lighter red-fruit scents, while the palate feels airy and easy. The flavor profile is snappy, with notes of red plum and raspberry backed by oak-based caramel and milk chocolate.', "While the nose is subdued, the palate of this off-dry Riesling is unexpectedly fruity, brimming with juicy peach and nectarine flavors. It's simple and straightforward but a refreshing, satisfying sip. Drink now through 2017. END
START HERE For affordable, everyday Pinot Noir, this fresh, tasty number does the job. Tomato and herbal aromas complement lighter red-fruit scents, while the palate feels airy and easy. The flavor profile is snappy, with notes of red plum and raspberry backed by oak-based caramel and milk chocolate.', "While the nose is subdued, the palate of this off-dry Riesling is unexpectedly fruity, brimming with juicy peach and nectarine flavors. It's simple and straightforward but a refreshing, satisfying sip. Drink now through 2017.", "Barely there whiffs of honey, cantaloupe and tangerine intensify on the palate of this bright, fruity wine. It's lip-smackingly plump in yellow plum and cherry flavors, but tows a precise line of acidity that's refreshing. Drink now through 2020. END
START HERE While the nose is subdued, the palate of this off-dry Riesling is unexpectedly fruity, brimming with juicy peach and nectarine flavors. It's simple and straightforward but a refreshing, satisfying sip. Drink now through 2017.", "Barely there whiffs of honey, cantaloupe and tangerine intensify on the palate of this bright, fruity wine. It's lip-smackingly plump in yellow plum and cherry flavors, but tows a precise line of acidity that's refreshing. Drink now through 2020.", 'This simple white opens with faint aromas that recall hazelnut, coffee bean and toast. The aromas make their way to the lean, rather diluted palate along with yellow apple skin. Bracing acidity gives it a brisk finish. END
START HERE Barely there whiffs of honey, cantaloupe and tangerine intensify on the palate of this bright, fruity wine. It's lip-smackingly plump in yellow plum and cherry flavors, but tows a precise line of acidity that's refreshing. Drink now through 2020.", 'This simple white opens with faint aromas that recall hazelnut, coffee bean and toast. The aromas make their way to the lean, rather diluted palate along with yellow apple skin. Bracing acidity gives it a brisk finish.', "With 12% Sémillon in the blend, this is a lovely, fresh, almost exuberant Sauvignon Blanc. Bracing and textural, with good varietal character but no excessive herbaceousness, it's loaded with fruit flavors of melon, grapefruit, kiwi and apple. A fine mix of precision and length. END
START HERE This simple white opens with faint aromas that recall hazelnut, coffee bean and toast. The aromas make their way to the lean, rather diluted palate along with yellow apple skin. Bracing acidity gives it a brisk finish.', "With 12% Sémillon in the blend, this is a lovely, fresh, almost exuberant Sauvignon Blanc. Bracing and textural, with good varietal character but no excessive herbaceousness, it's loaded with fruit flavors of melon, grapefruit, kiwi and apple. A fine mix of precision and length.", "This is fairly rich in mouthfeel and nicely complex in flavor. It's medium bodied and subtly flavored with nuances of pear, pippin apple, toasted almond and nutmeg. Enough crisp acidity shows through to balance the body and keeps the flavors singing on the finish. END
START HERE With 12% Sémillon in the blend, this is a lovely, fresh, almost exuberant Sauvignon Blanc. Bracing and textural, with good varietal character but no excessive herbaceousness, it's loaded with fruit flavors of melon, grapefruit, kiwi and apple. A fine mix of precision and length.", "This is fairly rich in mouthfeel and nicely complex in flavor. It's medium bodied and subtly flavored with nuances of pear, pippin apple, toasted almond and nutmeg. Enough crisp acidity shows through to balance the body and keeps the flavors singing on the finish.", 'This Carignan-based rosé is soft and pretty, with delicate aromas of pink peony, white cranberry and strawberry hull that dance in the bouquet. The palate is fresh yet ripely fruited, with lingering tones of lime and orange peel on the clean close. END
START HERE This is fairly rich in mouthfeel and nicely complex in flavor. It's medium bodied and subtly flavored with nuances of pear, pippin apple, toasted almond and nutmeg. Enough crisp acidity shows through to balance the body and keeps the flavors singing on the finish.", 'This Carignan-based rosé is soft and pretty, with delicate aromas of pink peony, white cranberry and strawberry hull that dance in the bouquet. The palate is fresh yet ripely fruited, with lingering tones of lime and orange peel on the clean close.', 'This basic wine that has earthy aromas, slightly pruney flavors and a smooth-enough texture. END
START HERE This Carignan-based rosé is soft and pretty, with delicate aromas of pink peony, white cranberry and strawberry hull that dance in the bouquet. The palate is fresh yet ripely fruited, with lingering tones of lime and orange peel on the clean close.', 'This basic wine that has earthy aromas, slightly pruney flavors and a smooth-enough texture.', "For the price, a pretty good Chardonnay. It's dryish to sweet, with pineapple, orange, buttered toast and vanilla flavors. END
START HERE This basic wine that has earthy aromas, slightly pruney flavors and a smooth-enough texture.', "For the price, a pretty good Chardonnay. It's dryish to sweet, with pineapple, orange, buttered toast and vanilla flavors.", 'Deep cassis aromas, a touch of licorice, and menthol notes on the nose open to a palate of black-currant and cocoa flavors in this well-balanced, medium-weight wine. Nicely structured, it finishes with good length and moderate tannins; can be cellared a few years. Best Buy. END
START HERE For the price, a pretty good Chardonnay. It's dryish to sweet, with pineapple, orange, buttered toast and vanilla flavors.", 'Deep cassis aromas, a touch of licorice, and menthol notes on the nose open to a palate of black-currant and cocoa flavors in this well-balanced, medium-weight wine. Nicely structured, it finishes with good length and moderate tannins; can be cellared a few years. Best Buy.', 'Creamy on the nose with a scent of musk and flowers, this wine from Brotherhood is too angular to fully enjoy. The acidity is good but the overall flavors are lean. END
START HERE Deep cassis aromas, a touch of licorice, and menthol notes on the nose open to a palate of black-currant and cocoa flavors in this well-balanced, medium-weight wine. Nicely structured, it finishes with good length and moderate tannins; can be cellared a few years. Best Buy.', 'Creamy on the nose with a scent of musk and flowers, this wine from Brotherhood is too angular to fully enjoy. The acidity is good but the overall flavors are lean.', 'Wiry red-berry aromas are lean and stalky smelling. This feels tight with little excess weight or body. Flavors of peppery red fruits come with a broadside shot of oak in front of a short finish. END
START HERE Creamy on the nose with a scent of musk and flowers, this wine from Brotherhood is too angular to fully enjoy. The acidity is good but the overall flavors are lean.', 'Wiry red-berry aromas are lean and stalky smelling. This feels tight with little excess weight or body. Flavors of peppery red fruits come with a broadside shot of oak in front of a short finish.', 'Some feline essence aromas appear on the nose with supporting notes of tart gooseberry and wet, dewey grass. Citrus dominates the creamy mouth with accents of cantaloupe leading through to the long finish. Try with hearty chicken salads or whole grilled fish. END
START HERE Wiry red-berry aromas are lean and stalky smelling. This feels tight with little excess weight or body. Flavors of peppery red fruits come with a broadside shot of oak in front of a short finish.', 'Some feline essence aromas appear on the nose with supporting notes of tart gooseberry and wet, dewey grass. Citrus dominates the creamy mouth with accents of cantaloupe leading through to the long finish. Try with hearty chicken salads or whole grilled fish.', "Huge and extracted, with an opaque purple color and a massive, aggressive nose that hints at stewed fruit, sweaty leather, blackberry compote and shoe polish. Forget elegance and go straight for this wine's unbridled size and density. If that sounds unappealing, pass it by. END
START HERE Some feline essence aromas appear on the nose with supporting notes of tart gooseberry and wet, dewey grass. Citrus dominates the creamy mouth with accents of cantaloupe leading through to the long finish. Try with hearty chicken salads or whole grilled fish.', "Huge and extracted, with an opaque purple color and a massive, aggressive nose that hints at stewed fruit, sweaty leather, blackberry compote and shoe polish. Forget elegance and go straight for this wine's unbridled size and density. If that sounds unappealing, pass it by.", "The standard Sauvignon Blanc aromas of lime and mineral define the nose of this wine. It tastes juicy to an extreme, with fruit flavors of nectarine and apple that don't rise to a high level. It's tangy, candied and bright on the finish. END
START HERE Huge and extracted, with an opaque purple color and a massive, aggressive nose that hints at stewed fruit, sweaty leather, blackberry compote and shoe polish. Forget elegance and go straight for this wine's unbridled size and density. If that sounds unappealing, pass it by.", "The standard Sauvignon Blanc aromas of lime and mineral define the nose of this wine. It tastes juicy to an extreme, with fruit flavors of nectarine and apple that don't rise to a high level. It's tangy, candied and bright on the finish.", 'Sweet and candied, with lemon, lime, pineapple, fig and vanilla flavors. Crisp coastal acidity helps provide a savory, cleansing quality. END
START HERE The standard Sauvignon Blanc aromas of lime and mineral define the nose of this wine. It tastes juicy to an extreme, with fruit flavors of nectarine and apple that don't rise to a high level. It's tangy, candied and bright on the finish.", 'Sweet and candied, with lemon, lime, pineapple, fig and vanilla flavors. Crisp coastal acidity helps provide a savory, cleansing quality.', 'With a touch of red currant and cedar, this straightforward, inexpensive Zin otherwise offers smoke, especially on the finish. END
START HERE Sweet and candied, with lemon, lime, pineapple, fig and vanilla flavors. Crisp coastal acidity helps provide a savory, cleansing quality.', 'With a touch of red currant and cedar, this straightforward, inexpensive Zin otherwise offers smoke, especially on the finish.', "Blocky and brambly on the nose, with a fair amount of funk. The palate is crisp, semitart and lean-bodied, and with tight acidity it's a little scouring. Lots of red-fruit character but not a lot of mouthfeel. END
START HERE With a touch of red currant and cedar, this straightforward, inexpensive Zin otherwise offers smoke, especially on the finish.', "Blocky and brambly on the nose, with a fair amount of funk. The palate is crisp, semitart and lean-bodied, and with tight acidity it's a little scouring. Lots of red-fruit character but not a lot of mouthfeel.", "Quite an unusual specimen in that you don't often see Monastrell mixed with Cabernet and Shiraz. The end result is fairly strange and unfamiliar; the nose smells saucy and lean, while the palate is also saucy and a touch medicinal. END
START HERE Blocky and brambly on the nose, with a fair amount of funk. The palate is crisp, semitart and lean-bodied, and with tight acidity it's a little scouring. Lots of red-fruit character but not a lot of mouthfeel.", "Quite an unusual specimen in that you don't often see Monastrell mixed with Cabernet and Shiraz. The end result is fairly strange and unfamiliar; the nose smells saucy and lean, while the palate is also saucy and a touch medicinal.", "One must strain to smell the ripe plum at first in this wine that is otherwise more tannic than juicy or flavorful. Buoyed by American oak and a dash or two of Syrah and Petite Sirah it's rightly priced. END
START HERE Quite an unusual specimen in that you don't often see Monastrell mixed with Cabernet and Shiraz. The end result is fairly strange and unfamiliar; the nose smells saucy and lean, while the palate is also saucy and a touch medicinal.", "One must strain to smell the ripe plum at first in this wine that is otherwise more tannic than juicy or flavorful. Buoyed by American oak and a dash or two of Syrah and Petite Sirah it's rightly priced.", "Plump blueberry and blackberry fruit meet with crushed slate and root-beer notes on the nose of this widely available bottling. It's a bit thin in body and a tad sweet-leaning, but shows caramelized black fruit and rocky earth on the palate. END
START HERE One must strain to smell the ripe plum at first in this wine that is otherwise more tannic than juicy or flavorful. Buoyed by American oak and a dash or two of Syrah and Petite Sirah it's rightly priced.", "Plump blueberry and blackberry fruit meet with crushed slate and root-beer notes on the nose of this widely available bottling. It's a bit thin in body and a tad sweet-leaning, but shows caramelized black fruit and rocky earth on the palate.", "What a delicious Zin this is. Sourced from the warm climates of Lodi and Amador County, it's ripe and fruity, offering waves of wild raspberries and cherries dusted with brown sugar, cocoa and pie spice. Great value in a lusty, versatile Zin. END
START HERE Plump blueberry and blackberry fruit meet with crushed slate and root-beer notes on the nose of this widely available bottling. It's a bit thin in body and a tad sweet-leaning, but shows caramelized black fruit and rocky earth on the palate.", "What a delicious Zin this is. Sourced from the warm climates of Lodi and Amador County, it's ripe and fruity, offering waves of wild raspberries and cherries dusted with brown sugar, cocoa and pie spice. Great value in a lusty, versatile Zin.", 'Not very vivid in color, with aromas of rhubarb, raspberry and red licorice candy. The palate is a touch scratchy, with flavors of cassis and brown sugar but not a whole lot of true Cabernet character. The finish has a slight tannic bite, but overall this is generic red wine to the max. END
START HERE What a delicious Zin this is. Sourced from the warm climates of Lodi and Amador County, it's ripe and fruity, offering waves of wild raspberries and cherries dusted with brown sugar, cocoa and pie spice. Great value in a lusty, versatile Zin.", 'Not very vivid in color, with aromas of rhubarb, raspberry and red licorice candy. The palate is a touch scratchy, with flavors of cassis and brown sugar but not a whole lot of true Cabernet character. The finish has a slight tannic bite, but overall this is generic red wine to the max.', "Wayward, funky aromas of wet dog and candied fruits don't provide much elegance to the bouquet. This also feels somewhat bland and dilute, which is unusual for Argentina. Herbal, minty flavors of cherry and plum finish peppery, green and raw in feel. END
START HERE Not very vivid in color, with aromas of rhubarb, raspberry and red licorice candy. The palate is a touch scratchy, with flavors of cassis and brown sugar but not a whole lot of true Cabernet character. The finish has a slight tannic bite, but overall this is generic red wine to the max.', "Wayward, funky aromas of wet dog and candied fruits don't provide much elegance to the bouquet. This also feels somewhat bland and dilute, which is unusual for Argentina. Herbal, minty flavors of cherry and plum finish peppery, green and raw in feel.", 'Aromas of tangerine and melon are light but display nuance. It tingles the palate with a broad, textured feel and a finish that sails. END
START HERE Wayward, funky aromas of wet dog and candied fruits don't provide much elegance to the bouquet. This also feels somewhat bland and dilute, which is unusual for Argentina. Herbal, minty flavors of cherry and plum finish peppery, green and raw in feel.", 'Aromas of tangerine and melon are light but display nuance. It tingles the palate with a broad, textured feel and a finish that sails.', 'Aromas of cranberries, raspberries and herbs lead to broad rich flavors. The tannins bring a little astringency but it offers enjoyment. END
START HERE Aromas of tangerine and melon are light but display nuance. It tingles the palate with a broad, textured feel and a finish that sails.', 'Aromas of cranberries, raspberries and herbs lead to broad rich flavors. The tannins bring a little astringency but it offers enjoyment.', 'This single-vineyard Chard with no oak has a light bouquet with nuances of white florals and red apple. The palate offers more heft and concentration with flavors of peach preserves and clementine supremes. Lower alcohol with a medium-length finish; rich and tasty without being overdone. END
START HERE Aromas of cranberries, raspberries and herbs lead to broad rich flavors. The tannins bring a little astringency but it offers enjoyment.', 'This single-vineyard Chard with no oak has a light bouquet with nuances of white florals and red apple. The palate offers more heft and concentration with flavors of peach preserves and clementine supremes. Lower alcohol with a medium-length finish; rich and tasty without being overdone.', 'A smooth and soft wine, this is packed with ripe fruit and attractive balanced acidity. There is a layer of caramel as well as spicy raspberry that give the wine extra warmth. Drink now. END
START HERE This single-vineyard Chard with no oak has a light bouquet with nuances of white florals and red apple. The palate offers more heft and concentration with flavors of peach preserves and clementine supremes. Lower alcohol with a medium-length finish; rich and tasty without being overdone.', 'A smooth and soft wine, this is packed with ripe fruit and attractive balanced acidity. There is a layer of caramel as well as spicy raspberry that give the wine extra warmth. Drink now.', 'Fresh and fruity with creamy green and white fruits, this is a soft, ready to drink Chardonnay. Attractively fruity, the acidity finely cuts through the wine. END
START HERE A smooth and soft wine, this is packed with ripe fruit and attractive balanced acidity. There is a layer of caramel as well as spicy raspberry that give the wine extra warmth. Drink now.', 'Fresh and fruity with creamy green and white fruits, this is a soft, ready to drink Chardonnay. Attractively fruity, the acidity finely cuts through the wine.', "Here's a luminous and vibrant rosato from Sicily with a saturated pink color and thick aromas of ripe raspberry and forest fruit. It has good acidity and enough heft and density in the mouth to pair with pasta or fish soup. END
START HERE Fresh and fruity with creamy green and white fruits, this is a soft, ready to drink Chardonnay. Attractively fruity, the acidity finely cuts through the wine.', "Here's a luminous and vibrant rosato from Sicily with a saturated pink color and thick aromas of ripe raspberry and forest fruit. It has good acidity and enough heft and density in the mouth to pair with pasta or fish soup.", 'Lively and tangy, but refreshing as it captures the new Chilean style of racy Sauvignon Blanc. The palate is spritzy, with lime, orange peel and tart apple flavors. Cleansing on the finish. Good value and purity for the money. END
START HERE Here's a luminous and vibrant rosato from Sicily with a saturated pink color and thick aromas of ripe raspberry and forest fruit. It has good acidity and enough heft and density in the mouth to pair with pasta or fish soup.", 'Lively and tangy, but refreshing as it captures the new Chilean style of racy Sauvignon Blanc. The palate is spritzy, with lime, orange peel and tart apple flavors. Cleansing on the finish. Good value and purity for the money.', "A solid effort that delivers all the buttery, creamy and fruity flavors most consumers love. Clean and vibrant in mouthwatering acidity, it's rich in pineapple, orange and spicy pear flavors. END
START HERE Lively and tangy, but refreshing as it captures the new Chilean style of racy Sauvignon Blanc. The palate is spritzy, with lime, orange peel and tart apple flavors. Cleansing on the finish. Good value and purity for the money.', "A solid effort that delivers all the buttery, creamy and fruity flavors most consumers love. Clean and vibrant in mouthwatering acidity, it's rich in pineapple, orange and spicy pear flavors.", 'This is a smooth, ripe style of Sauvignon Blanc. It hints at mango and pineapple as well as more crisply citrus fruit and shows an herbal, green fruit character on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE A solid effort that delivers all the buttery, creamy and fruity flavors most consumers love. Clean and vibrant in mouthwatering acidity, it's rich in pineapple, orange and spicy pear flavors.", 'This is a smooth, ripe style of Sauvignon Blanc. It hints at mango and pineapple as well as more crisply citrus fruit and shows an herbal, green fruit character on the finish. Drink now.', 'A touch creamy and milky on the nose, with shy tropical aromas in support. The palate shows warm-climate melon and peach flavors on a round, chunky frame. A mild, innocuous wine if there ever was one. Drink as soon as possible. END
START HERE This is a smooth, ripe style of Sauvignon Blanc. It hints at mango and pineapple as well as more crisply citrus fruit and shows an herbal, green fruit character on the finish. Drink now.', 'A touch creamy and milky on the nose, with shy tropical aromas in support. The palate shows warm-climate melon and peach flavors on a round, chunky frame. A mild, innocuous wine if there ever was one. Drink as soon as possible.', 'Starts out hard and rustic, but soon it unfolds with cola, black fruit and earthy leather aromas. Concentrated, ripe tannins, healthy and flavorful, with meaty berry and chocolate. Finishes tight with mossy herbs. Solid Cab for the money. END
START HERE A touch creamy and milky on the nose, with shy tropical aromas in support. The palate shows warm-climate melon and peach flavors on a round, chunky frame. A mild, innocuous wine if there ever was one. Drink as soon as possible.', 'Starts out hard and rustic, but soon it unfolds with cola, black fruit and earthy leather aromas. Concentrated, ripe tannins, healthy and flavorful, with meaty berry and chocolate. Finishes tight with mossy herbs. Solid Cab for the money.', "Candied and thin on the nose, and that's pretty much what follows. The palate is dilute, while the flavors of red fruits are crisp and semisour. Scratchy and tart on the finish as well. END
START HERE Starts out hard and rustic, but soon it unfolds with cola, black fruit and earthy leather aromas. Concentrated, ripe tannins, healthy and flavorful, with meaty berry and chocolate. Finishes tight with mossy herbs. Solid Cab for the money.', "Candied and thin on the nose, and that's pretty much what follows. The palate is dilute, while the flavors of red fruits are crisp and semisour. Scratchy and tart on the finish as well.", 'Aromas of blackberry, ripe cherry, black pepper and espresso bean delight the nose. Deep ruby red, this wine has flavors of black cherry, blackberry, cinnamon and nutmeg that are supported by a soft grid of velvety tannins. END
START HERE Candied and thin on the nose, and that's pretty much what follows. The palate is dilute, while the flavors of red fruits are crisp and semisour. Scratchy and tart on the finish as well.", 'Aromas of blackberry, ripe cherry, black pepper and espresso bean delight the nose. Deep ruby red, this wine has flavors of black cherry, blackberry, cinnamon and nutmeg that are supported by a soft grid of velvety tannins.', "Fresh and reasonably fruity on the nose, but it's also slightly gritty and tough. Shows medium weight and intensity in the mouth, with a medicinal red-berry flavor accented by spice and herb notes. It finishes dry and mildly oaky. END
START HERE Aromas of blackberry, ripe cherry, black pepper and espresso bean delight the nose. Deep ruby red, this wine has flavors of black cherry, blackberry, cinnamon and nutmeg that are supported by a soft grid of velvety tannins.', "Fresh and reasonably fruity on the nose, but it's also slightly gritty and tough. Shows medium weight and intensity in the mouth, with a medicinal red-berry flavor accented by spice and herb notes. It finishes dry and mildly oaky.", 'While this Cab may be a touch soupy and heavy on the nose, aromas of coffee grounds and berry fruits are good. A full, blocky palate features cheek-rubbing tannins, while this tastes of coffee, chocolate and herbal berry fruits. For everyday purposes, this makes the grade. END
START HERE Fresh and reasonably fruity on the nose, but it's also slightly gritty and tough. Shows medium weight and intensity in the mouth, with a medicinal red-berry flavor accented by spice and herb notes. It finishes dry and mildly oaky.", 'While this Cab may be a touch soupy and heavy on the nose, aromas of coffee grounds and berry fruits are good. A full, blocky palate features cheek-rubbing tannins, while this tastes of coffee, chocolate and herbal berry fruits. For everyday purposes, this makes the grade.', "Delicate whiffs of spring blossoms gain intensity on the palate of this easy-drinking, off-dry Riesling. Rounded and a bit plush, it's not a deeply concentrated or complex wine but the fresh apple and peach flavors are pleasant. Drink now. END
START HERE While this Cab may be a touch soupy and heavy on the nose, aromas of coffee grounds and berry fruits are good. A full, blocky palate features cheek-rubbing tannins, while this tastes of coffee, chocolate and herbal berry fruits. For everyday purposes, this makes the grade.', "Delicate whiffs of spring blossoms gain intensity on the palate of this easy-drinking, off-dry Riesling. Rounded and a bit plush, it's not a deeply concentrated or complex wine but the fresh apple and peach flavors are pleasant. Drink now.", 'Toast, buttercup and baked apple aromas give it some richness and sweetness to start, and the palate is creamy but well balanced, with toasty apple, peach and vanilla flavors. Solid and creamy on the finish, with tropical afterburners. Drink soon before it fades. END
START HERE Delicate whiffs of spring blossoms gain intensity on the palate of this easy-drinking, off-dry Riesling. Rounded and a bit plush, it's not a deeply concentrated or complex wine but the fresh apple and peach flavors are pleasant. Drink now.", 'Toast, buttercup and baked apple aromas give it some richness and sweetness to start, and the palate is creamy but well balanced, with toasty apple, peach and vanilla flavors. Solid and creamy on the finish, with tropical afterburners. Drink soon before it fades.', 'A blend of simple stone-fruit and citrus aromas exhibits a touch of vegetal green. This feels balanced but highly regular, while briny citrus and persimmon flavors hang around on the finish. END
START HERE Toast, buttercup and baked apple aromas give it some richness and sweetness to start, and the palate is creamy but well balanced, with toasty apple, peach and vanilla flavors. Solid and creamy on the finish, with tropical afterburners. Drink soon before it fades.', 'A blend of simple stone-fruit and citrus aromas exhibits a touch of vegetal green. This feels balanced but highly regular, while briny citrus and persimmon flavors hang around on the finish.', 'Stalky aromas make for a sketchy opening. In the mouth, this is blocky and grabby in feel. Burnt, underripe flavors of berry fruits are herbal and finish with grassy notes. END
START HERE A blend of simple stone-fruit and citrus aromas exhibits a touch of vegetal green. This feels balanced but highly regular, while briny citrus and persimmon flavors hang around on the finish.', 'Stalky aromas make for a sketchy opening. In the mouth, this is blocky and grabby in feel. Burnt, underripe flavors of berry fruits are herbal and finish with grassy notes.', "Floral, fresh and just big enough to make it worth a go. There's a bit of everything to this nice-priced Cab, including leafiness, red fruit, toast, chocolate and cassis. There's also a bit of heat and burn to the finish, but with food that won't be noticeable. END
START HERE Stalky aromas make for a sketchy opening. In the mouth, this is blocky and grabby in feel. Burnt, underripe flavors of berry fruits are herbal and finish with grassy notes.', "Floral, fresh and just big enough to make it worth a go. There's a bit of everything to this nice-priced Cab, including leafiness, red fruit, toast, chocolate and cassis. There's also a bit of heat and burn to the finish, but with food that won't be noticeable.", 'A big, soft red with lots of plush fruit flavors, this is soft in balance, definitely sweet rather than dry, smooth in texture and full of candied fruit accents. END
START HERE Floral, fresh and just big enough to make it worth a go. There's a bit of everything to this nice-priced Cab, including leafiness, red fruit, toast, chocolate and cassis. There's also a bit of heat and burn to the finish, but with food that won't be noticeable.", 'A big, soft red with lots of plush fruit flavors, this is soft in balance, definitely sweet rather than dry, smooth in texture and full of candied fruit accents.', 'Leathery, briny plum aromas are full and herbal. This feels solid and medium in size and body. Flavors of earthy, roasted berry and plum finish lightly green and herbal, with a touch of sweetness. END
START HERE A big, soft red with lots of plush fruit flavors, this is soft in balance, definitely sweet rather than dry, smooth in texture and full of candied fruit accents.', 'Leathery, briny plum aromas are full and herbal. This feels solid and medium in size and body. Flavors of earthy, roasted berry and plum finish lightly green and herbal, with a touch of sweetness.', "Cola and cranberry juice decorate the crushed asphalt and light peppercorn notes of the nose on this bottling by Adam Lazarre and company. The palate plays the slightly underripe card, with Kalamata olive and green-peppercorn notes spicing up the more standard cranberry and pomegranate flavors. It's quite vibrant and zesty. END
START HERE Leathery, briny plum aromas are full and herbal. This feels solid and medium in size and body. Flavors of earthy, roasted berry and plum finish lightly green and herbal, with a touch of sweetness.', "Cola and cranberry juice decorate the crushed asphalt and light peppercorn notes of the nose on this bottling by Adam Lazarre and company. The palate plays the slightly underripe card, with Kalamata olive and green-peppercorn notes spicing up the more standard cranberry and pomegranate flavors. It's quite vibrant and zesty.", "Harsh in mouthfeel, this Cab has cherry, black currant and wintergreen mint flavors, wrapped into firm but fine tannins. For the price, it's not bad for everyday fare. END
START HERE Cola and cranberry juice decorate the crushed asphalt and light peppercorn notes of the nose on this bottling by Adam Lazarre and company. The palate plays the slightly underripe card, with Kalamata olive and green-peppercorn notes spicing up the more standard cranberry and pomegranate flavors. It's quite vibrant and zesty.", "Harsh in mouthfeel, this Cab has cherry, black currant and wintergreen mint flavors, wrapped into firm but fine tannins. For the price, it's not bad for everyday fare.", 'This wine comes from the north of the Gascony region in Southwest France. It has some herbal character as well as a delicious cool feel. Riper fruit flavors such as peach and pineapple give a warmer, soft aftertaste. END
START HERE Harsh in mouthfeel, this Cab has cherry, black currant and wintergreen mint flavors, wrapped into firm but fine tannins. For the price, it's not bad for everyday fare.", 'This wine comes from the north of the Gascony region in Southwest France. It has some herbal character as well as a delicious cool feel. Riper fruit flavors such as peach and pineapple give a warmer, soft aftertaste.', 'Earthy, meaty black-plum aromas come with a touch of latex and leather. This is plump but lacking in the midpalate, while flavors of herbal plum and currant finish mild. END
START HERE This wine comes from the north of the Gascony region in Southwest France. It has some herbal character as well as a delicious cool feel. Riper fruit flavors such as peach and pineapple give a warmer, soft aftertaste.', 'Earthy, meaty black-plum aromas come with a touch of latex and leather. This is plump but lacking in the midpalate, while flavors of herbal plum and currant finish mild.', 'Smoky, oaky aromas include hints of tobacco, green bean and berry fruits. This Malbec has a resiny, grabby, full-bodied feel and oaky flavors of black fruits and carob. A full, chunky finish includes meaty but nondescript berry notes. END
START HERE Earthy, meaty black-plum aromas come with a touch of latex and leather. This is plump but lacking in the midpalate, while flavors of herbal plum and currant finish mild.', 'Smoky, oaky aromas include hints of tobacco, green bean and berry fruits. This Malbec has a resiny, grabby, full-bodied feel and oaky flavors of black fruits and carob. A full, chunky finish includes meaty but nondescript berry notes.', "Grapy aromas are spicy and woody. This is a full, packed truckload of a Malbec with earthy, baked flavors of blackberry and prune. Licorice and a mild blast of bitterness replace the wine's dark-fruit character on the finish. END
START HERE Smoky, oaky aromas include hints of tobacco, green bean and berry fruits. This Malbec has a resiny, grabby, full-bodied feel and oaky flavors of black fruits and carob. A full, chunky finish includes meaty but nondescript berry notes.', "Grapy aromas are spicy and woody. This is a full, packed truckload of a Malbec with earthy, baked flavors of blackberry and prune. Licorice and a mild blast of bitterness replace the wine's dark-fruit character on the finish.", "This medium-bodied rosé is a blend of 60% Grenache and 40% Syrah drawn from the estate's young vines. Like its big brother, the Vieilles Vignes, it's gently textured, easily balancing red berry fruit against citrusy elements. It's a clean, refreshing, but somewhat simple quaffer at a bargain price. END
START HERE Grapy aromas are spicy and woody. This is a full, packed truckload of a Malbec with earthy, baked flavors of blackberry and prune. Licorice and a mild blast of bitterness replace the wine's dark-fruit character on the finish.", "This medium-bodied rosé is a blend of 60% Grenache and 40% Syrah drawn from the estate's young vines. Like its big brother, the Vieilles Vignes, it's gently textured, easily balancing red berry fruit against citrusy elements. It's a clean, refreshing, but somewhat simple quaffer at a bargain price.", 'Tropical aromas of pineapple and melon are simple but clean, while the palate is fresh yet a little plump, with pineapple, mango, apple and banana flavors. This one will wet the whistle but it turns monotone on the finish. Drink as soon as possible for maximum vitality. END
START HERE This medium-bodied rosé is a blend of 60% Grenache and 40% Syrah drawn from the estate's young vines. Like its big brother, the Vieilles Vignes, it's gently textured, easily balancing red berry fruit against citrusy elements. It's a clean, refreshing, but somewhat simple quaffer at a bargain price.", 'Tropical aromas of pineapple and melon are simple but clean, while the palate is fresh yet a little plump, with pineapple, mango, apple and banana flavors. This one will wet the whistle but it turns monotone on the finish. Drink as soon as possible for maximum vitality.', 'This wine and the entire brand often punch above their weight, in this case showing black cherry, cedar, dried dill, crushed graphite and peppercorns on the nose. The palate offers oregano and dill at first, but proves silky with dried cherry and cranberry fruit. END
START HERE Tropical aromas of pineapple and melon are simple but clean, while the palate is fresh yet a little plump, with pineapple, mango, apple and banana flavors. This one will wet the whistle but it turns monotone on the finish. Drink as soon as possible for maximum vitality.', 'This wine and the entire brand often punch above their weight, in this case showing black cherry, cedar, dried dill, crushed graphite and peppercorns on the nose. The palate offers oregano and dill at first, but proves silky with dried cherry and cranberry fruit.', 'Solid and sturdy up front, with earthy berry and cassis aromas. Feels lively and a bit grabby, with plenty of red fruit in the plum and berry range. Finishes with a hint of smoky oak and toast. A good wine from a cool vintage. END
START HERE This wine and the entire brand often punch above their weight, in this case showing black cherry, cedar, dried dill, crushed graphite and peppercorns on the nose. The palate offers oregano and dill at first, but proves silky with dried cherry and cranberry fruit.', 'Solid and sturdy up front, with earthy berry and cassis aromas. Feels lively and a bit grabby, with plenty of red fruit in the plum and berry range. Finishes with a hint of smoky oak and toast. A good wine from a cool vintage.', 'This wine offers delicious acidity, crisp fruit and plenty of red berry flavors. It has a lively, perfumed aftertaste. END
START HERE Solid and sturdy up front, with earthy berry and cassis aromas. Feels lively and a bit grabby, with plenty of red fruit in the plum and berry range. Finishes with a hint of smoky oak and toast. A good wine from a cool vintage.', 'This wine offers delicious acidity, crisp fruit and plenty of red berry flavors. It has a lively, perfumed aftertaste.', 'A full and rounded wine, touched by caramel as well as red plum and ripe strawberries. It is generous, with a soft, open aftertaste. There is a light texture from the acidity that creeps in at the end. END
START HERE This wine offers delicious acidity, crisp fruit and plenty of red berry flavors. It has a lively, perfumed aftertaste.', 'A full and rounded wine, touched by caramel as well as red plum and ripe strawberries. It is generous, with a soft, open aftertaste. There is a light texture from the acidity that creeps in at the end.', "This dry red blend is as sophisticated, structured and balanced as many high-end Cabernets. Made from old-vine Zin, with Syrah, Cabernet and Petite Sirah as well, it has a deep, exotic aroma of dark fruit plus cedar and cardamom. The flavor is richly fruity, the mouthfeel is firmly textured and the finish lingers nicely. It's medium bodied and full-flavored. END
START HERE A full and rounded wine, touched by caramel as well as red plum and ripe strawberries. It is generous, with a soft, open aftertaste. There is a light texture from the acidity that creeps in at the end.', "This dry red blend is as sophisticated, structured and balanced as many high-end Cabernets. Made from old-vine Zin, with Syrah, Cabernet and Petite Sirah as well, it has a deep, exotic aroma of dark fruit plus cedar and cardamom. The flavor is richly fruity, the mouthfeel is firmly textured and the finish lingers nicely. It's medium bodied and full-flavored.", 'Heavy and fat, this dark-colored rosé has a bitter character along with vanilla and spice flavors. The almost-sweet texture is round and soft at the end. END
START HERE This dry red blend is as sophisticated, structured and balanced as many high-end Cabernets. Made from old-vine Zin, with Syrah, Cabernet and Petite Sirah as well, it has a deep, exotic aroma of dark fruit plus cedar and cardamom. The flavor is richly fruity, the mouthfeel is firmly textured and the finish lingers nicely. It's medium bodied and full-flavored.", 'Heavy and fat, this dark-colored rosé has a bitter character along with vanilla and spice flavors. The almost-sweet texture is round and soft at the end.', "Starts out solid enough, with notes of white grapefruit, passion fruit and mineral. Then it turns decidedly vegetal, with heavy flavors of asparagus, canned green beans and bell pepper. By the time it finishes you're firmly in the green zone. END
START HERE Heavy and fat, this dark-colored rosé has a bitter character along with vanilla and spice flavors. The almost-sweet texture is round and soft at the end.', "Starts out solid enough, with notes of white grapefruit, passion fruit and mineral. Then it turns decidedly vegetal, with heavy flavors of asparagus, canned green beans and bell pepper. By the time it finishes you're firmly in the green zone.", 'A delicious rosato made from the hearty Montepulciano grape, this opens with pretty aromas of garden flower, wild berry, dried mint and white almond. This is crisp, fresh and would pair with fried calamari rings. END
START HERE Starts out solid enough, with notes of white grapefruit, passion fruit and mineral. Then it turns decidedly vegetal, with heavy flavors of asparagus, canned green beans and bell pepper. By the time it finishes you're firmly in the green zone.", 'A delicious rosato made from the hearty Montepulciano grape, this opens with pretty aromas of garden flower, wild berry, dried mint and white almond. This is crisp, fresh and would pair with fried calamari rings.', 'Like many Navarran wines, this Garnacha-Tempranillo blend offers equal parts earthy spice and dry fruit. Aromas of spearmint, leather and wood spice bump up against crisp, wiry red-fruit notes, and the palate holds that line. If you want a restrained, balanced, more traditonal Spanish wine to drink with food, this is a good bet. END
START HERE A delicious rosato made from the hearty Montepulciano grape, this opens with pretty aromas of garden flower, wild berry, dried mint and white almond. This is crisp, fresh and would pair with fried calamari rings.', 'Like many Navarran wines, this Garnacha-Tempranillo blend offers equal parts earthy spice and dry fruit. Aromas of spearmint, leather and wood spice bump up against crisp, wiry red-fruit notes, and the palate holds that line. If you want a restrained, balanced, more traditonal Spanish wine to drink with food, this is a good bet.', 'Made with 90% Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo, this opens with earthy aromas of wet soil, underbrush and a whiff of barnyard. The simple palate offers overripe black cherry and a funky note of game alongside soft tannins. END
START HERE Like many Navarran wines, this Garnacha-Tempranillo blend offers equal parts earthy spice and dry fruit. Aromas of spearmint, leather and wood spice bump up against crisp, wiry red-fruit notes, and the palate holds that line. If you want a restrained, balanced, more traditonal Spanish wine to drink with food, this is a good bet.', 'Made with 90% Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo, this opens with earthy aromas of wet soil, underbrush and a whiff of barnyard. The simple palate offers overripe black cherry and a funky note of game alongside soft tannins.', "Lots of tart gooseberries and savory lemongrass flavors in this Sauvignon Blanc. Yet there's a sweet vanilla cream richness, even though it was fermented in stainless steel tanks. Very clean and nice, a versatile white wine at a good price. END
START HERE Made with 90% Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo, this opens with earthy aromas of wet soil, underbrush and a whiff of barnyard. The simple palate offers overripe black cherry and a funky note of game alongside soft tannins.', "Lots of tart gooseberries and savory lemongrass flavors in this Sauvignon Blanc. Yet there's a sweet vanilla cream richness, even though it was fermented in stainless steel tanks. Very clean and nice, a versatile white wine at a good price.", 'As comfortable as an old shoe, the Grand Estates Chardonnay from Columbia Crest delivers broad, open flavors of buttered fruit – almost like biting into a slice of apple pie, crust and all. Hard to argue with it, all 160,000 cases strong. END
START HERE Lots of tart gooseberries and savory lemongrass flavors in this Sauvignon Blanc. Yet there's a sweet vanilla cream richness, even though it was fermented in stainless steel tanks. Very clean and nice, a versatile white wine at a good price.", 'As comfortable as an old shoe, the Grand Estates Chardonnay from Columbia Crest delivers broad, open flavors of buttered fruit – almost like biting into a slice of apple pie, crust and all. Hard to argue with it, all 160,000 cases strong.', 'A bright strawberry-flavored wine, this is fruity and fresh. It has crisp acidity to lift the fruit and a light pepper touch that adds interest and turns it into a fine food-friendly wine. It is ready to drink now. END
START HERE As comfortable as an old shoe, the Grand Estates Chardonnay from Columbia Crest delivers broad, open flavors of buttered fruit – almost like biting into a slice of apple pie, crust and all. Hard to argue with it, all 160,000 cases strong.', 'A bright strawberry-flavored wine, this is fruity and fresh. It has crisp acidity to lift the fruit and a light pepper touch that adds interest and turns it into a fine food-friendly wine. It is ready to drink now.', 'This is a light wine with bright acidity and red fruit flavors. It has a mere touch of tannin to give structure to the crisp aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE A bright strawberry-flavored wine, this is fruity and fresh. It has crisp acidity to lift the fruit and a light pepper touch that adds interest and turns it into a fine food-friendly wine. It is ready to drink now.', 'This is a light wine with bright acidity and red fruit flavors. It has a mere touch of tannin to give structure to the crisp aftertaste. Drink now.', 'Clean, fresh, presentable aromas of red fruits are easy to like. This is balanced and offers just enough body to support cherry, nectarine and citrus flavors. The finish is crisp and lingers nicely. END
START HERE This is a light wine with bright acidity and red fruit flavors. It has a mere touch of tannin to give structure to the crisp aftertaste. Drink now.', 'Clean, fresh, presentable aromas of red fruits are easy to like. This is balanced and offers just enough body to support cherry, nectarine and citrus flavors. The finish is crisp and lingers nicely.', "Floral and clean on the nose, with good red fruit and cherry flavors. By no means is this a fat-styled, extracted Malbec. Instead it's fresh and crisp, but tasty and pretty well balanced, especially if there's some food along for the ride. Imported by USA Wine Imports. END
START HERE Clean, fresh, presentable aromas of red fruits are easy to like. This is balanced and offers just enough body to support cherry, nectarine and citrus flavors. The finish is crisp and lingers nicely.', "Floral and clean on the nose, with good red fruit and cherry flavors. By no means is this a fat-styled, extracted Malbec. Instead it's fresh and crisp, but tasty and pretty well balanced, especially if there's some food along for the ride. Imported by USA Wine Imports.", "Gotta hand it to Trivento, Concha y Toro's Argentine operation: their wines are consistent from year to year. Once again, the Select Chardonnay features a smooth, buttery nose and a well-oaked but healthy palate. It's woody for sure, but there's lemony balance. We wouldn't call this stately or great, but it gets the job done at $11. END
START HERE Floral and clean on the nose, with good red fruit and cherry flavors. By no means is this a fat-styled, extracted Malbec. Instead it's fresh and crisp, but tasty and pretty well balanced, especially if there's some food along for the ride. Imported by USA Wine Imports.", "Gotta hand it to Trivento, Concha y Toro's Argentine operation: their wines are consistent from year to year. Once again, the Select Chardonnay features a smooth, buttery nose and a well-oaked but healthy palate. It's woody for sure, but there's lemony balance. We wouldn't call this stately or great, but it gets the job done at $11.", 'Violet petal, cookie dough and graham cracker aromas surround berry scents on the nose of this good-value Malbec. The palate is jammy and not at all fierce or demanding; flavors of floral raspberry and vanilla finish sweet and a touch candied. END
START HERE Gotta hand it to Trivento, Concha y Toro's Argentine operation: their wines are consistent from year to year. Once again, the Select Chardonnay features a smooth, buttery nose and a well-oaked but healthy palate. It's woody for sure, but there's lemony balance. We wouldn't call this stately or great, but it gets the job done at $11.", 'Violet petal, cookie dough and graham cracker aromas surround berry scents on the nose of this good-value Malbec. The palate is jammy and not at all fierce or demanding; flavors of floral raspberry and vanilla finish sweet and a touch candied.', "Piercing leather, berry and foresty aromas lead to a zesty palate of medicinal cherry and raspberry flavors. The acidity here is high, and so there's some tartness and scour to the palate and finish. Tastes pretty good but rides rough and bumpy. END
START HERE Violet petal, cookie dough and graham cracker aromas surround berry scents on the nose of this good-value Malbec. The palate is jammy and not at all fierce or demanding; flavors of floral raspberry and vanilla finish sweet and a touch candied.', "Piercing leather, berry and foresty aromas lead to a zesty palate of medicinal cherry and raspberry flavors. The acidity here is high, and so there's some tartness and scour to the palate and finish. Tastes pretty good but rides rough and bumpy.", "A good value in easy-to-drink Cabernet, McWilliam's 2008 is plummy and chocolaty, with soft tannins and a velvety finish. A bit simple perhaps, but definitely satisfying. Drink now. END
START HERE Piercing leather, berry and foresty aromas lead to a zesty palate of medicinal cherry and raspberry flavors. The acidity here is high, and so there's some tartness and scour to the palate and finish. Tastes pretty good but rides rough and bumpy.", "A good value in easy-to-drink Cabernet, McWilliam's 2008 is plummy and chocolaty, with soft tannins and a velvety finish. A bit simple perhaps, but definitely satisfying. Drink now.", 'Generic but solid aromas of cassis and rubber lead to a basic palate with plum, currant, spice and herbal flavors. Drying tannins, a touch of toast and good overall balance define the finish. END
START HERE A good value in easy-to-drink Cabernet, McWilliam's 2008 is plummy and chocolaty, with soft tannins and a velvety finish. A bit simple perhaps, but definitely satisfying. Drink now.", 'Generic but solid aromas of cassis and rubber lead to a basic palate with plum, currant, spice and herbal flavors. Drying tannins, a touch of toast and good overall balance define the finish.', 'A screaming deal, this wine shows a nice blend of pencil lead, strawberries, peppercorn, oregano and chaparral scrub on the nose. The palate offers plenty of mocha and herbs including oregano and thyme, alongside elderberry and boysenberry fruit. It has enough tannic structure to notice but not enough to get in the way. END
START HERE Generic but solid aromas of cassis and rubber lead to a basic palate with plum, currant, spice and herbal flavors. Drying tannins, a touch of toast and good overall balance define the finish.', 'A screaming deal, this wine shows a nice blend of pencil lead, strawberries, peppercorn, oregano and chaparral scrub on the nose. The palate offers plenty of mocha and herbs including oregano and thyme, alongside elderberry and boysenberry fruit. It has enough tannic structure to notice but not enough to get in the way.', 'Lightly seared lemons, cut pear and a touch of butter show on the nose of this bottling. The palate is simple and easy to drink with light apple, nectarine and lime touches. END
START HERE A screaming deal, this wine shows a nice blend of pencil lead, strawberries, peppercorn, oregano and chaparral scrub on the nose. The palate offers plenty of mocha and herbs including oregano and thyme, alongside elderberry and boysenberry fruit. It has enough tannic structure to notice but not enough to get in the way.', 'Lightly seared lemons, cut pear and a touch of butter show on the nose of this bottling. The palate is simple and easy to drink with light apple, nectarine and lime touches.', 'Fresh and fruity with dominating notes of green apple, young white peach, chamomile and sweet grass. Lime citrus appears in the mouth and on the finish, livening up the moderate weight and medium-length finish. END
START HERE Lightly seared lemons, cut pear and a touch of butter show on the nose of this bottling. The palate is simple and easy to drink with light apple, nectarine and lime touches.', 'Fresh and fruity with dominating notes of green apple, young white peach, chamomile and sweet grass. Lime citrus appears in the mouth and on the finish, livening up the moderate weight and medium-length finish.', 'Produced from 100% Touriga Nacional, this is a crisp, dry wine, full of red-currant fruits and with a tang of citrus. This attractive wine is ready to drink. END
START HERE Fresh and fruity with dominating notes of green apple, young white peach, chamomile and sweet grass. Lime citrus appears in the mouth and on the finish, livening up the moderate weight and medium-length finish.', 'Produced from 100% Touriga Nacional, this is a crisp, dry wine, full of red-currant fruits and with a tang of citrus. This attractive wine is ready to drink.', "Light in color for a Cabernet, this conveys black currant, fresh blackberries and coffee. It's a bit thin in the middle but remains pleasant and straightforward on the edges. END
START HERE Produced from 100% Touriga Nacional, this is a crisp, dry wine, full of red-currant fruits and with a tang of citrus. This attractive wine is ready to drink.', "Light in color for a Cabernet, this conveys black currant, fresh blackberries and coffee. It's a bit thin in the middle but remains pleasant and straightforward on the edges.", 'Lightly vegetal aromas of asparagus and canned beans are intermixed with generic citrus scents. This wine is more acid than anything, with angularity to the palate. Salty, tart, citric flavors finish racy and with a lingering note of sour orange. END
START HERE Light in color for a Cabernet, this conveys black currant, fresh blackberries and coffee. It's a bit thin in the middle but remains pleasant and straightforward on the edges.", 'Lightly vegetal aromas of asparagus and canned beans are intermixed with generic citrus scents. This wine is more acid than anything, with angularity to the palate. Salty, tart, citric flavors finish racy and with a lingering note of sour orange.', 'Solid on the bouquet, this has notes of dark fruit and smoke, with an almond-like sweetness. Big, bulky and bullish in the mouth, it has roasted, meaty flavors that include campfire smoke, flamed meat and black fruit. The finish tastes charred but feels healthy and lively. END
START HERE Lightly vegetal aromas of asparagus and canned beans are intermixed with generic citrus scents. This wine is more acid than anything, with angularity to the palate. Salty, tart, citric flavors finish racy and with a lingering note of sour orange.', 'Solid on the bouquet, this has notes of dark fruit and smoke, with an almond-like sweetness. Big, bulky and bullish in the mouth, it has roasted, meaty flavors that include campfire smoke, flamed meat and black fruit. The finish tastes charred but feels healthy and lively.', 'Mild and approachable up front, with apple, banana and tropical fruit aromas. Feels fresh and about average, with sweet, candied flavors of mango and melon. Turns slightly bitter and pithy on the finish. END
START HERE Solid on the bouquet, this has notes of dark fruit and smoke, with an almond-like sweetness. Big, bulky and bullish in the mouth, it has roasted, meaty flavors that include campfire smoke, flamed meat and black fruit. The finish tastes charred but feels healthy and lively.', 'Mild and approachable up front, with apple, banana and tropical fruit aromas. Feels fresh and about average, with sweet, candied flavors of mango and melon. Turns slightly bitter and pithy on the finish.', "Light aromas of raspberry and berry lead to medium-bodied flavors. The tannins bring a touch of astringency that's offset by the sweetness of the red- and blue-fruit flavors. END
START HERE Mild and approachable up front, with apple, banana and tropical fruit aromas. Feels fresh and about average, with sweet, candied flavors of mango and melon. Turns slightly bitter and pithy on the finish.', "Light aromas of raspberry and berry lead to medium-bodied flavors. The tannins bring a touch of astringency that's offset by the sweetness of the red- and blue-fruit flavors.", 'Candied berry aromas include a mild spice note. This 50-50 blend of Cabernet and Malbec feels juicy but short on depth. Spicy, briny red-fruit flavors dry out on a finish with red bell pepper and black-pepper notes. END
START HERE Light aromas of raspberry and berry lead to medium-bodied flavors. The tannins bring a touch of astringency that's offset by the sweetness of the red- and blue-fruit flavors.", 'Candied berry aromas include a mild spice note. This 50-50 blend of Cabernet and Malbec feels juicy but short on depth. Spicy, briny red-fruit flavors dry out on a finish with red bell pepper and black-pepper notes.', "Aromas of yeast, talcum powder and grass set up a palate of pithy citrus and pyranzinic flavors that are green and grassy. The finish on this Sauvignon Blanc, a grape you don't see too often in hot Jumilla, is green-flavored and snappy. END
START HERE Candied berry aromas include a mild spice note. This 50-50 blend of Cabernet and Malbec feels juicy but short on depth. Spicy, briny red-fruit flavors dry out on a finish with red bell pepper and black-pepper notes.', "Aromas of yeast, talcum powder and grass set up a palate of pithy citrus and pyranzinic flavors that are green and grassy. The finish on this Sauvignon Blanc, a grape you don't see too often in hot Jumilla, is green-flavored and snappy.", "There is no hint of wood in this fruity, lightly tannic wine. It has black-currant fruit, just a touch of dryness and juicy acidity. It's a simple, delicious wine that is ready to drink now. END
START HERE Aromas of yeast, talcum powder and grass set up a palate of pithy citrus and pyranzinic flavors that are green and grassy. The finish on this Sauvignon Blanc, a grape you don't see too often in hot Jumilla, is green-flavored and snappy.", "There is no hint of wood in this fruity, lightly tannic wine. It has black-currant fruit, just a touch of dryness and juicy acidity. It's a simple, delicious wine that is ready to drink now.", 'A light, perfectly quaffable Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc, the 2009 Sea Breeze displays classic grapefruit and gooseberry notes, accented by hints of tomato leaf. Finishes a bit short, but provides decent value. END
START HERE There is no hint of wood in this fruity, lightly tannic wine. It has black-currant fruit, just a touch of dryness and juicy acidity. It's a simple, delicious wine that is ready to drink now.", 'A light, perfectly quaffable Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc, the 2009 Sea Breeze displays classic grapefruit and gooseberry notes, accented by hints of tomato leaf. Finishes a bit short, but provides decent value.', 'This industrial-quality Chardonnay opens with forced oak aromas and little to no fruit. The palate is plump, with low acidity. Melony flavors come with yeasty notes of salami and ham, while the finish tastes salty. END
START HERE A light, perfectly quaffable Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc, the 2009 Sea Breeze displays classic grapefruit and gooseberry notes, accented by hints of tomato leaf. Finishes a bit short, but provides decent value.', 'This industrial-quality Chardonnay opens with forced oak aromas and little to no fruit. The palate is plump, with low acidity. Melony flavors come with yeasty notes of salami and ham, while the finish tastes salty.', 'Blowsy and tropical, with aromatic flabbiness. The feel is acceptable and the flavors of papaya and dry white fruits bring some saucy, resiny qualities. Finishes with sappy, resiny oak notes and just enough Chardonnay character to not be disastrous. END
START HERE This industrial-quality Chardonnay opens with forced oak aromas and little to no fruit. The palate is plump, with low acidity. Melony flavors come with yeasty notes of salami and ham, while the finish tastes salty.', 'Blowsy and tropical, with aromatic flabbiness. The feel is acceptable and the flavors of papaya and dry white fruits bring some saucy, resiny qualities. Finishes with sappy, resiny oak notes and just enough Chardonnay character to not be disastrous.', 'The aromas and flavors of this wine are not too intense, with soft suggestions of strawberry hull and ripe banana. Surprisingly weighty and round in the mouth. END
START HERE Blowsy and tropical, with aromatic flabbiness. The feel is acceptable and the flavors of papaya and dry white fruits bring some saucy, resiny qualities. Finishes with sappy, resiny oak notes and just enough Chardonnay character to not be disastrous.', 'The aromas and flavors of this wine are not too intense, with soft suggestions of strawberry hull and ripe banana. Surprisingly weighty and round in the mouth.', 'Gaseous and scrambled at first, with leathery aromas that mask the fruit component. Better later on, although it remains sulfuric and leathery, with confused cherry and raspberry flavors. Not much grace or precision, but not an overtly poor wine either. END
START HERE The aromas and flavors of this wine are not too intense, with soft suggestions of strawberry hull and ripe banana. Surprisingly weighty and round in the mouth.', 'Gaseous and scrambled at first, with leathery aromas that mask the fruit component. Better later on, although it remains sulfuric and leathery, with confused cherry and raspberry flavors. Not much grace or precision, but not an overtly poor wine either.', 'Literally friends and neighbors (the guys on the label dancing and playing an accordion), this wine is a light, soft blend of Groslot and Cabernet Franc from Anjou. It is light, strawberry-juice flavored, with green acidity. Ready to drink now. END
START HERE Gaseous and scrambled at first, with leathery aromas that mask the fruit component. Better later on, although it remains sulfuric and leathery, with confused cherry and raspberry flavors. Not much grace or precision, but not an overtly poor wine either.', 'Literally friends and neighbors (the guys on the label dancing and playing an accordion), this wine is a light, soft blend of Groslot and Cabernet Franc from Anjou. It is light, strawberry-juice flavored, with green acidity. Ready to drink now.', 'This blend of Viognier, Syrah and Mourvedre begins with a spicy but floral nose and is followed by ripe, forward fruit backed by black pepper and spice elements. Interesting and layered, the wine is affordable and ideal for everyday sipping. END
START HERE Literally friends and neighbors (the guys on the label dancing and playing an accordion), this wine is a light, soft blend of Groslot and Cabernet Franc from Anjou. It is light, strawberry-juice flavored, with green acidity. Ready to drink now.', 'This blend of Viognier, Syrah and Mourvedre begins with a spicy but floral nose and is followed by ripe, forward fruit backed by black pepper and spice elements. Interesting and layered, the wine is affordable and ideal for everyday sipping.', "A little sweet and simple, but for the price, a good approximation of Pinot Noir. It's rich in raspberry and cherry jam flavor. END
START HERE This blend of Viognier, Syrah and Mourvedre begins with a spicy but floral nose and is followed by ripe, forward fruit backed by black pepper and spice elements. Interesting and layered, the wine is affordable and ideal for everyday sipping.', "A little sweet and simple, but for the price, a good approximation of Pinot Noir. It's rich in raspberry and cherry jam flavor.", "Pithy and citrusy on the nose, but ultimately it's rather neutral. The palate is citric and lean, with orange, lemon and sour apple flavors. Zesty to the point of tartness, with a citrusy, juicy finish. A pointed SB with zing. END
START HERE A little sweet and simple, but for the price, a good approximation of Pinot Noir. It's rich in raspberry and cherry jam flavor.", "Pithy and citrusy on the nose, but ultimately it's rather neutral. The palate is citric and lean, with orange, lemon and sour apple flavors. Zesty to the point of tartness, with a citrusy, juicy finish. A pointed SB with zing.", "With fruit from coastal Leyda in the blend, this Curicó wine surprises with crisp, focused understatement. The mouth is fresh but basic, with juicy, perky apple and citrus flavors followed by a crisp, slightly pithy finish. Overachieves in the context of  Echeverria's past Sauvignon Blancs. END
START HERE Pithy and citrusy on the nose, but ultimately it's rather neutral. The palate is citric and lean, with orange, lemon and sour apple flavors. Zesty to the point of tartness, with a citrusy, juicy finish. A pointed SB with zing.", "With fruit from coastal Leyda in the blend, this Curicó wine surprises with crisp, focused understatement. The mouth is fresh but basic, with juicy, perky apple and citrus flavors followed by a crisp, slightly pithy finish. Overachieves in the context of  Echeverria's past Sauvignon Blancs.", 'Sourced from excellent Yakima Valley sites, fermented in stainless steel, and ripened perfectly to 13.5% alcohol, this juicy, fresh, fruit-laden wine captures the ideal mix of snappy citrus and luscious stone fruits. Delicious. END
START HERE With fruit from coastal Leyda in the blend, this Curicó wine surprises with crisp, focused understatement. The mouth is fresh but basic, with juicy, perky apple and citrus flavors followed by a crisp, slightly pithy finish. Overachieves in the context of  Echeverria's past Sauvignon Blancs.", 'Sourced from excellent Yakima Valley sites, fermented in stainless steel, and ripened perfectly to 13.5% alcohol, this juicy, fresh, fruit-laden wine captures the ideal mix of snappy citrus and luscious stone fruits. Delicious.', "Olive, herbs, black pepper and minerality accent core black cherry and berry aromas. It's a touch choppy and tight in the mouth, with decent structure and mildly herbal flavors of blackberry and plum. Finishes lightly herbal and easy. END
START HERE Sourced from excellent Yakima Valley sites, fermented in stainless steel, and ripened perfectly to 13.5% alcohol, this juicy, fresh, fruit-laden wine captures the ideal mix of snappy citrus and luscious stone fruits. Delicious.', "Olive, herbs, black pepper and minerality accent core black cherry and berry aromas. It's a touch choppy and tight in the mouth, with decent structure and mildly herbal flavors of blackberry and plum. Finishes lightly herbal and easy.", "Yes, it's a good price, but this SB from Mendocino has loads of green pepper and peach fuzz that overpower its otherwise varietally familiar acidity and texture. END
START HERE Olive, herbs, black pepper and minerality accent core black cherry and berry aromas. It's a touch choppy and tight in the mouth, with decent structure and mildly herbal flavors of blackberry and plum. Finishes lightly herbal and easy.", "Yes, it's a good price, but this SB from Mendocino has loads of green pepper and peach fuzz that overpower its otherwise varietally familiar acidity and texture.", "A gold color and flat nose are indicators that this doesn't have a lot of life to it. Creamy, baked, sweet aromas lead to a round, mellow palate with applesauce and creamy, lactic flavors. A sugary finish is low on acidic cut and is slightly cloying. END
START HERE Yes, it's a good price, but this SB from Mendocino has loads of green pepper and peach fuzz that overpower its otherwise varietally familiar acidity and texture.", "A gold color and flat nose are indicators that this doesn't have a lot of life to it. Creamy, baked, sweet aromas lead to a round, mellow palate with applesauce and creamy, lactic flavors. A sugary finish is low on acidic cut and is slightly cloying.", 'Aromas of tree bark, pencil eraser, olive, plum and berry fruits are solid. This is quite good for Maule Syrah. The acidity is lively and bracing, while plum and apple-skin flavors finish raw and grating. END
START HERE A gold color and flat nose are indicators that this doesn't have a lot of life to it. Creamy, baked, sweet aromas lead to a round, mellow palate with applesauce and creamy, lactic flavors. A sugary finish is low on acidic cut and is slightly cloying.", 'Aromas of tree bark, pencil eraser, olive, plum and berry fruits are solid. This is quite good for Maule Syrah. The acidity is lively and bracing, while plum and apple-skin flavors finish raw and grating.', 'Tasty fresh fruit, leaning toward grapefruit and pineapple, peach and lemon. Zesty and forward, it refreshes rather than fatigues the palate, and is perfect for sipping on a spring afternoon. Best Buy. END
START HERE Aromas of tree bark, pencil eraser, olive, plum and berry fruits are solid. This is quite good for Maule Syrah. The acidity is lively and bracing, while plum and apple-skin flavors finish raw and grating.', 'Tasty fresh fruit, leaning toward grapefruit and pineapple, peach and lemon. Zesty and forward, it refreshes rather than fatigues the palate, and is perfect for sipping on a spring afternoon. Best Buy.', "Honeysuckle notes waft gorgeously from this summery off-dry Riesling full of juicy tangerine and stone fruit flavors. Bright citrus acidity balances a palate that's rich and round with a waxy slick that lingers deliciously through the finish. END
START HERE Tasty fresh fruit, leaning toward grapefruit and pineapple, peach and lemon. Zesty and forward, it refreshes rather than fatigues the palate, and is perfect for sipping on a spring afternoon. Best Buy.', "Honeysuckle notes waft gorgeously from this summery off-dry Riesling full of juicy tangerine and stone fruit flavors. Bright citrus acidity balances a palate that's rich and round with a waxy slick that lingers deliciously through the finish.", "This blend of Nero d'Avola, Merlot and Syrah opens with aromas of  black-skinned berry and baking spice while the straightforward palate offers black cherry and white pepper alongside chewy tannins. It's made to be consumed young so enjoy soon. END
START HERE Honeysuckle notes waft gorgeously from this summery off-dry Riesling full of juicy tangerine and stone fruit flavors. Bright citrus acidity balances a palate that's rich and round with a waxy slick that lingers deliciously through the finish.", "This blend of Nero d'Avola, Merlot and Syrah opens with aromas of  black-skinned berry and baking spice while the straightforward palate offers black cherry and white pepper alongside chewy tannins. It's made to be consumed young so enjoy soon.", 'Bold and fruity, this ripe, smoky wine has red berry and blackberry fruit flavors cut with acidity. This blend is smooth in texture, with a full, rich fruitiness on the palate. It will age further, although the wine is ready to drink now. END
START HERE This blend of Nero d'Avola, Merlot and Syrah opens with aromas of  black-skinned berry and baking spice while the straightforward palate offers black cherry and white pepper alongside chewy tannins. It's made to be consumed young so enjoy soon.", 'Bold and fruity, this ripe, smoky wine has red berry and blackberry fruit flavors cut with acidity. This blend is smooth in texture, with a full, rich fruitiness on the palate. It will age further, although the wine is ready to drink now.', "Pretty standard Chardonnay. Shows the wine's cream, buttered toast and fruit flavors, but in a thin, simple way. END
START HERE Bold and fruity, this ripe, smoky wine has red berry and blackberry fruit flavors cut with acidity. This blend is smooth in texture, with a full, rich fruitiness on the palate. It will age further, although the wine is ready to drink now.', "Pretty standard Chardonnay. Shows the wine's cream, buttered toast and fruit flavors, but in a thin, simple way.", 'A thin, uninspiring wine with citrus and apple sauce flavors and lots of acidity. Tastes watered down, but will do in a pinch. END
START HERE Pretty standard Chardonnay. Shows the wine's cream, buttered toast and fruit flavors, but in a thin, simple way.", 'A thin, uninspiring wine with citrus and apple sauce flavors and lots of acidity. Tastes watered down, but will do in a pinch.', 'With a light caramel taste, this is a fat while still fruity wine. Salmon pink in color, it has acidity that fits behind the ripe red plum flavors. It should be drunk now. END
START HERE A thin, uninspiring wine with citrus and apple sauce flavors and lots of acidity. Tastes watered down, but will do in a pinch.', 'With a light caramel taste, this is a fat while still fruity wine. Salmon pink in color, it has acidity that fits behind the ripe red plum flavors. It should be drunk now.', 'Soft, simple and a little overripe, with baked cherry and black currant flavors. Finishes dry and tannic. END
START HERE With a light caramel taste, this is a fat while still fruity wine. Salmon pink in color, it has acidity that fits behind the ripe red plum flavors. It should be drunk now.', 'Soft, simple and a little overripe, with baked cherry and black currant flavors. Finishes dry and tannic.', "Heavily dominated by wood aging, this wine should be showing its fruit by now, but isn't. It has bitterness, layers of spice and smoky wood. Only the aftertaste brings some freshness and acidity. END
START HERE Soft, simple and a little overripe, with baked cherry and black currant flavors. Finishes dry and tannic.', "Heavily dominated by wood aging, this wine should be showing its fruit by now, but isn't. It has bitterness, layers of spice and smoky wood. Only the aftertaste brings some freshness and acidity.", 'Watery and sweet, with apricot and orange jam flavors. END
START HERE Heavily dominated by wood aging, this wine should be showing its fruit by now, but isn't. It has bitterness, layers of spice and smoky wood. Only the aftertaste brings some freshness and acidity.", 'Watery and sweet, with apricot and orange jam flavors.', 'Fresh mint and menthol notes lend a herbaceous tone to this dry, slightly grassy Riesling. Lemon and lime flavors are brisk and clean on the palate. END
START HERE Watery and sweet, with apricot and orange jam flavors.', 'Fresh mint and menthol notes lend a herbaceous tone to this dry, slightly grassy Riesling. Lemon and lime flavors are brisk and clean on the palate.', 'Berry aromas come in front of a sharp, plummy palate. This tastes herbal, spicy and woody, with dry berry flavors that turn tangy, edgy and oaky on the finish. END
START HERE Fresh mint and menthol notes lend a herbaceous tone to this dry, slightly grassy Riesling. Lemon and lime flavors are brisk and clean on the palate.', 'Berry aromas come in front of a sharp, plummy palate. This tastes herbal, spicy and woody, with dry berry flavors that turn tangy, edgy and oaky on the finish.', "Aromas of watermelon and a dusting of natural vanilla mark the bouquet. On the palate, it's fleshy but still crisp and focused, with nectarine, red apple and strawberry flavors. The finish lasts, with some sweetness. END
START HERE Berry aromas come in front of a sharp, plummy palate. This tastes herbal, spicy and woody, with dry berry flavors that turn tangy, edgy and oaky on the finish.', "Aromas of watermelon and a dusting of natural vanilla mark the bouquet. On the palate, it's fleshy but still crisp and focused, with nectarine, red apple and strawberry flavors. The finish lasts, with some sweetness.", 'Fresh and tangy, with little or no oak influence, this refreshing, crisp white wine will be very versatile with or without food. It has citrus aromas, green apple flavors and a nicely tart finish. END
START HERE Aromas of watermelon and a dusting of natural vanilla mark the bouquet. On the palate, it's fleshy but still crisp and focused, with nectarine, red apple and strawberry flavors. The finish lasts, with some sweetness.", 'Fresh and tangy, with little or no oak influence, this refreshing, crisp white wine will be very versatile with or without food. It has citrus aromas, green apple flavors and a nicely tart finish.', 'A fresh, simple wine with an edge of earthiness and flavors of soft caramel and apricot skin. There is a green herbal character leading into the light, crisp finish. END
START HERE Fresh and tangy, with little or no oak influence, this refreshing, crisp white wine will be very versatile with or without food. It has citrus aromas, green apple flavors and a nicely tart finish.', 'A fresh, simple wine with an edge of earthiness and flavors of soft caramel and apricot skin. There is a green herbal character leading into the light, crisp finish.', 'Soft grass, green gooseberry and a hint of fig unfold on the nose, while ripe green plum and lime rind fill the medium-weight mouth. Clean and easy to drink; pair with crab salad canapés. END
START HERE A fresh, simple wine with an edge of earthiness and flavors of soft caramel and apricot skin. There is a green herbal character leading into the light, crisp finish.', 'Soft grass, green gooseberry and a hint of fig unfold on the nose, while ripe green plum and lime rind fill the medium-weight mouth. Clean and easy to drink; pair with crab salad canapés.', 'Basic apple and citrus aromas are dusty and straightforward. This feels citrusy and fresh, with little to no oak. Flavors of nectarine, white grapefruit and orange finish firm and fresh. END
START HERE Soft grass, green gooseberry and a hint of fig unfold on the nose, while ripe green plum and lime rind fill the medium-weight mouth. Clean and easy to drink; pair with crab salad canapés.', 'Basic apple and citrus aromas are dusty and straightforward. This feels citrusy and fresh, with little to no oak. Flavors of nectarine, white grapefruit and orange finish firm and fresh.', 'This garnet-colored Bulgarian Cabernet Sauvignon has aromas of black cherry and wet river rock. In the mouth, there are flavors of black plum, black cherry and a touch of graphite before the smooth tannic finish. END
START HERE Basic apple and citrus aromas are dusty and straightforward. This feels citrusy and fresh, with little to no oak. Flavors of nectarine, white grapefruit and orange finish firm and fresh.', 'This garnet-colored Bulgarian Cabernet Sauvignon has aromas of black cherry and wet river rock. In the mouth, there are flavors of black plum, black cherry and a touch of graphite before the smooth tannic finish.', "This is tasty stuff, not only because it has the prettiest lemon and lime tastes, but the crisp acidity makes it lively on the palate. It's dryish, with a honeyed, ripe sweetness that lasts long into the finish. END
START HERE This garnet-colored Bulgarian Cabernet Sauvignon has aromas of black cherry and wet river rock. In the mouth, there are flavors of black plum, black cherry and a touch of graphite before the smooth tannic finish.', "This is tasty stuff, not only because it has the prettiest lemon and lime tastes, but the crisp acidity makes it lively on the palate. It's dryish, with a honeyed, ripe sweetness that lasts long into the finish.", 'Sweet and baked smelling, with foxy core aromas that suggest wet dog fur. The palate is loud and wild, with foxy, unsettled flavors of wild berry and cherry. Runs low on layering, structure and body, but it is lively. END
START HERE This is tasty stuff, not only because it has the prettiest lemon and lime tastes, but the crisp acidity makes it lively on the palate. It's dryish, with a honeyed, ripe sweetness that lasts long into the finish.", 'Sweet and baked smelling, with foxy core aromas that suggest wet dog fur. The palate is loud and wild, with foxy, unsettled flavors of wild berry and cherry. Runs low on layering, structure and body, but it is lively.', 'Horsey plum and pie cherry aromas include a whiff of latex gloves and Band-Aid. This feels rather raw and acidic, with bite. Salty sharp red-fruit flavors finish herbal, with tartaric shear. END
START HERE Sweet and baked smelling, with foxy core aromas that suggest wet dog fur. The palate is loud and wild, with foxy, unsettled flavors of wild berry and cherry. Runs low on layering, structure and body, but it is lively.', 'Horsey plum and pie cherry aromas include a whiff of latex gloves and Band-Aid. This feels rather raw and acidic, with bite. Salty sharp red-fruit flavors finish herbal, with tartaric shear.', 'Simple, crisp and clean, this tastes like grapefruit juice, and a squeeze of lime, plus hints of honey and vanilla. END
START HERE Horsey plum and pie cherry aromas include a whiff of latex gloves and Band-Aid. This feels rather raw and acidic, with bite. Salty sharp red-fruit flavors finish herbal, with tartaric shear.', 'Simple, crisp and clean, this tastes like grapefruit juice, and a squeeze of lime, plus hints of honey and vanilla.', 'A classic Washington tasting-room Riesling—only better. Opulent and fruity, with apricots, star anise, mint, a very nice spicy streak that lifts it up, and adds a lot of complexity. Smooth and supple, it coats the palate, captures some floral highlights, even a bit of marshmallow. END
START HERE Simple, crisp and clean, this tastes like grapefruit juice, and a squeeze of lime, plus hints of honey and vanilla.', 'A classic Washington tasting-room Riesling—only better. Opulent and fruity, with apricots, star anise, mint, a very nice spicy streak that lifts it up, and adds a lot of complexity. Smooth and supple, it coats the palate, captures some floral highlights, even a bit of marshmallow.', 'This soft fruity wine has a candied character. It is light, crisp and ready to drink. Produced from Malbec, it just hints at the tannins natural to the grape, preferring fruitiness and acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE A classic Washington tasting-room Riesling—only better. Opulent and fruity, with apricots, star anise, mint, a very nice spicy streak that lifts it up, and adds a lot of complexity. Smooth and supple, it coats the palate, captures some floral highlights, even a bit of marshmallow.', 'This soft fruity wine has a candied character. It is light, crisp and ready to drink. Produced from Malbec, it just hints at the tannins natural to the grape, preferring fruitiness and acidity. Drink now.', 'Fresh minerality and dancing floral notes make the nose on this reserve Riesling enticing. On the palate, typical Riesling flavors of spice and flowers are slightly slowed by a viscous, heavier mouthfeel, but overall, the wine is harmonious. Great with a spicy Indian dish like Vindaloo—it could hold its own. END
START HERE This soft fruity wine has a candied character. It is light, crisp and ready to drink. Produced from Malbec, it just hints at the tannins natural to the grape, preferring fruitiness and acidity. Drink now.', 'Fresh minerality and dancing floral notes make the nose on this reserve Riesling enticing. On the palate, typical Riesling flavors of spice and flowers are slightly slowed by a viscous, heavier mouthfeel, but overall, the wine is harmonious. Great with a spicy Indian dish like Vindaloo—it could hold its own.', "Slight in aroma at first, this wine slowly reveals a waft of lemon. It's light in flavor, and it delivers crispness, with a hint of oak on the finish. END
START HERE Fresh minerality and dancing floral notes make the nose on this reserve Riesling enticing. On the palate, typical Riesling flavors of spice and flowers are slightly slowed by a viscous, heavier mouthfeel, but overall, the wine is harmonious. Great with a spicy Indian dish like Vindaloo—it could hold its own.', "Slight in aroma at first, this wine slowly reveals a waft of lemon. It's light in flavor, and it delivers crispness, with a hint of oak on the finish.", 'Pineapple, sulfur and matchstick, and finally some woody toast steer the bouquet. The palate is big and blowsy, with toasty baked apple and pineapple flavors. Finishes sweet, with honey and a sprinkle of white pepper. Yet another sweet, resiny, basic Chardonnay from Chile. END
START HERE Slight in aroma at first, this wine slowly reveals a waft of lemon. It's light in flavor, and it delivers crispness, with a hint of oak on the finish.", 'Pineapple, sulfur and matchstick, and finally some woody toast steer the bouquet. The palate is big and blowsy, with toasty baked apple and pineapple flavors. Finishes sweet, with honey and a sprinkle of white pepper. Yet another sweet, resiny, basic Chardonnay from Chile.', 'Briny citrus and grapefruit aromas are controlled. This feels simple and a bit hollow, while pyrazine-based flavors of grapefruit and green veggies finish bland, with lingering citrus notes. END
START HERE Pineapple, sulfur and matchstick, and finally some woody toast steer the bouquet. The palate is big and blowsy, with toasty baked apple and pineapple flavors. Finishes sweet, with honey and a sprinkle of white pepper. Yet another sweet, resiny, basic Chardonnay from Chile.', 'Briny citrus and grapefruit aromas are controlled. This feels simple and a bit hollow, while pyrazine-based flavors of grapefruit and green veggies finish bland, with lingering citrus notes.', "Wiry herbal aromas of blueberry and currant lead to an acidic citrusy palate that's choppy and a bit rough. Quick-hitting plum and currant flavors are herbal before hollowing out on a zesty, tannic finish. END
START HERE Briny citrus and grapefruit aromas are controlled. This feels simple and a bit hollow, while pyrazine-based flavors of grapefruit and green veggies finish bland, with lingering citrus notes.', "Wiry herbal aromas of blueberry and currant lead to an acidic citrusy palate that's choppy and a bit rough. Quick-hitting plum and currant flavors are herbal before hollowing out on a zesty, tannic finish.", 'Aromatic and elegant, generous and supple, this tastes rich while feeling polished and complete. An enticing, light aroma of oaky spice and raspberry mixes with tasty red cherry and black currant flavors on the palate. It is medium bodied, smooth in texture, and has a mild finish. END
START HERE Wiry herbal aromas of blueberry and currant lead to an acidic citrusy palate that's choppy and a bit rough. Quick-hitting plum and currant flavors are herbal before hollowing out on a zesty, tannic finish.", 'Aromatic and elegant, generous and supple, this tastes rich while feeling polished and complete. An enticing, light aroma of oaky spice and raspberry mixes with tasty red cherry and black currant flavors on the palate. It is medium bodied, smooth in texture, and has a mild finish.', 'This is prototypical Gisborne Chardonnay, featuring a whack of spicy oak and buttered popcorn allied to tropical-fruit and peach flavors, brought into focus by mild citrus (tangerine) on the finish. A very fruity and somewhat simple style, yet executed perfectly. END
START HERE Aromatic and elegant, generous and supple, this tastes rich while feeling polished and complete. An enticing, light aroma of oaky spice and raspberry mixes with tasty red cherry and black currant flavors on the palate. It is medium bodied, smooth in texture, and has a mild finish.', 'This is prototypical Gisborne Chardonnay, featuring a whack of spicy oak and buttered popcorn allied to tropical-fruit and peach flavors, brought into focus by mild citrus (tangerine) on the finish. A very fruity and somewhat simple style, yet executed perfectly.', 'This bend of 70% Syrah and 30% Grenache is nevertheless very pale in hue. the nose hints at wet stone, thyme and bay leaf, while the medium-bodied palate delivers a harmonious blend of red berries and citrus. Long on the finish, with mouthwatering persistence. END
START HERE This is prototypical Gisborne Chardonnay, featuring a whack of spicy oak and buttered popcorn allied to tropical-fruit and peach flavors, brought into focus by mild citrus (tangerine) on the finish. A very fruity and somewhat simple style, yet executed perfectly.', 'This bend of 70% Syrah and 30% Grenache is nevertheless very pale in hue. the nose hints at wet stone, thyme and bay leaf, while the medium-bodied palate delivers a harmonious blend of red berries and citrus. Long on the finish, with mouthwatering persistence.', "Don't let the label mislead you; this is not a dessert wine. It's off-dry, with a pretty suite of lemon, orange and citrus peel flavors. A whiff of tea runs through the aromas, and a bit of lemon oil in the finish. END
START HERE This bend of 70% Syrah and 30% Grenache is nevertheless very pale in hue. the nose hints at wet stone, thyme and bay leaf, while the medium-bodied palate delivers a harmonious blend of red berries and citrus. Long on the finish, with mouthwatering persistence.', "Don't let the label mislead you; this is not a dessert wine. It's off-dry, with a pretty suite of lemon, orange and citrus peel flavors. A whiff of tea runs through the aromas, and a bit of lemon oil in the finish.", 'Made off-dry, with a sugary edge to the citrus, apple and flower flavors. The acidity is tingly. Okay for an everyday sipper if you like your white wines sweet. END
START HERE Don't let the label mislead you; this is not a dessert wine. It's off-dry, with a pretty suite of lemon, orange and citrus peel flavors. A whiff of tea runs through the aromas, and a bit of lemon oil in the finish.", 'Made off-dry, with a sugary edge to the citrus, apple and flower flavors. The acidity is tingly. Okay for an everyday sipper if you like your white wines sweet.', 'Four years running this wine has scored 87 and been a Best Buy. The bouquet is scratchy but nicely aromatic, including hints of spice to go with ripe berry scents. The palate is jammy and home to rooty berry, mild spice and very light oak flavors. The finish is a bit hot and fiery, which food will tame. END
START HERE Made off-dry, with a sugary edge to the citrus, apple and flower flavors. The acidity is tingly. Okay for an everyday sipper if you like your white wines sweet.', 'Four years running this wine has scored 87 and been a Best Buy. The bouquet is scratchy but nicely aromatic, including hints of spice to go with ripe berry scents. The palate is jammy and home to rooty berry, mild spice and very light oak flavors. The finish is a bit hot and fiery, which food will tame.', "From the small Coteaux Varois, a hilly region in central Provence, this is a crisp mineral-textured wine. It has lively acidity, citrus zest and a touch of red currants. It's a real food rosé. Ready now. END
START HERE Four years running this wine has scored 87 and been a Best Buy. The bouquet is scratchy but nicely aromatic, including hints of spice to go with ripe berry scents. The palate is jammy and home to rooty berry, mild spice and very light oak flavors. The finish is a bit hot and fiery, which food will tame.', "From the small Coteaux Varois, a hilly region in central Provence, this is a crisp mineral-textured wine. It has lively acidity, citrus zest and a touch of red currants. It's a real food rosé. Ready now.", 'Made with Sangiovese and 5% Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with aromas of violet, blackberry and a whiff of baking spice. The fresh, easy-drinking palate offers juicy black cherry, clove and a hint of ground espresso alongside supple tannins. END
START HERE From the small Coteaux Varois, a hilly region in central Provence, this is a crisp mineral-textured wine. It has lively acidity, citrus zest and a touch of red currants. It's a real food rosé. Ready now.", 'Made with Sangiovese and 5% Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with aromas of violet, blackberry and a whiff of baking spice. The fresh, easy-drinking palate offers juicy black cherry, clove and a hint of ground espresso alongside supple tannins.', "A rustic, common wine; it's not quite ripe, and is hot in alcohol and pepper. But it's okay for everyday pizza and such. END
START HERE Made with Sangiovese and 5% Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with aromas of violet, blackberry and a whiff of baking spice. The fresh, easy-drinking palate offers juicy black cherry, clove and a hint of ground espresso alongside supple tannins.', "A rustic, common wine; it's not quite ripe, and is hot in alcohol and pepper. But it's okay for everyday pizza and such.", 'Thin and earthy, this is Pinot Noir at its most herbal, with no fruit in sight. END
START HERE A rustic, common wine; it's not quite ripe, and is hot in alcohol and pepper. But it's okay for everyday pizza and such.", 'Thin and earthy, this is Pinot Noir at its most herbal, with no fruit in sight.', 'Review text not available at this time. END
START HERE Thin and earthy, this is Pinot Noir at its most herbal, with no fruit in sight.', 'Review text not available at this time.', 'For everyday consumption, this is good Cabernet with rousing fruit, body and pulse. The nose has smoke, rubber, pepper and cured meat to go with berry and cassis aromas, and the palate is very fruity, driving and loaded with flavorful cherry, raspberry and plum fruit. Not refined but good and honest. END
START HERE Review text not available at this time.', 'For everyday consumption, this is good Cabernet with rousing fruit, body and pulse. The nose has smoke, rubber, pepper and cured meat to go with berry and cassis aromas, and the palate is very fruity, driving and loaded with flavorful cherry, raspberry and plum fruit. Not refined but good and honest.', 'Quite tannic and herbal, this is no match for the previous vintage. Barely ripe, with a bitter edge to the finish. END
START HERE For everyday consumption, this is good Cabernet with rousing fruit, body and pulse. The nose has smoke, rubber, pepper and cured meat to go with berry and cassis aromas, and the palate is very fruity, driving and loaded with flavorful cherry, raspberry and plum fruit. Not refined but good and honest.', 'Quite tannic and herbal, this is no match for the previous vintage. Barely ripe, with a bitter edge to the finish.', "Despite the fact that this smells green, it scores points in the mouth, where it's dense and chewy. This also tastes green and highly herbal, but it's full across the palate, with a sense of richness that helps offset the wine's bell-pepper character. END
START HERE Quite tannic and herbal, this is no match for the previous vintage. Barely ripe, with a bitter edge to the finish.', "Despite the fact that this smells green, it scores points in the mouth, where it's dense and chewy. This also tastes green and highly herbal, but it's full across the palate, with a sense of richness that helps offset the wine's bell-pepper character.", 'For value-priced Pinot, give this its props for being fair and consistent with past vintages. On the nose, this smells a bit furry and spicy, with meaty plum and tea notes. A medium-bodied palate feels a touch resiny, while this tastes of spice, wood and ripe red fruits. END
START HERE Despite the fact that this smells green, it scores points in the mouth, where it's dense and chewy. This also tastes green and highly herbal, but it's full across the palate, with a sense of richness that helps offset the wine's bell-pepper character.", 'For value-priced Pinot, give this its props for being fair and consistent with past vintages. On the nose, this smells a bit furry and spicy, with meaty plum and tea notes. A medium-bodied palate feels a touch resiny, while this tastes of spice, wood and ripe red fruits.', "Well-crafted and fruity, this has a fresh character that allows room for red berry flavors. It's a ripe wine, keeping freshness while bringing in a warmer, caramel character. END
START HERE For value-priced Pinot, give this its props for being fair and consistent with past vintages. On the nose, this smells a bit furry and spicy, with meaty plum and tea notes. A medium-bodied palate feels a touch resiny, while this tastes of spice, wood and ripe red fruits.', "Well-crafted and fruity, this has a fresh character that allows room for red berry flavors. It's a ripe wine, keeping freshness while bringing in a warmer, caramel character.", 'Rooty aromas of prune, berry and rubber band settle on a pleasant, bouncy palate with rubbery tannins. Spice, black pepper, cherry and raspberry flavors end with clove, a touch of sweet oak and juicy acidity. This is uncomplicated but well made. END
START HERE Well-crafted and fruity, this has a fresh character that allows room for red berry flavors. It's a ripe wine, keeping freshness while bringing in a warmer, caramel character.", 'Rooty aromas of prune, berry and rubber band settle on a pleasant, bouncy palate with rubbery tannins. Spice, black pepper, cherry and raspberry flavors end with clove, a touch of sweet oak and juicy acidity. This is uncomplicated but well made.', 'This fun, fresh Xinomavro from Greece maintains poise between easygoing red fruit and a more serious, spicy backbone. Red cherry, strawberry, leather and pepper lead. A great everyday red with some exotic character. END
START HERE Rooty aromas of prune, berry and rubber band settle on a pleasant, bouncy palate with rubbery tannins. Spice, black pepper, cherry and raspberry flavors end with clove, a touch of sweet oak and juicy acidity. This is uncomplicated but well made.', 'This fun, fresh Xinomavro from Greece maintains poise between easygoing red fruit and a more serious, spicy backbone. Red cherry, strawberry, leather and pepper lead. A great everyday red with some exotic character.', "Bramble, leather and red fruit make for a decent nose, while the palate is basically deep and fruity, with an emphasis on blackberry and cherry flavors. For the most part the wine has structure and feel, although there's a spot of bitterness on the finish. END
START HERE This fun, fresh Xinomavro from Greece maintains poise between easygoing red fruit and a more serious, spicy backbone. Red cherry, strawberry, leather and pepper lead. A great everyday red with some exotic character.', "Bramble, leather and red fruit make for a decent nose, while the palate is basically deep and fruity, with an emphasis on blackberry and cherry flavors. For the most part the wine has structure and feel, although there's a spot of bitterness on the finish.", "A little rustic and sharp, but perfectly okay if you're looking for an everyday Cab to elevate simple fare. It shows black currant and oak flavors, and is thoroughly dry. END
START HERE Bramble, leather and red fruit make for a decent nose, while the palate is basically deep and fruity, with an emphasis on blackberry and cherry flavors. For the most part the wine has structure and feel, although there's a spot of bitterness on the finish.", "A little rustic and sharp, but perfectly okay if you're looking for an everyday Cab to elevate simple fare. It shows black currant and oak flavors, and is thoroughly dry.", 'Dull, waxy and smelling of overcooked vegetables, this admirably full-bodied effort is just too green to be considered good. END
START HERE A little rustic and sharp, but perfectly okay if you're looking for an everyday Cab to elevate simple fare. It shows black currant and oak flavors, and is thoroughly dry.", 'Dull, waxy and smelling of overcooked vegetables, this admirably full-bodied effort is just too green to be considered good.', 'This has candied raspberry and pink bubble gum flavors. Direct and easy. END
START HERE Dull, waxy and smelling of overcooked vegetables, this admirably full-bodied effort is just too green to be considered good.', 'This has candied raspberry and pink bubble gum flavors. Direct and easy.', 'Simple and tart, this has green mint and sour cherry-candy flavors. END
START HERE This has candied raspberry and pink bubble gum flavors. Direct and easy.', 'Simple and tart, this has green mint and sour cherry-candy flavors.', 'This wine offers a somewhat untoward combination of herbs, nori, tire rubber and blue fruit. Flavors are sharp-edged backed by chalky tannins. END
START HERE Simple and tart, this has green mint and sour cherry-candy flavors.', 'This wine offers a somewhat untoward combination of herbs, nori, tire rubber and blue fruit. Flavors are sharp-edged backed by chalky tannins.', "Sweet and a little foxy on the nose, with secondary aromas of air freshener. The flavors are a touch brambly and herbal, while the palate is flush and chewy but also a little tannic and choppy. Doesn't seem as thought this is as structured and serious as it was, say, four or five years ago. END
START HERE This wine offers a somewhat untoward combination of herbs, nori, tire rubber and blue fruit. Flavors are sharp-edged backed by chalky tannins.', "Sweet and a little foxy on the nose, with secondary aromas of air freshener. The flavors are a touch brambly and herbal, while the palate is flush and chewy but also a little tannic and choppy. Doesn't seem as thought this is as structured and serious as it was, say, four or five years ago.", 'Citrus and red-fruit aromas make for an attractive, perfumed wine. On the palate, a fresh character comes from the red currant and raspberry fruits. It is light and bright with a tight, mineral aftertaste. END
START HERE Sweet and a little foxy on the nose, with secondary aromas of air freshener. The flavors are a touch brambly and herbal, while the palate is flush and chewy but also a little tannic and choppy. Doesn't seem as thought this is as structured and serious as it was, say, four or five years ago.", 'Citrus and red-fruit aromas make for an attractive, perfumed wine. On the palate, a fresh character comes from the red currant and raspberry fruits. It is light and bright with a tight, mineral aftertaste.', 'This crisp, citrusy Chardonnay is zesty and refreshing. It avoids any sense of heaviness, finishing on a tart, lemony note. END
START HERE Citrus and red-fruit aromas make for an attractive, perfumed wine. On the palate, a fresh character comes from the red currant and raspberry fruits. It is light and bright with a tight, mineral aftertaste.', 'This crisp, citrusy Chardonnay is zesty and refreshing. It avoids any sense of heaviness, finishing on a tart, lemony note.', 'Pink in color, this is a full wine that misses out on freshness. It is clean with ripe strawberry fruits, but it feels fat and heavy. Screwcap. END
START HERE This crisp, citrusy Chardonnay is zesty and refreshing. It avoids any sense of heaviness, finishing on a tart, lemony note.', 'Pink in color, this is a full wine that misses out on freshness. It is clean with ripe strawberry fruits, but it feels fat and heavy. Screwcap.', 'Celery and watermelon flavors give this pale pink, medium-bodied wine an herbal character. With a good balance between crispness and smoothness, it tastes refeshing and leaves a lingering finish. END
START HERE Pink in color, this is a full wine that misses out on freshness. It is clean with ripe strawberry fruits, but it feels fat and heavy. Screwcap.', 'Celery and watermelon flavors give this pale pink, medium-bodied wine an herbal character. With a good balance between crispness and smoothness, it tastes refeshing and leaves a lingering finish.', 'This is minty and light, with a soft texture and red cherry tones. The finish turns overtly earthy, even barnyard-like. END
START HERE Celery and watermelon flavors give this pale pink, medium-bodied wine an herbal character. With a good balance between crispness and smoothness, it tastes refeshing and leaves a lingering finish.', 'This is minty and light, with a soft texture and red cherry tones. The finish turns overtly earthy, even barnyard-like.', 'The wine seems flat. It has the red fruits and acidity, but they seem flabby and dull. END
START HERE This is minty and light, with a soft texture and red cherry tones. The finish turns overtly earthy, even barnyard-like.', 'The wine seems flat. It has the red fruits and acidity, but they seem flabby and dull.', 'Stalky aromas are green and low on pleasantries. This has a sticky, dense feel, with flavors of char, sweet plastic, peppery berry and weeds. An oaky, herbal finish tastes candied and feels hot. END
START HERE The wine seems flat. It has the red fruits and acidity, but they seem flabby and dull.', 'Stalky aromas are green and low on pleasantries. This has a sticky, dense feel, with flavors of char, sweet plastic, peppery berry and weeds. An oaky, herbal finish tastes candied and feels hot.', 'This rosé, a blend of Cinsault and Syrah, is a rather low-intensity offering with minor notes of red cherry and berry fruit accented by a white chocolate creaminess in the mouth. A versatile food wine with medium weight and an overall easiness. END
START HERE Stalky aromas are green and low on pleasantries. This has a sticky, dense feel, with flavors of char, sweet plastic, peppery berry and weeds. An oaky, herbal finish tastes candied and feels hot.', 'This rosé, a blend of Cinsault and Syrah, is a rather low-intensity offering with minor notes of red cherry and berry fruit accented by a white chocolate creaminess in the mouth. A versatile food wine with medium weight and an overall easiness.', 'From the far east of the Bordeaux vineyards, this is a soft wine that is already drinkable. It has red berry fruits, fresh acidity and a lightly tannic structure. Drink now and until 2016. END
START HERE This rosé, a blend of Cinsault and Syrah, is a rather low-intensity offering with minor notes of red cherry and berry fruit accented by a white chocolate creaminess in the mouth. A versatile food wine with medium weight and an overall easiness.', 'From the far east of the Bordeaux vineyards, this is a soft wine that is already drinkable. It has red berry fruits, fresh acidity and a lightly tannic structure. Drink now and until 2016.', "Smells clipped, tough and oily, with a hardness to the bouquet. The palate is fleshy and wet, with reasonably fresh melon and papaya flavors. Finishes pithy and slightly bitter, and overall it's barely a good wine on its best day. END
START HERE From the far east of the Bordeaux vineyards, this is a soft wine that is already drinkable. It has red berry fruits, fresh acidity and a lightly tannic structure. Drink now and until 2016.', "Smells clipped, tough and oily, with a hardness to the bouquet. The palate is fleshy and wet, with reasonably fresh melon and papaya flavors. Finishes pithy and slightly bitter, and overall it's barely a good wine on its best day.", 'A decent, everyday red for easy drinking with meats, cheeses and pasta. A blend of Syrah, Cabernet, Petite Sirah and Viognier, which gives a lemony brightness to the berry flavors. END
START HERE Smells clipped, tough and oily, with a hardness to the bouquet. The palate is fleshy and wet, with reasonably fresh melon and papaya flavors. Finishes pithy and slightly bitter, and overall it's barely a good wine on its best day.", 'A decent, everyday red for easy drinking with meats, cheeses and pasta. A blend of Syrah, Cabernet, Petite Sirah and Viognier, which gives a lemony brightness to the berry flavors.', "A little bitter and sharp around the edges, but there's a nice core of blackberry and black currant fruit, and the finish is fully dry. Will provide pleasant drinking over the next 1–2 years, at an everyday price. END
START HERE A decent, everyday red for easy drinking with meats, cheeses and pasta. A blend of Syrah, Cabernet, Petite Sirah and Viognier, which gives a lemony brightness to the berry flavors.', "A little bitter and sharp around the edges, but there's a nice core of blackberry and black currant fruit, and the finish is fully dry. Will provide pleasant drinking over the next 1–2 years, at an everyday price.", 'This is flat, oily and waxy on the nose, which indicates that this 2010 offering is past its prime. Melony flavors are soft and bready, and the feel is flabby and on its way to expiring. END
START HERE A little bitter and sharp around the edges, but there's a nice core of blackberry and black currant fruit, and the finish is fully dry. Will provide pleasant drinking over the next 1–2 years, at an everyday price.", 'This is flat, oily and waxy on the nose, which indicates that this 2010 offering is past its prime. Melony flavors are soft and bready, and the feel is flabby and on its way to expiring.', 'A tight, stalky wine, showing black currant and dark plum fruits, intense acidity and a dry, tannic character. It feels light, without great density, very up front and fruity. END
START HERE This is flat, oily and waxy on the nose, which indicates that this 2010 offering is past its prime. Melony flavors are soft and bready, and the feel is flabby and on its way to expiring.', 'A tight, stalky wine, showing black currant and dark plum fruits, intense acidity and a dry, tannic character. It feels light, without great density, very up front and fruity.', 'A sharp, rustic wine, sweet in sugary raspberry, cherry and crunchy almond granola flavors. END
START HERE A tight, stalky wine, showing black currant and dark plum fruits, intense acidity and a dry, tannic character. It feels light, without great density, very up front and fruity.', 'A sharp, rustic wine, sweet in sugary raspberry, cherry and crunchy almond granola flavors.', 'Simple, soft and watery, this has a sweet raspberry flavor. The blend is Pinot Noir, Zinfandel and Merlot. END
START HERE A sharp, rustic wine, sweet in sugary raspberry, cherry and crunchy almond granola flavors.', 'Simple, soft and watery, this has a sweet raspberry flavor. The blend is Pinot Noir, Zinfandel and Merlot.', 'Sappy volatile berry and plum aromas lead to sharp citric palate. This tastes of sour plum and herbs, while oaky spice and clove notes rise up on the finish. END
START HERE Simple, soft and watery, this has a sweet raspberry flavor. The blend is Pinot Noir, Zinfandel and Merlot.', 'Sappy volatile berry and plum aromas lead to sharp citric palate. This tastes of sour plum and herbs, while oaky spice and clove notes rise up on the finish.', 'This Lodi wine has a whirl of smoky, oaky flavors, plus a not entirely pleasant green tinge to its finish. END
START HERE Sappy volatile berry and plum aromas lead to sharp citric palate. This tastes of sour plum and herbs, while oaky spice and clove notes rise up on the finish.', 'This Lodi wine has a whirl of smoky, oaky flavors, plus a not entirely pleasant green tinge to its finish.', 'Densely textured, this has firm and dark tannins. Powerful notes of rich berry and stone fruit give weight to this concentrated wine. This needs time to age. END
START HERE This Lodi wine has a whirl of smoky, oaky flavors, plus a not entirely pleasant green tinge to its finish.', 'Densely textured, this has firm and dark tannins. Powerful notes of rich berry and stone fruit give weight to this concentrated wine. This needs time to age.', "You won't find much fruit in this Merlot, but you will find tons of white pepper. There is a flavor of sour cherry candy, and the palate is dry and austere. END
START HERE Densely textured, this has firm and dark tannins. Powerful notes of rich berry and stone fruit give weight to this concentrated wine. This needs time to age.', "You won't find much fruit in this Merlot, but you will find tons of white pepper. There is a flavor of sour cherry candy, and the palate is dry and austere.", 'With soft tannins and fresh fruits, this light, crisp wine has a red fruit-flavored character that is intense in its acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE You won't find much fruit in this Merlot, but you will find tons of white pepper. There is a flavor of sour cherry candy, and the palate is dry and austere.", 'With soft tannins and fresh fruits, this light, crisp wine has a red fruit-flavored character that is intense in its acidity. Drink now.', 'Simple and slightly sweet, this has flavors of raspberry, sour cherry candy and mint. END
START HERE With soft tannins and fresh fruits, this light, crisp wine has a red fruit-flavored character that is intense in its acidity. Drink now.', 'Simple and slightly sweet, this has flavors of raspberry, sour cherry candy and mint.', 'White pepper dominates the smell, and the flavor is primarily of candied lemons. END
START HERE Simple and slightly sweet, this has flavors of raspberry, sour cherry candy and mint.', 'White pepper dominates the smell, and the flavor is primarily of candied lemons.', "Value-level Chardonnay has never really been Argentina's strong suit, but this fuller-bodied version is pretty good. It starts with citrus, orange peel and some dusty scents, which are backed by melon, apple and citrus flavors. It finishes with some pithy bitterness but overall it's nice for Mendoza Chardonnay. END
START HERE White pepper dominates the smell, and the flavor is primarily of candied lemons.', "Value-level Chardonnay has never really been Argentina's strong suit, but this fuller-bodied version is pretty good. It starts with citrus, orange peel and some dusty scents, which are backed by melon, apple and citrus flavors. It finishes with some pithy bitterness but overall it's nice for Mendoza Chardonnay.", 'Nice and ripe, with light whiffs of olive and herbs and strong berry fruit aromas. The palate is pure Maipo, meaning it blends herbal notes with black fruits, especially cassis. Firm in structure, stout on the finish, and ends with a hint of chocolate. END
START HERE Value-level Chardonnay has never really been Argentina's strong suit, but this fuller-bodied version is pretty good. It starts with citrus, orange peel and some dusty scents, which are backed by melon, apple and citrus flavors. It finishes with some pithy bitterness but overall it's nice for Mendoza Chardonnay.", 'Nice and ripe, with light whiffs of olive and herbs and strong berry fruit aromas. The palate is pure Maipo, meaning it blends herbal notes with black fruits, especially cassis. Firm in structure, stout on the finish, and ends with a hint of chocolate.', "Clear, breezey tangerine and grapefruit aromas roll out the red carpet on this crisp, citrusy SB that pours on the green fruit and scallion flavors. The palate is both round and crisp, and the finish is long and juicy. For fresh, citrusy, varietally correct Sauvignon Blanc, it's hard to do better. END
START HERE Nice and ripe, with light whiffs of olive and herbs and strong berry fruit aromas. The palate is pure Maipo, meaning it blends herbal notes with black fruits, especially cassis. Firm in structure, stout on the finish, and ends with a hint of chocolate.', "Clear, breezey tangerine and grapefruit aromas roll out the red carpet on this crisp, citrusy SB that pours on the green fruit and scallion flavors. The palate is both round and crisp, and the finish is long and juicy. For fresh, citrusy, varietally correct Sauvignon Blanc, it's hard to do better.", 'This amounts to a flabby, basic SB from a hot vintage. The nose is dull and lacks spunk. The palate is soft and fleshy, with bitter-leaning, bland flavors of melon, mild citrus and white pepper. END
START HERE Clear, breezey tangerine and grapefruit aromas roll out the red carpet on this crisp, citrusy SB that pours on the green fruit and scallion flavors. The palate is both round and crisp, and the finish is long and juicy. For fresh, citrusy, varietally correct Sauvignon Blanc, it's hard to do better.", 'This amounts to a flabby, basic SB from a hot vintage. The nose is dull and lacks spunk. The palate is soft and fleshy, with bitter-leaning, bland flavors of melon, mild citrus and white pepper.', "Lapostolle makes many excellent wines and quite a few good values; this Sauvignon Blanc from the warm Rapel Valley is not one of them. Like in prior years, this is bland and fleshy, with soft, wide, dull flavors of melon and sweet apple. And it's weak on acidity. 60,000 cases made. END
START HERE This amounts to a flabby, basic SB from a hot vintage. The nose is dull and lacks spunk. The palate is soft and fleshy, with bitter-leaning, bland flavors of melon, mild citrus and white pepper.', "Lapostolle makes many excellent wines and quite a few good values; this Sauvignon Blanc from the warm Rapel Valley is not one of them. Like in prior years, this is bland and fleshy, with soft, wide, dull flavors of melon and sweet apple. And it's weak on acidity. 60,000 cases made.", 'White currant and orchard fruit tones lead onto the silky, open-textured palate. It finishes with a welcome minerally tang. END
START HERE Lapostolle makes many excellent wines and quite a few good values; this Sauvignon Blanc from the warm Rapel Valley is not one of them. Like in prior years, this is bland and fleshy, with soft, wide, dull flavors of melon and sweet apple. And it's weak on acidity. 60,000 cases made.", 'White currant and orchard fruit tones lead onto the silky, open-textured palate. It finishes with a welcome minerally tang.', 'A touch neutral on the nose, but overall this is a nice, minerally, grassy SB with lots of green apple and freshness. The palate offers depth and clarity, and the flavors of green fruits are good. Falls off on the finish, which seems flat compared to the rest of the wine. END
START HERE White currant and orchard fruit tones lead onto the silky, open-textured palate. It finishes with a welcome minerally tang.', 'A touch neutral on the nose, but overall this is a nice, minerally, grassy SB with lots of green apple and freshness. The palate offers depth and clarity, and the flavors of green fruits are good. Falls off on the finish, which seems flat compared to the rest of the wine.', 'Stewy, jammy plum and currant aromas are less than inviting. This feels choppy, with hard tannins. Soupy, weedy berry flavors end with minty, herbal, grassy notes. END
START HERE A touch neutral on the nose, but overall this is a nice, minerally, grassy SB with lots of green apple and freshness. The palate offers depth and clarity, and the flavors of green fruits are good. Falls off on the finish, which seems flat compared to the rest of the wine.', 'Stewy, jammy plum and currant aromas are less than inviting. This feels choppy, with hard tannins. Soupy, weedy berry flavors end with minty, herbal, grassy notes.', 'This bright and fruity wine is made from Gamay, bringing out a cherry character as well as crisp acidity. The wine is lively, perfumed and ready to drink. END
START HERE Stewy, jammy plum and currant aromas are less than inviting. This feels choppy, with hard tannins. Soupy, weedy berry flavors end with minty, herbal, grassy notes.', 'This bright and fruity wine is made from Gamay, bringing out a cherry character as well as crisp acidity. The wine is lively, perfumed and ready to drink.', 'A yeasty nose smells all right but somewhat artificial and not that fruity. A low-acid palate has flavors of melon and grape skins, but the total package seems a touch nutty and prematurely stale. A flat finish is consistent with what came before. END
START HERE This bright and fruity wine is made from Gamay, bringing out a cherry character as well as crisp acidity. The wine is lively, perfumed and ready to drink.', 'A yeasty nose smells all right but somewhat artificial and not that fruity. A low-acid palate has flavors of melon and grape skins, but the total package seems a touch nutty and prematurely stale. A flat finish is consistent with what came before.', 'Leafy, herbal aromas of spicy berry fruits lean toward green. An edgy, acidic palate delivers herbal flavors of currant and plum, while the finish is spicy and herbal, much like a good tomato sauce. END
START HERE A yeasty nose smells all right but somewhat artificial and not that fruity. A low-acid palate has flavors of melon and grape skins, but the total package seems a touch nutty and prematurely stale. A flat finish is consistent with what came before.', 'Leafy, herbal aromas of spicy berry fruits lean toward green. An edgy, acidic palate delivers herbal flavors of currant and plum, while the finish is spicy and herbal, much like a good tomato sauce.', "This mild-mannered wine doesn't show a lot of aromas, just light nutmeg and pear nuances, but opens up on the palate as Bosc pear, toasted almond and allspice pour out. The texture is smooth and soft and the finish tastes just slightly sweet. END
START HERE Leafy, herbal aromas of spicy berry fruits lean toward green. An edgy, acidic palate delivers herbal flavors of currant and plum, while the finish is spicy and herbal, much like a good tomato sauce.', "This mild-mannered wine doesn't show a lot of aromas, just light nutmeg and pear nuances, but opens up on the palate as Bosc pear, toasted almond and allspice pour out. The texture is smooth and soft and the finish tastes just slightly sweet.", "From its floral, lime-driven aromas to its citrus and baked-apple flavors, this is a textbook Riesling. It's plump and friendly, offering a mouthfilling texture and easy-drinking appeal at a bargain price. Drink now. END
START HERE This mild-mannered wine doesn't show a lot of aromas, just light nutmeg and pear nuances, but opens up on the palate as Bosc pear, toasted almond and allspice pour out. The texture is smooth and soft and the finish tastes just slightly sweet.", "From its floral, lime-driven aromas to its citrus and baked-apple flavors, this is a textbook Riesling. It's plump and friendly, offering a mouthfilling texture and easy-drinking appeal at a bargain price. Drink now.", 'Light on the nose, then fresh but a bit watery on the palate, this simple SB delivers undefined citrus flavors that lose steam in front of a quiet finish. END
START HERE From its floral, lime-driven aromas to its citrus and baked-apple flavors, this is a textbook Riesling. It's plump and friendly, offering a mouthfilling texture and easy-drinking appeal at a bargain price. Drink now.", 'Light on the nose, then fresh but a bit watery on the palate, this simple SB delivers undefined citrus flavors that lose steam in front of a quiet finish.', 'This wine has fruit but it is overwhelmed by the darkly tannic structure. It is concentrated and dense, with signs of extraction giving a hard edge. The Aubert family has been on the Bordeaux Right Bank for two centuries and currently owns six estates. Consulting oenologist is Michel Rolland. END
START HERE Light on the nose, then fresh but a bit watery on the palate, this simple SB delivers undefined citrus flavors that lose steam in front of a quiet finish.', 'This wine has fruit but it is overwhelmed by the darkly tannic structure. It is concentrated and dense, with signs of extraction giving a hard edge. The Aubert family has been on the Bordeaux Right Bank for two centuries and currently owns six estates. Consulting oenologist is Michel Rolland.', "Dense and meaty up front, this has cola, wild berry and herb aromas. It feels big and bursts with spicy berry and pepper flavors. It finishes dark, with coffee-like bitterness, and it's nicely balanced overall. END
START HERE This wine has fruit but it is overwhelmed by the darkly tannic structure. It is concentrated and dense, with signs of extraction giving a hard edge. The Aubert family has been on the Bordeaux Right Bank for two centuries and currently owns six estates. Consulting oenologist is Michel Rolland.', "Dense and meaty up front, this has cola, wild berry and herb aromas. It feels big and bursts with spicy berry and pepper flavors. It finishes dark, with coffee-like bitterness, and it's nicely balanced overall.", "Petrol, motor oil and peach aromas, along with a whiff of cheese, entice the nose. The wine feels chunky and tastes of tarragon, thyme, grapefruit and green apple. Overall, it's a basic wine, and it doesn't improve on the finish. END
START HERE Dense and meaty up front, this has cola, wild berry and herb aromas. It feels big and bursts with spicy berry and pepper flavors. It finishes dark, with coffee-like bitterness, and it's nicely balanced overall.", "Petrol, motor oil and peach aromas, along with a whiff of cheese, entice the nose. The wine feels chunky and tastes of tarragon, thyme, grapefruit and green apple. Overall, it's a basic wine, and it doesn't improve on the finish.", 'Despite the broad appellation, South Coast fruit seems to dominate in the tropical fruit aromas, accompanied by a generous dose of spicy, vanilla-tinged oak. Similarly tastes very ripe and fruity, although has noticeable sweetness. END
START HERE Petrol, motor oil and peach aromas, along with a whiff of cheese, entice the nose. The wine feels chunky and tastes of tarragon, thyme, grapefruit and green apple. Overall, it's a basic wine, and it doesn't improve on the finish.", 'Despite the broad appellation, South Coast fruit seems to dominate in the tropical fruit aromas, accompanied by a generous dose of spicy, vanilla-tinged oak. Similarly tastes very ripe and fruity, although has noticeable sweetness.', 'Spicy, minty aromas and rich flavors like dark chocolate and black cherries add up to a bold, full-bodied wine from the Lange Twins. It has a deep color, moderate tannins to add grip to the texture and a lingering finish. END
START HERE Despite the broad appellation, South Coast fruit seems to dominate in the tropical fruit aromas, accompanied by a generous dose of spicy, vanilla-tinged oak. Similarly tastes very ripe and fruity, although has noticeable sweetness.', 'Spicy, minty aromas and rich flavors like dark chocolate and black cherries add up to a bold, full-bodied wine from the Lange Twins. It has a deep color, moderate tannins to add grip to the texture and a lingering finish.', 'Dark in color, this wine from the Entre-deux-Mers shows structure, firm black fruits and rich tannins. Berry fruits, black currants, smokiness and fresh acidity are well integrated and balanced with the firmer texture. It will certainly age, so drink from 2015. END
START HERE Spicy, minty aromas and rich flavors like dark chocolate and black cherries add up to a bold, full-bodied wine from the Lange Twins. It has a deep color, moderate tannins to add grip to the texture and a lingering finish.', 'Dark in color, this wine from the Entre-deux-Mers shows structure, firm black fruits and rich tannins. Berry fruits, black currants, smokiness and fresh acidity are well integrated and balanced with the firmer texture. It will certainly age, so drink from 2015.', "Made with 75% Sangiovese, with the rest Cabernet Sauvignon and Barbera, this wine has aromas of barrel spices, coffee, dark raspberries and herbs. It's medium bodied with plump fruit flavors, tart acids and a lightly chalky feel. END
START HERE Dark in color, this wine from the Entre-deux-Mers shows structure, firm black fruits and rich tannins. Berry fruits, black currants, smokiness and fresh acidity are well integrated and balanced with the firmer texture. It will certainly age, so drink from 2015.', "Made with 75% Sangiovese, with the rest Cabernet Sauvignon and Barbera, this wine has aromas of barrel spices, coffee, dark raspberries and herbs. It's medium bodied with plump fruit flavors, tart acids and a lightly chalky feel.", "This is a ripe wine, its herbaceous character tempered by green plum and pineapple flavors. It's full in the mouth, with a hint of steeliness to give texture. Great to drink this summer. END
START HERE Made with 75% Sangiovese, with the rest Cabernet Sauvignon and Barbera, this wine has aromas of barrel spices, coffee, dark raspberries and herbs. It's medium bodied with plump fruit flavors, tart acids and a lightly chalky feel.", "This is a ripe wine, its herbaceous character tempered by green plum and pineapple flavors. It's full in the mouth, with a hint of steeliness to give texture. Great to drink this summer.", "This warm style of Sauvignon Blanc has easygoing acidity and gooseberry fruit flavors. It's lightly tangy, with a bright, crisp texture. END
START HERE This is a ripe wine, its herbaceous character tempered by green plum and pineapple flavors. It's full in the mouth, with a hint of steeliness to give texture. Great to drink this summer.", "This warm style of Sauvignon Blanc has easygoing acidity and gooseberry fruit flavors. It's lightly tangy, with a bright, crisp texture.", "This rating is a follow-up to one we did about a year ago, and it doesn't seem as though this wine is making any progress. It's still clumsy as an ox, with stark pineapple flavors and overt acidity. Citrus juice is the best way to describe it; it bears little to no resemblance to Chardonnay as we know it. END
START HERE This warm style of Sauvignon Blanc has easygoing acidity and gooseberry fruit flavors. It's lightly tangy, with a bright, crisp texture.", "This rating is a follow-up to one we did about a year ago, and it doesn't seem as though this wine is making any progress. It's still clumsy as an ox, with stark pineapple flavors and overt acidity. Citrus juice is the best way to describe it; it bears little to no resemblance to Chardonnay as we know it.", 'This is an intensely grassy, herby Sauvignon Blanc (100%) that is vividly fresh, with upfront fruit that has a New World character. Grapefruit, green berries, lime juice and white currants all come together. Delicious now. END
START HERE This rating is a follow-up to one we did about a year ago, and it doesn't seem as though this wine is making any progress. It's still clumsy as an ox, with stark pineapple flavors and overt acidity. Citrus juice is the best way to describe it; it bears little to no resemblance to Chardonnay as we know it.", 'This is an intensely grassy, herby Sauvignon Blanc (100%) that is vividly fresh, with upfront fruit that has a New World character. Grapefruit, green berries, lime juice and white currants all come together. Delicious now.', 'Band-Aid and baked red-fruit aromas set up a plump palate with creaminess. Candied smoky-berry flavors finish oaky and toasty, with enough true PN character to make this worthwhile. END
START HERE This is an intensely grassy, herby Sauvignon Blanc (100%) that is vividly fresh, with upfront fruit that has a New World character. Grapefruit, green berries, lime juice and white currants all come together. Delicious now.', 'Band-Aid and baked red-fruit aromas set up a plump palate with creaminess. Candied smoky-berry flavors finish oaky and toasty, with enough true PN character to make this worthwhile.', "The fifth generation certainly got it right. This wine is more savory than fruity, as earth and oak flavors highlight the aromas while baking spices and almond flavors soothe the palate. It's smooth and lush in texture and not too heavy in body. Drink now. END
START HERE Band-Aid and baked red-fruit aromas set up a plump palate with creaminess. Candied smoky-berry flavors finish oaky and toasty, with enough true PN character to make this worthwhile.', "The fifth generation certainly got it right. This wine is more savory than fruity, as earth and oak flavors highlight the aromas while baking spices and almond flavors soothe the palate. It's smooth and lush in texture and not too heavy in body. Drink now.", 'This wine leads with vanilla over characteristic varietal notes. The palate is spritzy, while modest flavors of nectarine and citrus finish light. END
START HERE The fifth generation certainly got it right. This wine is more savory than fruity, as earth and oak flavors highlight the aromas while baking spices and almond flavors soothe the palate. It's smooth and lush in texture and not too heavy in body. Drink now.", 'This wine leads with vanilla over characteristic varietal notes. The palate is spritzy, while modest flavors of nectarine and citrus finish light.', 'Dusty raspberry and plum aromas are spicy, dry and attractive, leading to a fresh palate with kick. Flavors of spiced plum, raspberry and red cherry are a touch briny, while the finish has length and a pleasing texture. END
START HERE This wine leads with vanilla over characteristic varietal notes. The palate is spritzy, while modest flavors of nectarine and citrus finish light.', 'Dusty raspberry and plum aromas are spicy, dry and attractive, leading to a fresh palate with kick. Flavors of spiced plum, raspberry and red cherry are a touch briny, while the finish has length and a pleasing texture.', 'This fruity red wine has firm tannins and juicy acidity. Its soft, rounded aftertaste makes it easy and warm. END
START HERE Dusty raspberry and plum aromas are spicy, dry and attractive, leading to a fresh palate with kick. Flavors of spiced plum, raspberry and red cherry are a touch briny, while the finish has length and a pleasing texture.', 'This fruity red wine has firm tannins and juicy acidity. Its soft, rounded aftertaste makes it easy and warm.', 'Soft, dainty scents of pressed sweet pea, white raspberry and cherry dance in the bouquet, while pithy citrus and cherry-skin flavors unfold on the palate. The midpalate shows a touch of roundness, but brisk acidity and a slight bitterness lifts the close. Drink now. END
START HERE This fruity red wine has firm tannins and juicy acidity. Its soft, rounded aftertaste makes it easy and warm.', 'Soft, dainty scents of pressed sweet pea, white raspberry and cherry dance in the bouquet, while pithy citrus and cherry-skin flavors unfold on the palate. The midpalate shows a touch of roundness, but brisk acidity and a slight bitterness lifts the close. Drink now.', 'A typically heavy, ripe style of rosé, this does have some freshness and citrus acidity but it is put against ripe carmel, spice and a fat texture. Drink now. END
START HERE Soft, dainty scents of pressed sweet pea, white raspberry and cherry dance in the bouquet, while pithy citrus and cherry-skin flavors unfold on the palate. The midpalate shows a touch of roundness, but brisk acidity and a slight bitterness lifts the close. Drink now.', 'A typically heavy, ripe style of rosé, this does have some freshness and citrus acidity but it is put against ripe carmel, spice and a fat texture. Drink now.', "Produced from Languedoc grapes by the Château d'Esclans team in Provence, this is an easy, open wine with both red berry richness and delicious acidity Drink now. END
START HERE A typically heavy, ripe style of rosé, this does have some freshness and citrus acidity but it is put against ripe carmel, spice and a fat texture. Drink now.', "Produced from Languedoc grapes by the Château d'Esclans team in Provence, this is an easy, open wine with both red berry richness and delicious acidity Drink now.", 'A lot of this Cabernet-Merlot-Syrah-Cab Franc blend is produced, and for the money it gives you plenty of enjoyment. Soft raspberry fruit seems loaded with oak-derived flavors. Toast, vanilla, bare wood, even a streak of cola come through. The wine drinks far more mature than the recent vintage, so drink up. END
START HERE Produced from Languedoc grapes by the Château d'Esclans team in Provence, this is an easy, open wine with both red berry richness and delicious acidity Drink now.", 'A lot of this Cabernet-Merlot-Syrah-Cab Franc blend is produced, and for the money it gives you plenty of enjoyment. Soft raspberry fruit seems loaded with oak-derived flavors. Toast, vanilla, bare wood, even a streak of cola come through. The wine drinks far more mature than the recent vintage, so drink up.', 'Citrus and green herb with a prickle control the nose. Mixed citrus, passion fruit and arugula are the main flavors, and they are backed by matchstick bitterness, citric acid and sulfur on the finish. END
START HERE A lot of this Cabernet-Merlot-Syrah-Cab Franc blend is produced, and for the money it gives you plenty of enjoyment. Soft raspberry fruit seems loaded with oak-derived flavors. Toast, vanilla, bare wood, even a streak of cola come through. The wine drinks far more mature than the recent vintage, so drink up.', 'Citrus and green herb with a prickle control the nose. Mixed citrus, passion fruit and arugula are the main flavors, and they are backed by matchstick bitterness, citric acid and sulfur on the finish.', 'This wine looks clear, with aromas of chewing gum, watermelon and cherry. The palate is regular and nebulous in feel, while flavors of melon and peach are slightly oxidized and pithy. A blend of 50% Tempranillo with 30% Garnacha and 20% Viura. END
START HERE Citrus and green herb with a prickle control the nose. Mixed citrus, passion fruit and arugula are the main flavors, and they are backed by matchstick bitterness, citric acid and sulfur on the finish.', 'This wine looks clear, with aromas of chewing gum, watermelon and cherry. The palate is regular and nebulous in feel, while flavors of melon and peach are slightly oxidized and pithy. A blend of 50% Tempranillo with 30% Garnacha and 20% Viura.', "A fairly simple wine, it's rich in mouthwatering acidity, with ripe citrus, tropical fruit, melon and honey flavors. Unoaked, this should be versatile with a broad range of foods. END
START HERE This wine looks clear, with aromas of chewing gum, watermelon and cherry. The palate is regular and nebulous in feel, while flavors of melon and peach are slightly oxidized and pithy. A blend of 50% Tempranillo with 30% Garnacha and 20% Viura.', "A fairly simple wine, it's rich in mouthwatering acidity, with ripe citrus, tropical fruit, melon and honey flavors. Unoaked, this should be versatile with a broad range of foods.", 'A strong streak of pure vanilla highlights the flavors here. The fruit tastes of fresh-picked strawberries. This is 100% Syrah made from estate-grown fruit. END
START HERE A fairly simple wine, it's rich in mouthwatering acidity, with ripe citrus, tropical fruit, melon and honey flavors. Unoaked, this should be versatile with a broad range of foods.", 'A strong streak of pure vanilla highlights the flavors here. The fruit tastes of fresh-picked strawberries. This is 100% Syrah made from estate-grown fruit.', 'A great buy at this price for its richness and overall integrity. Has a medium body, with fine, fuzzy tannins and bone-dry, complex flavors of wild berries, currants, herbs, tobacco and tons of peppery spices. END
START HERE A strong streak of pure vanilla highlights the flavors here. The fruit tastes of fresh-picked strawberries. This is 100% Syrah made from estate-grown fruit.', 'A great buy at this price for its richness and overall integrity. Has a medium body, with fine, fuzzy tannins and bone-dry, complex flavors of wild berries, currants, herbs, tobacco and tons of peppery spices.', 'Muddled strawberry and watermelon aromas and flavors are partnered with an earthy streak reminiscent of wet leaves. The palate is similarly fruit forward, with ample acidity that lifts the fruity richness and results in a short but clean finish. END
START HERE A great buy at this price for its richness and overall integrity. Has a medium body, with fine, fuzzy tannins and bone-dry, complex flavors of wild berries, currants, herbs, tobacco and tons of peppery spices.', 'Muddled strawberry and watermelon aromas and flavors are partnered with an earthy streak reminiscent of wet leaves. The palate is similarly fruit forward, with ample acidity that lifts the fruity richness and results in a short but clean finish.', 'A bright salmon color, this playful selection is bright and easy drinking. Aromas and flavors of melon rind, sweet pea, red cherry and cranberry fill the nose and mouth, with bright acidity that keeps the palate fresh and the finish clean. END
START HERE Muddled strawberry and watermelon aromas and flavors are partnered with an earthy streak reminiscent of wet leaves. The palate is similarly fruit forward, with ample acidity that lifts the fruity richness and results in a short but clean finish.', 'A bright salmon color, this playful selection is bright and easy drinking. Aromas and flavors of melon rind, sweet pea, red cherry and cranberry fill the nose and mouth, with bright acidity that keeps the palate fresh and the finish clean.', 'Another impressive bargain-priced 2015 Sauvignon Blanc. Consumers looking for summer 2017 refreshment should grab some of this for its crisp flavors of pineapple, passion fruit and grapefruit. Drink now. END
START HERE A bright salmon color, this playful selection is bright and easy drinking. Aromas and flavors of melon rind, sweet pea, red cherry and cranberry fill the nose and mouth, with bright acidity that keeps the palate fresh and the finish clean.', 'Another impressive bargain-priced 2015 Sauvignon Blanc. Consumers looking for summer 2017 refreshment should grab some of this for its crisp flavors of pineapple, passion fruit and grapefruit. Drink now.', "A little light in flavor and rustic, but the price isn't bad for a dry, robust Zin with decent cherry-berry flavors. The alcohol is low, and the finish is pleasant. END
START HERE Another impressive bargain-priced 2015 Sauvignon Blanc. Consumers looking for summer 2017 refreshment should grab some of this for its crisp flavors of pineapple, passion fruit and grapefruit. Drink now.', "A little light in flavor and rustic, but the price isn't bad for a dry, robust Zin with decent cherry-berry flavors. The alcohol is low, and the finish is pleasant.", 'Salinic upon opening, with thick, candied blackberry aromas along with orange peel. The wine is sincerely syrupy and rich for a value-priced Malbec, but it struggles with balance and comes across heavy, roasted and loaded down with candied berry and milk chocolate flavors. END
START HERE A little light in flavor and rustic, but the price isn't bad for a dry, robust Zin with decent cherry-berry flavors. The alcohol is low, and the finish is pleasant.", 'Salinic upon opening, with thick, candied blackberry aromas along with orange peel. The wine is sincerely syrupy and rich for a value-priced Malbec, but it struggles with balance and comes across heavy, roasted and loaded down with candied berry and milk chocolate flavors.', 'Ripe red berries, cherries and plums lead the bouquet of this friendly and approachable red. Those notes follow through to the creamy palate, while accents of carnation and pressed violet petals add depth and interest. A hint of sweet spice accents the finish. END
START HERE Salinic upon opening, with thick, candied blackberry aromas along with orange peel. The wine is sincerely syrupy and rich for a value-priced Malbec, but it struggles with balance and comes across heavy, roasted and loaded down with candied berry and milk chocolate flavors.', 'Ripe red berries, cherries and plums lead the bouquet of this friendly and approachable red. Those notes follow through to the creamy palate, while accents of carnation and pressed violet petals add depth and interest. A hint of sweet spice accents the finish.', 'Initially this smells perfumed and powdery, like a grande dame preparing to go out for the night. On deeper inspection, it smells grassy and citrusy, then tastes and feels dilute. At best this is a quaffing wine due to minimal character but good acidity. END
START HERE Ripe red berries, cherries and plums lead the bouquet of this friendly and approachable red. Those notes follow through to the creamy palate, while accents of carnation and pressed violet petals add depth and interest. A hint of sweet spice accents the finish.', 'Initially this smells perfumed and powdery, like a grande dame preparing to go out for the night. On deeper inspection, it smells grassy and citrusy, then tastes and feels dilute. At best this is a quaffing wine due to minimal character but good acidity.', "This new brand from Santa Carolina is improving with each passing vintage. Nimbus SB is true to its Casablanca roots; it shows oily, green aromas, a spot of bell pepper and then prickly lemon-lime flavors. It's a good one for sushi and other seafoods, while the mouthfeel is racy and clean. END
START HERE Initially this smells perfumed and powdery, like a grande dame preparing to go out for the night. On deeper inspection, it smells grassy and citrusy, then tastes and feels dilute. At best this is a quaffing wine due to minimal character but good acidity.', "This new brand from Santa Carolina is improving with each passing vintage. Nimbus SB is true to its Casablanca roots; it shows oily, green aromas, a spot of bell pepper and then prickly lemon-lime flavors. It's a good one for sushi and other seafoods, while the mouthfeel is racy and clean.", "Vegetal on first blush, with aromas of green bean and asparagus. The green character becomes less obvious with time, but there's still a bell pepper element to the palate, which offers mildly stewy flavors. Finishes bland, and as a whole it's not exactly cutting the mustard. END
START HERE This new brand from Santa Carolina is improving with each passing vintage. Nimbus SB is true to its Casablanca roots; it shows oily, green aromas, a spot of bell pepper and then prickly lemon-lime flavors. It's a good one for sushi and other seafoods, while the mouthfeel is racy and clean.", "Vegetal on first blush, with aromas of green bean and asparagus. The green character becomes less obvious with time, but there's still a bell pepper element to the palate, which offers mildly stewy flavors. Finishes bland, and as a whole it's not exactly cutting the mustard.", 'A soft, medicinal and uninteresting wine, marked by harshness and green flavors that barely suggest cherries. END
START HERE Vegetal on first blush, with aromas of green bean and asparagus. The green character becomes less obvious with time, but there's still a bell pepper element to the palate, which offers mildly stewy flavors. Finishes bland, and as a whole it's not exactly cutting the mustard.", 'A soft, medicinal and uninteresting wine, marked by harshness and green flavors that barely suggest cherries.', 'Aromas of mint, talcum powder and dried cherry lead you to a delightful palate of red and black plums and black raspberries. Soft tannins and a persistent finish make this a notable Bulgarian Merlot. END
START HERE A soft, medicinal and uninteresting wine, marked by harshness and green flavors that barely suggest cherries.', 'Aromas of mint, talcum powder and dried cherry lead you to a delightful palate of red and black plums and black raspberries. Soft tannins and a persistent finish make this a notable Bulgarian Merlot.', "Dark for a rosé, and heavy in texture, with berry and cocoa flavors. Lacks charm, but at least it's dry. END
START HERE Aromas of mint, talcum powder and dried cherry lead you to a delightful palate of red and black plums and black raspberries. Soft tannins and a persistent finish make this a notable Bulgarian Merlot.', "Dark for a rosé, and heavy in texture, with berry and cocoa flavors. Lacks charm, but at least it's dry.", 'Lightly smoky, herbal aromas and an almost-sweet fruitiness give a frank, easy-drinking quality to this medium-bodied wine. It comes through on the palate with a rich plummy flavor, soft texture and very mild tannins. END
START HERE Dark for a rosé, and heavy in texture, with berry and cocoa flavors. Lacks charm, but at least it's dry.", 'Lightly smoky, herbal aromas and an almost-sweet fruitiness give a frank, easy-drinking quality to this medium-bodied wine. It comes through on the palate with a rich plummy flavor, soft texture and very mild tannins.', 'Aromas of herbal black fruits and road tar are crisp and gritty. This is pulling and a bit raw in feel, while foxy herbal currant and black-plum flavors finish lively, with residual flavors of oak and clove. END
START HERE Lightly smoky, herbal aromas and an almost-sweet fruitiness give a frank, easy-drinking quality to this medium-bodied wine. It comes through on the palate with a rich plummy flavor, soft texture and very mild tannins.', 'Aromas of herbal black fruits and road tar are crisp and gritty. This is pulling and a bit raw in feel, while foxy herbal currant and black-plum flavors finish lively, with residual flavors of oak and clove.', "Although dense on the palate with concentrated black fruit flavors and a touch of mocha, there's a green streak to the nose of this Cab. The mouth is round and fleshy with a short but clean finish. END
START HERE Aromas of herbal black fruits and road tar are crisp and gritty. This is pulling and a bit raw in feel, while foxy herbal currant and black-plum flavors finish lively, with residual flavors of oak and clove.', "Although dense on the palate with concentrated black fruit flavors and a touch of mocha, there's a green streak to the nose of this Cab. The mouth is round and fleshy with a short but clean finish.", 'Bland white-fruit aromas are a bit oily and gritty. This has a watery feel and mildly bitter flavors of white grapefruit, the skin included. END
START HERE Although dense on the palate with concentrated black fruit flavors and a touch of mocha, there's a green streak to the nose of this Cab. The mouth is round and fleshy with a short but clean finish.", 'Bland white-fruit aromas are a bit oily and gritty. This has a watery feel and mildly bitter flavors of white grapefruit, the skin included', 'A salmon hue lights up this Tempranillo-based wine. It shows peach and white cherry aromas, fresh but candylike flavors and enough body for a smooth texture. END
START HERE Bland white-fruit aromas are a bit oily and gritty. This has a watery feel and mildly bitter flavors of white grapefruit, the skin included', 'A salmon hue lights up this Tempranillo-based wine. It shows peach and white cherry aromas, fresh but candylike flavors and enough body for a smooth texture.', "With 4% Viognier giving this wine a distinct floral lift, it's aromatic with notes of nectarine, pear and toasty barrel spice. It's creamy, almost oily in feel, with an assortment of stone fruit flavors that carry through the finish. END
START HERE A salmon hue lights up this Tempranillo-based wine. It shows peach and white cherry aromas, fresh but candylike flavors and enough body for a smooth texture.', "With 4% Viognier giving this wine a distinct floral lift, it's aromatic with notes of nectarine, pear and toasty barrel spice. It's creamy, almost oily in feel, with an assortment of stone fruit flavors that carry through the finish.", "Full bodied and warm, this is a ripe, fruit-driven style that's made for immediate enjoyment. Grapy, plummy fruit adds notes of baking spices and chocolate on the supple finish. END
START HERE With 4% Viognier giving this wine a distinct floral lift, it's aromatic with notes of nectarine, pear and toasty barrel spice. It's creamy, almost oily in feel, with an assortment of stone fruit flavors that carry through the finish.", "Full bodied and warm, this is a ripe, fruit-driven style that's made for immediate enjoyment. Grapy, plummy fruit adds notes of baking spices and chocolate on the supple finish.", 'Sweet and tart notes—think maraschino cherry and citrus—start this opulent sip. Sweet-tasting cherry and strawberry flavors follow. Not overly complex, but a fun summer wine. END
START HERE Full bodied and warm, this is a ripe, fruit-driven style that's made for immediate enjoyment. Grapy, plummy fruit adds notes of baking spices and chocolate on the supple finish.", 'Sweet and tart notes—think maraschino cherry and citrus—start this opulent sip. Sweet-tasting cherry and strawberry flavors follow. Not overly complex, but a fun summer wine.', "This wine is serious in style, starting with a dark color, then concentrated aromas like pomegranate juice, black olive and blackberry come through. It is full bodied and moderately tannic for the kind of dense texture that's great with meat and cheese. END
START HERE Sweet and tart notes—think maraschino cherry and citrus—start this opulent sip. Sweet-tasting cherry and strawberry flavors follow. Not overly complex, but a fun summer wine.', "This wine is serious in style, starting with a dark color, then concentrated aromas like pomegranate juice, black olive and blackberry come through. It is full bodied and moderately tannic for the kind of dense texture that's great with meat and cheese.", "A yellow tint and aromas of papaya and melon result in a neutral opening with little pop. Consistent with prior years, this SB feels soft, without a focal point. Flavors of creamy white fruits include a note of vanilla. It's plump on the finish. END
START HERE This wine is serious in style, starting with a dark color, then concentrated aromas like pomegranate juice, black olive and blackberry come through. It is full bodied and moderately tannic for the kind of dense texture that's great with meat and cheese.", "A yellow tint and aromas of papaya and melon result in a neutral opening with little pop. Consistent with prior years, this SB feels soft, without a focal point. Flavors of creamy white fruits include a note of vanilla. It's plump on the finish.", 'Based in Burgundy, Tramier should know something about Chardonnay. This wine has some structure that tastes of cool vineyards. It is crisp, with refreshing white fruit and green-plum flavors, and is ready to drink. END
START HERE A yellow tint and aromas of papaya and melon result in a neutral opening with little pop. Consistent with prior years, this SB feels soft, without a focal point. Flavors of creamy white fruits include a note of vanilla. It's plump on the finish.", 'Based in Burgundy, Tramier should know something about Chardonnay. This wine has some structure that tastes of cool vineyards. It is crisp, with refreshing white fruit and green-plum flavors, and is ready to drink.', "Vibrant aromas of pear and apple lead to a creamy, full-feeling palate. It's a strong example of the variety and style. END
START HERE Based in Burgundy, Tramier should know something about Chardonnay. This wine has some structure that tastes of cool vineyards. It is crisp, with refreshing white fruit and green-plum flavors, and is ready to drink.', "Vibrant aromas of pear and apple lead to a creamy, full-feeling palate. It's a strong example of the variety and style.", 'Light and mostly fresh, with shy peach and green-fruit aromas. The palate is soft and reticent, with lower-level acids and chunky melon and papaya flavors. Finishes pithy and thus mildly bitter. Drink soon or wait for the 2008. END
START HERE Vibrant aromas of pear and apple lead to a creamy, full-feeling palate. It's a strong example of the variety and style.", 'Light and mostly fresh, with shy peach and green-fruit aromas. The palate is soft and reticent, with lower-level acids and chunky melon and papaya flavors. Finishes pithy and thus mildly bitter. Drink soon or wait for the 2008.', "Eschewing new French oak entirely and with just 10% second fill, it's lightly aromatic with notes of apple and stone fruit. With no malolactic fermentation, the fruit flavors are medium-bodied and sweet, showing a sense of balance that carries through to the finish. END
START HERE Light and mostly fresh, with shy peach and green-fruit aromas. The palate is soft and reticent, with lower-level acids and chunky melon and papaya flavors. Finishes pithy and thus mildly bitter. Drink soon or wait for the 2008.', "Eschewing new French oak entirely and with just 10% second fill, it's lightly aromatic with notes of apple and stone fruit. With no malolactic fermentation, the fruit flavors are medium-bodied and sweet, showing a sense of balance that carries through to the finish.", 'Smells bland, with a bit of apple. The palate is candied and soft, with sweet orange, mango and other tropical flavors. Finishes honeyed and lazy, with sweet, simple flavors of honeydew and apple juice. END
START HERE Eschewing new French oak entirely and with just 10% second fill, it's lightly aromatic with notes of apple and stone fruit. With no malolactic fermentation, the fruit flavors are medium-bodied and sweet, showing a sense of balance that carries through to the finish.", 'Smells bland, with a bit of apple. The palate is candied and soft, with sweet orange, mango and other tropical flavors. Finishes honeyed and lazy, with sweet, simple flavors of honeydew and apple juice.', 'An attractively fruity wine—fragrant, fresh and with a touch of tannin. Raspberry flavors give the wine a good lift. Drink it this year. END
START HERE Smells bland, with a bit of apple. The palate is candied and soft, with sweet orange, mango and other tropical flavors. Finishes honeyed and lazy, with sweet, simple flavors of honeydew and apple juice.', 'An attractively fruity wine—fragrant, fresh and with a touch of tannin. Raspberry flavors give the wine a good lift. Drink it this year.', "Does a good job of delivering Cabernet's personality at a decent price. Dry and softly tannic, this 100% Cab shows black currant, spicy plum and cedar flavors. Drink now. END
START HERE An attractively fruity wine—fragrant, fresh and with a touch of tannin. Raspberry flavors give the wine a good lift. Drink it this year.', "Does a good job of delivering Cabernet's personality at a decent price. Dry and softly tannic, this 100% Cab shows black currant, spicy plum and cedar flavors. Drink now.", 'A blend of 50% Syrah and 50% Grenache, this is an attractive and enticing rosé, with delicate aromas of pressed pink flowers, white raspberry, melon rind and underripe guava. The light-plus body lends a slight opulence to the mouthfeel, with flavors of red raspberry and tangerine that end slightly pithy. Drink now. END
START HERE Does a good job of delivering Cabernet's personality at a decent price. Dry and softly tannic, this 100% Cab shows black currant, spicy plum and cedar flavors. Drink now.", 'A blend of 50% Syrah and 50% Grenache, this is an attractive and enticing rosé, with delicate aromas of pressed pink flowers, white raspberry, melon rind and underripe guava. The light-plus body lends a slight opulence to the mouthfeel, with flavors of red raspberry and tangerine that end slightly pithy. Drink now.', 'Mild citrus aromas come with green notes. This is a medium-level Sauvignon Blanc without a lot of acidic snap. Melon and grapefruit flavors are friendly, simple and chunky, while overall this shows characterisitcs of a warm, bland vintage. END
START HERE A blend of 50% Syrah and 50% Grenache, this is an attractive and enticing rosé, with delicate aromas of pressed pink flowers, white raspberry, melon rind and underripe guava. The light-plus body lends a slight opulence to the mouthfeel, with flavors of red raspberry and tangerine that end slightly pithy. Drink now.', 'Mild citrus aromas come with green notes. This is a medium-level Sauvignon Blanc without a lot of acidic snap. Melon and grapefruit flavors are friendly, simple and chunky, while overall this shows characterisitcs of a warm, bland vintage.', 'Clean, reserved citrus and ocean-influenced aromas set up a zesty palate with a common mix of tangerine, lime and green-herb flavors. A lasting finish with peppery snap helps this along. END
START HERE Mild citrus aromas come with green notes. This is a medium-level Sauvignon Blanc without a lot of acidic snap. Melon and grapefruit flavors are friendly, simple and chunky, while overall this shows characterisitcs of a warm, bland vintage.', 'Clean, reserved citrus and ocean-influenced aromas set up a zesty palate with a common mix of tangerine, lime and green-herb flavors. A lasting finish with peppery snap helps this along.', 'Situated between the two mountain ranges of Saint-Baume and Sainte-Victoire, this estate is dry and relatively cool in the summer. That produces this fresh, lightly pink-colored wine that has a smooth caramel flavor and rich strawberry fruits. The aftertaste is soft and ripe. END
START HERE Clean, reserved citrus and ocean-influenced aromas set up a zesty palate with a common mix of tangerine, lime and green-herb flavors. A lasting finish with peppery snap helps this along.', 'Situated between the two mountain ranges of Saint-Baume and Sainte-Victoire, this estate is dry and relatively cool in the summer. That produces this fresh, lightly pink-colored wine that has a smooth caramel flavor and rich strawberry fruits. The aftertaste is soft and ripe.', "Septima is owned by Codorníu of Spain, and it hit the market solidly in 2002, disappeared for a couple of years, and now is back with a great Best Buy. The 2006 Malbec is a rock star wine in sheep's clothing. Shows size and power along with pure fruit, texture and balance. Lush and fruity until the end. END
START HERE Situated between the two mountain ranges of Saint-Baume and Sainte-Victoire, this estate is dry and relatively cool in the summer. That produces this fresh, lightly pink-colored wine that has a smooth caramel flavor and rich strawberry fruits. The aftertaste is soft and ripe.', "Septima is owned by Codorníu of Spain, and it hit the market solidly in 2002, disappeared for a couple of years, and now is back with a great Best Buy. The 2006 Malbec is a rock star wine in sheep's clothing. Shows size and power along with pure fruit, texture and balance. Lush and fruity until the end.", 'The oak on this basic Cab offers a nose that is pasty and lactic, while the palate and finish are resiny. In between, there are rubbery tannins, berry fruit flavors and a lot of vanilla and carob. END
START HERE Septima is owned by Codorníu of Spain, and it hit the market solidly in 2002, disappeared for a couple of years, and now is back with a great Best Buy. The 2006 Malbec is a rock star wine in sheep's clothing. Shows size and power along with pure fruit, texture and balance. Lush and fruity until the end.", 'The oak on this basic Cab offers a nose that is pasty and lactic, while the palate and finish are resiny. In between, there are rubbery tannins, berry fruit flavors and a lot of vanilla and carob.', 'Cleanliness is a fleeting quality on this rosé, which smells compromised and artificial. A modest palate feel and dry, hollow, mostly fruitless flavors lead to a bland finish. END
START HERE The oak on this basic Cab offers a nose that is pasty and lactic, while the palate and finish are resiny. In between, there are rubbery tannins, berry fruit flavors and a lot of vanilla and carob.', 'Cleanliness is a fleeting quality on this rosé, which smells compromised and artificial. A modest palate feel and dry, hollow, mostly fruitless flavors lead to a bland finish.', "A bit hard and dark at first, yet despite rubbery, leathery aromas this evolves into a fine everyday Malbec. The palate hits with punch and pop; it's jumpy and packed with boysenberry, blueberry and blackberry flavors. A fruit bomb for sure, but one with balance and New World intensity that many people are looking for. END
START HERE Cleanliness is a fleeting quality on this rosé, which smells compromised and artificial. A modest palate feel and dry, hollow, mostly fruitless flavors lead to a bland finish.', "A bit hard and dark at first, yet despite rubbery, leathery aromas this evolves into a fine everyday Malbec. The palate hits with punch and pop; it's jumpy and packed with boysenberry, blueberry and blackberry flavors. A fruit bomb for sure, but one with balance and New World intensity that many people are looking for.", "An off-dry, leesy, delicately floral Riesling, this elegantly captures the floral and mineral qualities that make the grape so exceptional. The wine doesn't push too hard, but it persists, mixing white peach and papaya with citrus blossom, rosewater and body powder. Exotic and delightful. END
START HERE A bit hard and dark at first, yet despite rubbery, leathery aromas this evolves into a fine everyday Malbec. The palate hits with punch and pop; it's jumpy and packed with boysenberry, blueberry and blackberry flavors. A fruit bomb for sure, but one with balance and New World intensity that many people are looking for.", "An off-dry, leesy, delicately floral Riesling, this elegantly captures the floral and mineral qualities that make the grape so exceptional. The wine doesn't push too hard, but it persists, mixing white peach and papaya with citrus blossom, rosewater and body powder. Exotic and delightful.", "Light in color, this tight, stalky wine is a blend of Pinot Noir, Cabernet Franc and Pineau d'Aunis. It comes from a region that is probably too cool for red wines, showing an herbal character that suggests underripe grapes. The wine might show better in a warmer vintage. END
START HERE An off-dry, leesy, delicately floral Riesling, this elegantly captures the floral and mineral qualities that make the grape so exceptional. The wine doesn't push too hard, but it persists, mixing white peach and papaya with citrus blossom, rosewater and body powder. Exotic and delightful.", "Light in color, this tight, stalky wine is a blend of Pinot Noir, Cabernet Franc and Pineau d'Aunis. It comes from a region that is probably too cool for red wines, showing an herbal character that suggests underripe grapes. The wine might show better in a warmer vintage.", 'Pure fruitiness, this wine is full of black currant flavors and a stalky, dusty texture. Without wood aging, it has acidity, fruitiness and some dry tannins. Drink from the end of 2015. END
START HERE Light in color, this tight, stalky wine is a blend of Pinot Noir, Cabernet Franc and Pineau d'Aunis. It comes from a region that is probably too cool for red wines, showing an herbal character that suggests underripe grapes. The wine might show better in a warmer vintage.", 'Pure fruitiness, this wine is full of black currant flavors and a stalky, dusty texture. Without wood aging, it has acidity, fruitiness and some dry tannins. Drink from the end of 2015.', "Lightly creamy fruit and vanilla flavors follow melon, apple and baking spice aromas in this wine. It's a pleasant, straightforward easy-drinker. END
START HERE Pure fruitiness, this wine is full of black currant flavors and a stalky, dusty texture. Without wood aging, it has acidity, fruitiness and some dry tannins. Drink from the end of 2015.', "Lightly creamy fruit and vanilla flavors follow melon, apple and baking spice aromas in this wine. It's a pleasant, straightforward easy-drinker.", 'This blend of 43% Zinfandel, 30% Syrah, 20% Merlot, 6% Petite Sirah and 1% “other,” this is overly acidic and watery, with thin fruit flavors. END
START HERE Lightly creamy fruit and vanilla flavors follow melon, apple and baking spice aromas in this wine. It's a pleasant, straightforward easy-drinker.", 'This blend of 43% Zinfandel, 30% Syrah, 20% Merlot, 6% Petite Sirah and 1% “other,” this is overly acidic and watery, with thin fruit flavors.', 'This soft, simple Chardonnay is sweet in caramel, buttered popcorn and lemon-pineapple juice flavors. It quickly turns cloying after a sip. END
START HERE This blend of 43% Zinfandel, 30% Syrah, 20% Merlot, 6% Petite Sirah and 1% “other,” this is overly acidic and watery, with thin fruit flavors.', 'This soft, simple Chardonnay is sweet in caramel, buttered popcorn and lemon-pineapple juice flavors. It quickly turns cloying after a sip.', 'Earthy, leafy red-fruit aromas are a bit rustic and burnt-smelling. This solid, chunky Pinot has spicy oak leading slightly cooked but good berry flavors. A woody, somewhat hot finish is somewhat generic. END
START HERE This soft, simple Chardonnay is sweet in caramel, buttered popcorn and lemon-pineapple juice flavors. It quickly turns cloying after a sip.', 'Earthy, leafy red-fruit aromas are a bit rustic and burnt-smelling. This solid, chunky Pinot has spicy oak leading slightly cooked but good berry flavors. A woody, somewhat hot finish is somewhat generic.', 'Aromas of fresh-cut grass, citrus peel and yeasty dust are typical of the Casablanca region. A round mouthfeel offers proper acidic cut, while flavors of grapefruit, lime and bell pepper finish green but fresh. END
START HERE Earthy, leafy red-fruit aromas are a bit rustic and burnt-smelling. This solid, chunky Pinot has spicy oak leading slightly cooked but good berry flavors. A woody, somewhat hot finish is somewhat generic.', 'Aromas of fresh-cut grass, citrus peel and yeasty dust are typical of the Casablanca region. A round mouthfeel offers proper acidic cut, while flavors of grapefruit, lime and bell pepper finish green but fresh.', 'Perfumed with rose petal and leather notes, this is a classic Zin—smooth, rich with red fruit and cocoa, and with a smoky, oak finish. Fairly priced and ready to drink now. END
START HERE Aromas of fresh-cut grass, citrus peel and yeasty dust are typical of the Casablanca region. A round mouthfeel offers proper acidic cut, while flavors of grapefruit, lime and bell pepper finish green but fresh.', 'Perfumed with rose petal and leather notes, this is a classic Zin—smooth, rich with red fruit and cocoa, and with a smoky, oak finish. Fairly priced and ready to drink now.', 'Dull and soft, with vegetal and candied berry flavors. END
START HERE Perfumed with rose petal and leather notes, this is a classic Zin—smooth, rich with red fruit and cocoa, and with a smoky, oak finish. Fairly priced and ready to drink now.', 'Dull and soft, with vegetal and candied berry flavors.', 'Toasty but also pickled, with a lot of wood spice and other oak-based aromas and flavors. At one moment the wine seems to have the right stuff: citrus and some length. But upon further inspection the fruit turns foxy and shows itself to be overripe. Loses steam as it unfolds. Imported by North American Beverage Group. END
START HERE Dull and soft, with vegetal and candied berry flavors.', 'Toasty but also pickled, with a lot of wood spice and other oak-based aromas and flavors. At one moment the wine seems to have the right stuff: citrus and some length. But upon further inspection the fruit turns foxy and shows itself to be overripe. Loses steam as it unfolds. Imported by North American Beverage Group.', 'Light-bodied wine, with fresh spice and stalky tannins. There is bright black currant acidity, giving an edge to the wood perfumes. END
START HERE Toasty but also pickled, with a lot of wood spice and other oak-based aromas and flavors. At one moment the wine seems to have the right stuff: citrus and some length. But upon further inspection the fruit turns foxy and shows itself to be overripe. Loses steam as it unfolds. Imported by North American Beverage Group.', 'Light-bodied wine, with fresh spice and stalky tannins. There is bright black currant acidity, giving an edge to the wood perfumes.', 'A fleshy wine with aromas of wet clay and earth. It seems a little hot and herbal at its foundation, but around the edges there are flavors of cherry and raspberry. The feel is chunky and innocuous, with mild tannins. END
START HERE Light-bodied wine, with fresh spice and stalky tannins. There is bright black currant acidity, giving an edge to the wood perfumes.', 'A fleshy wine with aromas of wet clay and earth. It seems a little hot and herbal at its foundation, but around the edges there are flavors of cherry and raspberry. The feel is chunky and innocuous, with mild tannins.', 'Offers heady aromas of mashed peaches, banana, blueberry and walnut. The palate matches the nose in flavors and intensity, but is lifted by the vibrant acidity and somewhat prickly texture. Finishes clean with moderate length. END
START HERE A fleshy wine with aromas of wet clay and earth. It seems a little hot and herbal at its foundation, but around the edges there are flavors of cherry and raspberry. The feel is chunky and innocuous, with mild tannins.', 'Offers heady aromas of mashed peaches, banana, blueberry and walnut. The palate matches the nose in flavors and intensity, but is lifted by the vibrant acidity and somewhat prickly texture. Finishes clean with moderate length.', 'Named for brand co-founder Janie Master, this wine shows peach ripeness and dried herb sharpness on the nose, along with a slightly sweet reductive funk. The flavors offer lime on nectarine, with a nice tension between perceived sweetness and the sour/bitter side of the grape. END
START HERE Offers heady aromas of mashed peaches, banana, blueberry and walnut. The palate matches the nose in flavors and intensity, but is lifted by the vibrant acidity and somewhat prickly texture. Finishes clean with moderate length.', 'Named for brand co-founder Janie Master, this wine shows peach ripeness and dried herb sharpness on the nose, along with a slightly sweet reductive funk. The flavors offer lime on nectarine, with a nice tension between perceived sweetness and the sour/bitter side of the grape.', 'Flat on the nose, then almost identical on the palate, this blend of Malbec, Syrah and Bonarda tastes grassy, lightly green and weedy. Cherry and berry flavors are weak. Tasted twice with similar results. END
START HERE Named for brand co-founder Janie Master, this wine shows peach ripeness and dried herb sharpness on the nose, along with a slightly sweet reductive funk. The flavors offer lime on nectarine, with a nice tension between perceived sweetness and the sour/bitter side of the grape.', 'Flat on the nose, then almost identical on the palate, this blend of Malbec, Syrah and Bonarda tastes grassy, lightly green and weedy. Cherry and berry flavors are weak. Tasted twice with similar results.', 'This easy-to-drink wine has aromas of blackberry and cassis with a touch of bell pepper. Offering good mouthfeel and smooth tannins, it has flavors of black cherry, eucalyptus, chocolate and smoked meat, with a touch of orange peel on the finish. END
START HERE Flat on the nose, then almost identical on the palate, this blend of Malbec, Syrah and Bonarda tastes grassy, lightly green and weedy. Cherry and berry flavors are weak. Tasted twice with similar results.', 'This easy-to-drink wine has aromas of blackberry and cassis with a touch of bell pepper. Offering good mouthfeel and smooth tannins, it has flavors of black cherry, eucalyptus, chocolate and smoked meat, with a touch of orange peel on the finish.', 'Bring on the canapés to eat with this dry, crisp and savory Sauvignon Blanc. And look at that everyday price. The wine is high in acidity and dry, with palate-stimulating lemon, lime, honeysuckle, spice and vanilla flavors. END
START HERE This easy-to-drink wine has aromas of blackberry and cassis with a touch of bell pepper. Offering good mouthfeel and smooth tannins, it has flavors of black cherry, eucalyptus, chocolate and smoked meat, with a touch of orange peel on the finish.', 'Bring on the canapés to eat with this dry, crisp and savory Sauvignon Blanc. And look at that everyday price. The wine is high in acidity and dry, with palate-stimulating lemon, lime, honeysuckle, spice and vanilla flavors.', "This is one of those fresh, young Cabs that reminds you of Beaujolais. It's fruity and silky and jammy, with a pink bubblegum gassiness. Give it a chill, cut it with some sparkling water, put in a slice of strawberry and enjoy. END
START HERE Bring on the canapés to eat with this dry, crisp and savory Sauvignon Blanc. And look at that everyday price. The wine is high in acidity and dry, with palate-stimulating lemon, lime, honeysuckle, spice and vanilla flavors.', "This is one of those fresh, young Cabs that reminds you of Beaujolais. It's fruity and silky and jammy, with a pink bubblegum gassiness. Give it a chill, cut it with some sparkling water, put in a slice of strawberry and enjoy.", 'Aromas of black cherry, saddle leather and coffee prepare the palate for flavors of raspberry, cherry, mocha, and mountainside herbs. There is a pleasing balance of grippy tannins and bright acidity, with an especially zesty flash of cherry on the finish. END
START HERE This is one of those fresh, young Cabs that reminds you of Beaujolais. It's fruity and silky and jammy, with a pink bubblegum gassiness. Give it a chill, cut it with some sparkling water, put in a slice of strawberry and enjoy.", 'Aromas of black cherry, saddle leather and coffee prepare the palate for flavors of raspberry, cherry, mocha, and mountainside herbs. There is a pleasing balance of grippy tannins and bright acidity, with an especially zesty flash of cherry on the finish.', "A weird wine with a distinct and overriding clove character that's manifested on the nose, palate and finish. One-dimensional and strange, with way too much clove impact. END
START HERE Aromas of black cherry, saddle leather and coffee prepare the palate for flavors of raspberry, cherry, mocha, and mountainside herbs. There is a pleasing balance of grippy tannins and bright acidity, with an especially zesty flash of cherry on the finish.', "A weird wine with a distinct and overriding clove character that's manifested on the nose, palate and finish. One-dimensional and strange, with way too much clove impact.", "Here's a Chardonnay that makes no apologies for what it is. It's simple, direct and sweet, with apricot, orange and vanilla flavors. The price is right for what you get. END
START HERE A weird wine with a distinct and overriding clove character that's manifested on the nose, palate and finish. One-dimensional and strange, with way too much clove impact.", "Here's a Chardonnay that makes no apologies for what it is. It's simple, direct and sweet, with apricot, orange and vanilla flavors. The price is right for what you get.", 'Feels pinched and harsh in the mouth, with simple, sweet blackberry Pop-Tart flavors. END
START HERE Here's a Chardonnay that makes no apologies for what it is. It's simple, direct and sweet, with apricot, orange and vanilla flavors. The price is right for what you get.", 'Feels pinched and harsh in the mouth, with simple, sweet blackberry Pop-Tart flavors.', 'A simple, citrusy quaff that leans heavily toward pineapple and grapefruit. Some melon flavors round out the package. END
START HERE Feels pinched and harsh in the mouth, with simple, sweet blackberry Pop-Tart flavors.', 'A simple, citrusy quaff that leans heavily toward pineapple and grapefruit. Some melon flavors round out the package.', "There's lots to like in this affordable Merlot, and it's not just the fantastic label of a young, beautiful Marilyn Monroe. The wine itself is dry and firm in tannins, with blackberry and chocolate-covered raisin flavors. The alcohol is a refreshingly low 12.5% by volume. A great accomplishment. Production was 4,000 cases. END
START HERE A simple, citrusy quaff that leans heavily toward pineapple and grapefruit. Some melon flavors round out the package.', "There's lots to like in this affordable Merlot, and it's not just the fantastic label of a young, beautiful Marilyn Monroe. The wine itself is dry and firm in tannins, with blackberry and chocolate-covered raisin flavors. The alcohol is a refreshingly low 12.5% by volume. A great accomplishment. Production was 4,000 cases.", "Small-production (300 cases total) SB from high-elevation vineyards with solid apple and citrus aromas. Basic but clean, with lemon, orange, grapefruit and nectarine flavors. Good for Argentina, which doesn't have much of a track record with Sauvignon Blanc. Drink now. END
START HERE There's lots to like in this affordable Merlot, and it's not just the fantastic label of a young, beautiful Marilyn Monroe. The wine itself is dry and firm in tannins, with blackberry and chocolate-covered raisin flavors. The alcohol is a refreshingly low 12.5% by volume. A great accomplishment. Production was 4,000 cases.", "Small-production (300 cases total) SB from high-elevation vineyards with solid apple and citrus aromas. Basic but clean, with lemon, orange, grapefruit and nectarine flavors. Good for Argentina, which doesn't have much of a track record with Sauvignon Blanc. Drink now.", 'Compact and candied on the bouquet, with dusty red berry aromas. Feels blocky and tannic but healthy, with cassis and blackberry flavors touched up by typical Chilean herbal notes. A flavorful wine for everyday drinking. END
START HERE Small-production (300 cases total) SB from high-elevation vineyards with solid apple and citrus aromas. Basic but clean, with lemon, orange, grapefruit and nectarine flavors. Good for Argentina, which doesn't have much of a track record with Sauvignon Blanc. Drink now.", 'Compact and candied on the bouquet, with dusty red berry aromas. Feels blocky and tannic but healthy, with cassis and blackberry flavors touched up by typical Chilean herbal notes. A flavorful wine for everyday drinking.', 'This is a pretty good price for an everyday, introductory Pinot Noir. It shows proper qualities of dryness, silkiness and cherry cola flavors, enhanced with oaky notes. END
START HERE Compact and candied on the bouquet, with dusty red berry aromas. Feels blocky and tannic but healthy, with cassis and blackberry flavors touched up by typical Chilean herbal notes. A flavorful wine for everyday drinking.', 'This is a pretty good price for an everyday, introductory Pinot Noir. It shows proper qualities of dryness, silkiness and cherry cola flavors, enhanced with oaky notes.', 'Generally speaking, this a neutral wine that makes no impression. It shows pine and generic citrus on the nose, followed by equally generic apple and orange flavors. Waxy and drying on the finish, with limited scope and depth. Drink right away, if at all. END
START HERE This is a pretty good price for an everyday, introductory Pinot Noir. It shows proper qualities of dryness, silkiness and cherry cola flavors, enhanced with oaky notes.', 'Generally speaking, this a neutral wine that makes no impression. It shows pine and generic citrus on the nose, followed by equally generic apple and orange flavors. Waxy and drying on the finish, with limited scope and depth. Drink right away, if at all.', 'A clean and refreshing rosé, this opens with attractive scents of red cherry, strawberry and a hint of clementine. The medium-bodied mouthfeel is balanced by a good cut of vibrant acidity and bright fruit flavors. Melon and citrus rind flavors kiss the fleeting finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Generally speaking, this a neutral wine that makes no impression. It shows pine and generic citrus on the nose, followed by equally generic apple and orange flavors. Waxy and drying on the finish, with limited scope and depth. Drink right away, if at all.', 'A clean and refreshing rosé, this opens with attractive scents of red cherry, strawberry and a hint of clementine. The medium-bodied mouthfeel is balanced by a good cut of vibrant acidity and bright fruit flavors. Melon and citrus rind flavors kiss the fleeting finish. Drink now.', 'Syrah (61%), Mourvèdre and Gre-nache make up the bulk of this appealing wine. Bright aromas of strawberry candy, watermelon and orange rind are followed by mouthwatering citrus and cherry flavors. END
START HERE A clean and refreshing rosé, this opens with attractive scents of red cherry, strawberry and a hint of clementine. The medium-bodied mouthfeel is balanced by a good cut of vibrant acidity and bright fruit flavors. Melon and citrus rind flavors kiss the fleeting finish. Drink now.', 'Syrah (61%), Mourvèdre and Gre-nache make up the bulk of this appealing wine. Bright aromas of strawberry candy, watermelon and orange rind are followed by mouthwatering citrus and cherry flavors.', 'Simple apple and apricot aromas prevail on the nose. This feels lean, shallow and hollow, while flavors of peach pit and melon are somewhat bitter and finish abruptly. END
START HERE Syrah (61%), Mourvèdre and Gre-nache make up the bulk of this appealing wine. Bright aromas of strawberry candy, watermelon and orange rind are followed by mouthwatering citrus and cherry flavors.', 'Simple apple and apricot aromas prevail on the nose. This feels lean, shallow and hollow, while flavors of peach pit and melon are somewhat bitter and finish abruptly.', "Herbal aromas of tomato, spice and red plum are a fair announcement of what's to come, namely a sharp, acidic palate with sizzling plum and raspberry flavors. Blazing acidity and little body make for a long, tart finish. END
START HERE Simple apple and apricot aromas prevail on the nose. This feels lean, shallow and hollow, while flavors of peach pit and melon are somewhat bitter and finish abruptly.', "Herbal aromas of tomato, spice and red plum are a fair announcement of what's to come, namely a sharp, acidic palate with sizzling plum and raspberry flavors. Blazing acidity and little body make for a long, tart finish.", "It's a light and fruity wine, with a delicate texture and bright acidity. Soft and crisp, it's fine for an apéritif. END
START HERE Herbal aromas of tomato, spice and red plum are a fair announcement of what's to come, namely a sharp, acidic palate with sizzling plum and raspberry flavors. Blazing acidity and little body make for a long, tart finish.", "It's a light and fruity wine, with a delicate texture and bright acidity. Soft and crisp, it's fine for an apéritif.", 'At first, this smells unexpectedly of almonds. But overall, this is a viscous bottle of raisin, blackberry and tar flavors. END
START HERE It's a light and fruity wine, with a delicate texture and bright acidity. Soft and crisp, it's fine for an apéritif.", 'At first, this smells unexpectedly of almonds. But overall, this is a viscous bottle of raisin, blackberry and tar flavors.', 'This Lodi Cabernet is priced to sell, but it has a sweltering swath of green pepper. END
START HERE At first, this smells unexpectedly of almonds. But overall, this is a viscous bottle of raisin, blackberry and tar flavors.', 'This Lodi Cabernet is priced to sell, but it has a sweltering swath of green pepper.', 'Smells barbecued and saucy, with dry oak, resin and smoked meat aromas. The palate is more acidic, while the flavors lean toward resiny and saucy, i.e. hickory and roasted berry. Oaky on the finish, with sawdust and vanilla flavors. END
START HERE This Lodi Cabernet is priced to sell, but it has a sweltering swath of green pepper.', 'Smells barbecued and saucy, with dry oak, resin and smoked meat aromas. The palate is more acidic, while the flavors lean toward resiny and saucy, i.e. hickory and roasted berry. Oaky on the finish, with sawdust and vanilla flavors.', "This wine, for Maule PN, is a consistent, proven value. It's lightly perfumed and peppery on the nose, with herb and leather hints. Has a good body, smooth tannins and acidity, and earthy flavors of strawberry and raspberry. Mild on the finish; tastes like Pinot should. END
START HERE Smells barbecued and saucy, with dry oak, resin and smoked meat aromas. The palate is more acidic, while the flavors lean toward resiny and saucy, i.e. hickory and roasted berry. Oaky on the finish, with sawdust and vanilla flavors.', "This wine, for Maule PN, is a consistent, proven value. It's lightly perfumed and peppery on the nose, with herb and leather hints. Has a good body, smooth tannins and acidity, and earthy flavors of strawberry and raspberry. Mild on the finish; tastes like Pinot should.", 'Made from 50% Grenache, 30% Cinsault and 20% Syrah, this is a vibrant, floral rosé, offering upfront aromas of iris, lavender and laurel that complement the raspberry and strawberry-hull core. The fruity palate is bright and refreshing, with ample acidity and just a hint of orange blossom on the finish. END
START HERE This wine, for Maule PN, is a consistent, proven value. It's lightly perfumed and peppery on the nose, with herb and leather hints. Has a good body, smooth tannins and acidity, and earthy flavors of strawberry and raspberry. Mild on the finish; tastes like Pinot should.", 'Made from 50% Grenache, 30% Cinsault and 20% Syrah, this is a vibrant, floral rosé, offering upfront aromas of iris, lavender and laurel that complement the raspberry and strawberry-hull core. The fruity palate is bright and refreshing, with ample acidity and just a hint of orange blossom on the finish.', "Just barely drinkable. It's not dirty or anything, but watery and very fruity. END
START HERE Made from 50% Grenache, 30% Cinsault and 20% Syrah, this is a vibrant, floral rosé, offering upfront aromas of iris, lavender and laurel that complement the raspberry and strawberry-hull core. The fruity palate is bright and refreshing, with ample acidity and just a hint of orange blossom on the finish.', "Just barely drinkable. It's not dirty or anything, but watery and very fruity.", 'This is smooth and easy to drink, with a soft texture, almost sweet strawberry jam flavors, and a touch of spicy, nutty oak that firms it up on the finish. END
START HERE Just barely drinkable. It's not dirty or anything, but watery and very fruity.", 'This is smooth and easy to drink, with a soft texture, almost sweet strawberry jam flavors, and a touch of spicy, nutty oak that firms it up on the finish.', 'Leafy, dry and earthy on the nose, with a hint of flowery red fruit. The palate rings with sharp acidity, which livens up blackberry, herb, black tea and carob flavors. Shows a lot of wayward, unintegrated oak on the finish but stays bright due to juicy acidity. END
START HERE This is smooth and easy to drink, with a soft texture, almost sweet strawberry jam flavors, and a touch of spicy, nutty oak that firms it up on the finish.', 'Leafy, dry and earthy on the nose, with a hint of flowery red fruit. The palate rings with sharp acidity, which livens up blackberry, herb, black tea and carob flavors. Shows a lot of wayward, unintegrated oak on the finish but stays bright due to juicy acidity.', 'Fleshy, melony scents kick it off. That set of aromas is followed by an acidic, lively palate with generic, slightly mealy flavors of peach, citrus and light oak. Long but a little bitter on the finish, but with good acid-driven zest. END
START HERE Leafy, dry and earthy on the nose, with a hint of flowery red fruit. The palate rings with sharp acidity, which livens up blackberry, herb, black tea and carob flavors. Shows a lot of wayward, unintegrated oak on the finish but stays bright due to juicy acidity.', 'Fleshy, melony scents kick it off. That set of aromas is followed by an acidic, lively palate with generic, slightly mealy flavors of peach, citrus and light oak. Long but a little bitter on the finish, but with good acid-driven zest.', "Simple and harsh in texture, this Pinot has the variety's silky texture, but not much else going for it. The flavors are minty and green, with just the barest suggestion of cherries. END
START HERE Fleshy, melony scents kick it off. That set of aromas is followed by an acidic, lively palate with generic, slightly mealy flavors of peach, citrus and light oak. Long but a little bitter on the finish, but with good acid-driven zest.', "Simple and harsh in texture, this Pinot has the variety's silky texture, but not much else going for it. The flavors are minty and green, with just the barest suggestion of cherries.", "While the tannins are still powerful and dense, the wine has rich berry fruits and juicy acidity that give freshness. It's ripe, well balanced, and full bodied, with a dark, concentrated character at the end. Drink from 2016. END
START HERE Simple and harsh in texture, this Pinot has the variety's silky texture, but not much else going for it. The flavors are minty and green, with just the barest suggestion of cherries.", "While the tannins are still powerful and dense, the wine has rich berry fruits and juicy acidity that give freshness. It's ripe, well balanced, and full bodied, with a dark, concentrated character at the end. Drink from 2016.", 'Light in body, with pineapple and mint aromas and tart, citrusy and green flavors. Metallic on the finish. END
START HERE While the tannins are still powerful and dense, the wine has rich berry fruits and juicy acidity that give freshness. It's ripe, well balanced, and full bodied, with a dark, concentrated character at the end. Drink from 2016.", 'Light in body, with pineapple and mint aromas and tart, citrusy and green flavors. Metallic on the finish.', "This Syrah-Merlot blush has a pretty color, but there's not much going on, flavor-wise. It tastes like alcohol and acidity, with a tiny splash of cherry flavoring. END
START HERE Light in body, with pineapple and mint aromas and tart, citrusy and green flavors. Metallic on the finish.', "This Syrah-Merlot blush has a pretty color, but there's not much going on, flavor-wise. It tastes like alcohol and acidity, with a tiny splash of cherry flavoring.", "Great price for a big production (5,000 cases) Chardonnay of this quality. It's dry and crisp and elegantly structured, with savory citrus fruit, peach, mineral and vanilla flavors. Easily as good as many Chards far more costly. From Don Sebastiani & Sons. END
START HERE This Syrah-Merlot blush has a pretty color, but there's not much going on, flavor-wise. It tastes like alcohol and acidity, with a tiny splash of cherry flavoring.", "Great price for a big production (5,000 cases) Chardonnay of this quality. It's dry and crisp and elegantly structured, with savory citrus fruit, peach, mineral and vanilla flavors. Easily as good as many Chards far more costly. From Don Sebastiani & Sons.", 'Punchy aromas of grapefruit and jalapeño form the greeting on this lean but refreshing wine. A straightforward palate offers zesty acidity, while flavors of white pepper, sea salt, grapefruit and lime lead straight through the finish. END
START HERE Great price for a big production (5,000 cases) Chardonnay of this quality. It's dry and crisp and elegantly structured, with savory citrus fruit, peach, mineral and vanilla flavors. Easily as good as many Chards far more costly. From Don Sebastiani & Sons.", 'Punchy aromas of grapefruit and jalapeño form the greeting on this lean but refreshing wine. A straightforward palate offers zesty acidity, while flavors of white pepper, sea salt, grapefruit and lime lead straight through the finish.', 'Violet and berry aromas are pleasant, fresh and not too demanding or loud. This is solid in feel, maybe a bit simple overall, with plum, berry and a touch of char making up the flavor profile. Generic berry flavors and a dry feel define the finish. END
START HERE Punchy aromas of grapefruit and jalapeño form the greeting on this lean but refreshing wine. A straightforward palate offers zesty acidity, while flavors of white pepper, sea salt, grapefruit and lime lead straight through the finish.', 'Violet and berry aromas are pleasant, fresh and not too demanding or loud. This is solid in feel, maybe a bit simple overall, with plum, berry and a touch of char making up the flavor profile. Generic berry flavors and a dry feel define the finish.', 'This is a lovely blend of Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and a tiny part Sangiovese that shows dark fruit and spice with blackberry and rum cake at the back. The wine feel soft and plush on the palate. END
START HERE Violet and berry aromas are pleasant, fresh and not too demanding or loud. This is solid in feel, maybe a bit simple overall, with plum, berry and a touch of char making up the flavor profile. Generic berry flavors and a dry feel define the finish.', 'This is a lovely blend of Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and a tiny part Sangiovese that shows dark fruit and spice with blackberry and rum cake at the back. The wine feel soft and plush on the palate.', 'Waterbrook consistently provides high-quality wines at affordable prices and this appealing Cabernet is just another example. Dark cherry, cocoa and barrel notes from a kiss of new American oak (19%) lead to a palate with broad cherry flavors and grainy tannins. END
START HERE This is a lovely blend of Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and a tiny part Sangiovese that shows dark fruit and spice with blackberry and rum cake at the back. The wine feel soft and plush on the palate.', 'Waterbrook consistently provides high-quality wines at affordable prices and this appealing Cabernet is just another example. Dark cherry, cocoa and barrel notes from a kiss of new American oak (19%) lead to a palate with broad cherry flavors and grainy tannins.', "This winery's investment in organic viticulture seems to have paid off. Fresh apple mixes with cotton candy on the nose while more serious notes of apricot and pear take over in the mouth. Vanilla and caramel linger on the zingy finish. END
START HERE Waterbrook consistently provides high-quality wines at affordable prices and this appealing Cabernet is just another example. Dark cherry, cocoa and barrel notes from a kiss of new American oak (19%) lead to a palate with broad cherry flavors and grainy tannins.', "This winery's investment in organic viticulture seems to have paid off. Fresh apple mixes with cotton candy on the nose while more serious notes of apricot and pear take over in the mouth. Vanilla and caramel linger on the zingy finish.", "Simple fruit and a sweet, almost candied flavor. This wine seems unbalanced. There's an odd hole in the middle, and very little weight or tannin in the finish. It's all forward, sweet fruit, more like candy than berries. END
START HERE This winery's investment in organic viticulture seems to have paid off. Fresh apple mixes with cotton candy on the nose while more serious notes of apricot and pear take over in the mouth. Vanilla and caramel linger on the zingy finish.", "Simple fruit and a sweet, almost candied flavor. This wine seems unbalanced. There's an odd hole in the middle, and very little weight or tannin in the finish. It's all forward, sweet fruit, more like candy than berries.", 'Good, standard Cabernet, properly dry and full-bodied, with blackberry and cherry flavors. The price is okay for the quality. END
START HERE Simple fruit and a sweet, almost candied flavor. This wine seems unbalanced. There's an odd hole in the middle, and very little weight or tannin in the finish. It's all forward, sweet fruit, more like candy than berries.", 'Good, standard Cabernet, properly dry and full-bodied, with blackberry and cherry flavors. The price is okay for the quality.', 'Dark garnet in the glass, this wine has a bouquet of black cherry, vanilla and anise. Flavors of black cherry, raspberry, chocolate and violet roll on the tongue amidst almost chewy tannins that are kept in check by bright acidity. There is a strong note of cranberry on the finish and a touch of chocolate on the post-palate. END
START HERE Good, standard Cabernet, properly dry and full-bodied, with blackberry and cherry flavors. The price is okay for the quality.', 'Dark garnet in the glass, this wine has a bouquet of black cherry, vanilla and anise. Flavors of black cherry, raspberry, chocolate and violet roll on the tongue amidst almost chewy tannins that are kept in check by bright acidity. There is a strong note of cranberry on the finish and a touch of chocolate on the post-palate.', 'A decent, everyday Chardonnay, dry and crisp in acidity, with citrus, peach and tropical fruit flavors that finish a little sweet. END
START HERE Dark garnet in the glass, this wine has a bouquet of black cherry, vanilla and anise. Flavors of black cherry, raspberry, chocolate and violet roll on the tongue amidst almost chewy tannins that are kept in check by bright acidity. There is a strong note of cranberry on the finish and a touch of chocolate on the post-palate.', 'A decent, everyday Chardonnay, dry and crisp in acidity, with citrus, peach and tropical fruit flavors that finish a little sweet.', 'The sweetest of the Blue Moon Riesling trio, this is also lowest in alcohol, and has a semi-sparkling (frizzante) level of bubbles. In terms of flavor, it could be a dead ringer for an inexpensive Italian Moscato. END
START HERE A decent, everyday Chardonnay, dry and crisp in acidity, with citrus, peach and tropical fruit flavors that finish a little sweet.', 'The sweetest of the Blue Moon Riesling trio, this is also lowest in alcohol, and has a semi-sparkling (frizzante) level of bubbles. In terms of flavor, it could be a dead ringer for an inexpensive Italian Moscato.', 'A peppery, dried-herb aroma and rich chocolate and blackberry flavors make a nice combination in this medium- to full-bodied wine. It feels supple, tastes concentrated and has a lingering, jammy finish. END
START HERE The sweetest of the Blue Moon Riesling trio, this is also lowest in alcohol, and has a semi-sparkling (frizzante) level of bubbles. In terms of flavor, it could be a dead ringer for an inexpensive Italian Moscato.', 'A peppery, dried-herb aroma and rich chocolate and blackberry flavors make a nice combination in this medium- to full-bodied wine. It feels supple, tastes concentrated and has a lingering, jammy finish.', 'Lightly floral, showing a hint of minerality and pink grapefruit fruit. There is a fine apple skin edge to this bright wine. Screwcap. END
START HERE A peppery, dried-herb aroma and rich chocolate and blackberry flavors make a nice combination in this medium- to full-bodied wine. It feels supple, tastes concentrated and has a lingering, jammy finish.', 'Lightly floral, showing a hint of minerality and pink grapefruit fruit. There is a fine apple skin edge to this bright wine. Screwcap.', 'Black ash, cedar and crushed raspberries are the aromas here, while an underlying note of wet earth keeps things grounded. The palate has a sweet cherry cordial character while the short finish offers up a hit of mixed berry soup. Drink up. END
START HERE Lightly floral, showing a hint of minerality and pink grapefruit fruit. There is a fine apple skin edge to this bright wine. Screwcap.', 'Black ash, cedar and crushed raspberries are the aromas here, while an underlying note of wet earth keeps things grounded. The palate has a sweet cherry cordial character while the short finish offers up a hit of mixed berry soup. Drink up.', "An interesting Chard that offers quite sweet notes of stewed peaches, orange marmalade and overripe honeydew. Big and a bit clumsy in the mouth, more vibrancy and freshness is needed to keep things in better balance. However, if you like 'em sweeter, this one's for you. END
START HERE Black ash, cedar and crushed raspberries are the aromas here, while an underlying note of wet earth keeps things grounded. The palate has a sweet cherry cordial character while the short finish offers up a hit of mixed berry soup. Drink up.', "An interesting Chard that offers quite sweet notes of stewed peaches, orange marmalade and overripe honeydew. Big and a bit clumsy in the mouth, more vibrancy and freshness is needed to keep things in better balance. However, if you like 'em sweeter, this one's for you.", 'Big, bold and fruity wine, boasting deliciously ripe black fruits and a smooth, just tannic texture. All fruit, this is the perfect barbecue wine: rich, open and generous. Drink now and until 2016. END
START HERE An interesting Chard that offers quite sweet notes of stewed peaches, orange marmalade and overripe honeydew. Big and a bit clumsy in the mouth, more vibrancy and freshness is needed to keep things in better balance. However, if you like 'em sweeter, this one's for you.", 'Big, bold and fruity wine, boasting deliciously ripe black fruits and a smooth, just tannic texture. All fruit, this is the perfect barbecue wine: rich, open and generous. Drink now and until 2016.', 'Black-fruit aromas include overripe prune along with herbal hints. In the mouth, this Syrah-Merlot-Cabernet blend is pulling and tannic. Toasty oak, blackberry and barrel-based spice flavors finish dry as a bone, with roughness. Drink through 2020. END
START HERE Big, bold and fruity wine, boasting deliciously ripe black fruits and a smooth, just tannic texture. All fruit, this is the perfect barbecue wine: rich, open and generous. Drink now and until 2016.', 'Black-fruit aromas include overripe prune along with herbal hints. In the mouth, this Syrah-Merlot-Cabernet blend is pulling and tannic. Toasty oak, blackberry and barrel-based spice flavors finish dry as a bone, with roughness. Drink through 2020.', "Low in price, high in quantity, low in quality. Dry and tannic with an off taste, the wine doesn't get better with time. END
START HERE Black-fruit aromas include overripe prune along with herbal hints. In the mouth, this Syrah-Merlot-Cabernet blend is pulling and tannic. Toasty oak, blackberry and barrel-based spice flavors finish dry as a bone, with roughness. Drink through 2020.', "Low in price, high in quantity, low in quality. Dry and tannic with an off taste, the wine doesn't get better with time.", 'This deeply colored, full-bodied wine is as good as many at twice the price. Smoky, charred aromas lead to potent flavors that combine toasted oak nuances with concentrated espresso and dark chocolate. Plenty of fine-grained tannins add to the suede-like texture. END
START HERE Low in price, high in quantity, low in quality. Dry and tannic with an off taste, the wine doesn't get better with time.", 'This deeply colored, full-bodied wine is as good as many at twice the price. Smoky, charred aromas lead to potent flavors that combine toasted oak nuances with concentrated espresso and dark chocolate. Plenty of fine-grained tannins add to the suede-like texture.', 'Situated at the highest point of the Entre-deux-Mers region, the estate is dominated by the ripe Merlot in this wine. It is fruity and soft with lively acidity and gentle tannins. There is a touch of wood from the aging, although the fruitiness is what this wine is about. Drink from 2017. END
START HERE This deeply colored, full-bodied wine is as good as many at twice the price. Smoky, charred aromas lead to potent flavors that combine toasted oak nuances with concentrated espresso and dark chocolate. Plenty of fine-grained tannins add to the suede-like texture.', 'Situated at the highest point of the Entre-deux-Mers region, the estate is dominated by the ripe Merlot in this wine. It is fruity and soft with lively acidity and gentle tannins. There is a touch of wood from the aging, although the fruitiness is what this wine is about. Drink from 2017.', 'Has some overripe flavors of raisin skins, with bitter tannins, but the wine is fully dry, with enough black currant, coffee, black licorice and plum flavors to satisfy. Barbecue will be a perfect partner for this affordable Zin. END
START HERE Situated at the highest point of the Entre-deux-Mers region, the estate is dominated by the ripe Merlot in this wine. It is fruity and soft with lively acidity and gentle tannins. There is a touch of wood from the aging, although the fruitiness is what this wine is about. Drink from 2017.', 'Has some overripe flavors of raisin skins, with bitter tannins, but the wine is fully dry, with enough black currant, coffee, black licorice and plum flavors to satisfy. Barbecue will be a perfect partner for this affordable Zin.', "This wine is fresh, crisp and fruity. With its almost-white color and green and citrus fruits, there is only the merest hint to suggest a rosé. It's an attractive wine, but hardly typical. END
START HERE Has some overripe flavors of raisin skins, with bitter tannins, but the wine is fully dry, with enough black currant, coffee, black licorice and plum flavors to satisfy. Barbecue will be a perfect partner for this affordable Zin.', "This wine is fresh, crisp and fruity. With its almost-white color and green and citrus fruits, there is only the merest hint to suggest a rosé. It's an attractive wine, but hardly typical.", "User-friendly Chard, all toasty-spicy apples, and peaches and cream. There's almond-skin bitterness in the aftertaste that sort of sets your teeth on edge, but food will take care of that. —S.H. END
START HERE This wine is fresh, crisp and fruity. With its almost-white color and green and citrus fruits, there is only the merest hint to suggest a rosé. It's an attractive wine, but hardly typical.", "User-friendly Chard, all toasty-spicy apples, and peaches and cream. There's almond-skin bitterness in the aftertaste that sort of sets your teeth on edge, but food will take care of that. —S.H.", "Impressive for a $12 Old Vine Zin, this wine is spicy and full of pepper, much more savory than sweet with plenty of texture midpalate and decent length. Definitely full-bodied, it'll stand up to a plethora of rich foods and even age another couple of years. END
START HERE User-friendly Chard, all toasty-spicy apples, and peaches and cream. There's almond-skin bitterness in the aftertaste that sort of sets your teeth on edge, but food will take care of that. —S.H.", "Impressive for a $12 Old Vine Zin, this wine is spicy and full of pepper, much more savory than sweet with plenty of texture midpalate and decent length. Definitely full-bodied, it'll stand up to a plethora of rich foods and even age another couple of years.", "Neutral, fresh and regular on the nose, with mild white fruit aromas. The palate is sound but fleshy, with somewhat bland apple and pear flavors. Clear and solid on the finish, and overall you won't find anything glaringly wrong with this basic Chardonnay. END
START HERE Impressive for a $12 Old Vine Zin, this wine is spicy and full of pepper, much more savory than sweet with plenty of texture midpalate and decent length. Definitely full-bodied, it'll stand up to a plethora of rich foods and even age another couple of years.", "Neutral, fresh and regular on the nose, with mild white fruit aromas. The palate is sound but fleshy, with somewhat bland apple and pear flavors. Clear and solid on the finish, and overall you won't find anything glaringly wrong with this basic Chardonnay.", "Decent everyday sipper, with heaps of sweet berry flavors wrapped in silky bright acids and dusty tannins. It's kind of thin in structure and in the finish, but is a perfectly nice quaff for the price. —S.H. END
START HERE Neutral, fresh and regular on the nose, with mild white fruit aromas. The palate is sound but fleshy, with somewhat bland apple and pear flavors. Clear and solid on the finish, and overall you won't find anything glaringly wrong with this basic Chardonnay.", "Decent everyday sipper, with heaps of sweet berry flavors wrapped in silky bright acids and dusty tannins. It's kind of thin in structure and in the finish, but is a perfectly nice quaff for the price. —S.H.", 'Made of 90% Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo, this has delicate black-skinned fruit and violet aromas. The simple palate offers black cherry and underbrush notes as well as smooth tannins. Enjoy soon. END
START HERE Decent everyday sipper, with heaps of sweet berry flavors wrapped in silky bright acids and dusty tannins. It's kind of thin in structure and in the finish, but is a perfectly nice quaff for the price. —S.H.", 'Made of 90% Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo, this has delicate black-skinned fruit and violet aromas. The simple palate offers black cherry and underbrush notes as well as smooth tannins. Enjoy soon.', 'Subdued aromas of wild berry and forest floor lead the nose of this easygoing red. The vibrant palate delivers crunchy red cherry, tart red currant and a hint of mint alongside zesty acidity and fine-grained tannins. END
START HERE Made of 90% Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo, this has delicate black-skinned fruit and violet aromas. The simple palate offers black cherry and underbrush notes as well as smooth tannins. Enjoy soon.', 'Subdued aromas of wild berry and forest floor lead the nose of this easygoing red. The vibrant palate delivers crunchy red cherry, tart red currant and a hint of mint alongside zesty acidity and fine-grained tannins.', 'Generous flavors with a full body add up to a very likable, mouthfilling wine that will love a juicy steak or grilled lamb chop. Almost-sweet spices like vanilla and nutmeg come out in the aroma and persist through the fresh black cherry flavors and finish. END
START HERE Subdued aromas of wild berry and forest floor lead the nose of this easygoing red. The vibrant palate delivers crunchy red cherry, tart red currant and a hint of mint alongside zesty acidity and fine-grained tannins.', 'Generous flavors with a full body add up to a very likable, mouthfilling wine that will love a juicy steak or grilled lamb chop. Almost-sweet spices like vanilla and nutmeg come out in the aroma and persist through the fresh black cherry flavors and finish.', "Tastes like a white Rhône blend, with tangerine, white peach, nectarine and mineral flavors, but surprise, it's Chardonnay. Crisp acidity provides balance, and the finish is clean and elegant. Great price for a full-bodied white wine this rich. END
START HERE Generous flavors with a full body add up to a very likable, mouthfilling wine that will love a juicy steak or grilled lamb chop. Almost-sweet spices like vanilla and nutmeg come out in the aroma and persist through the fresh black cherry flavors and finish.', "Tastes like a white Rhône blend, with tangerine, white peach, nectarine and mineral flavors, but surprise, it's Chardonnay. Crisp acidity provides balance, and the finish is clean and elegant. Great price for a full-bodied white wine this rich.", 'Made with organic grapes, this charming young red has a delightful fragrance of blue flowers and woodland berries. The zesty palate doles out crunchy red berry and a hint of white pepper accompanied by lively acidity. END
START HERE Tastes like a white Rhône blend, with tangerine, white peach, nectarine and mineral flavors, but surprise, it's Chardonnay. Crisp acidity provides balance, and the finish is clean and elegant. Great price for a full-bodied white wine this rich.", 'Made with organic grapes, this charming young red has a delightful fragrance of blue flowers and woodland berries. The zesty palate doles out crunchy red berry and a hint of white pepper accompanied by lively acidity.', "Floral, fruity wine, very herbaceous in a New Zealand intense style. Grapefruit and melon give the wine great freshness. It's ready to drink. END
START HERE Made with organic grapes, this charming young red has a delightful fragrance of blue flowers and woodland berries. The zesty palate doles out crunchy red berry and a hint of white pepper accompanied by lively acidity.', "Floral, fruity wine, very herbaceous in a New Zealand intense style. Grapefruit and melon give the wine great freshness. It's ready to drink.", 'Rubbery and scratchy smelling on first take, with fiery berry aromas lurking below. After it airs out the wine is juicy and solid, with good balance and dark, spicy flavors of black fruits and chocolate. Tannic and steady on the finish. END
START HERE Floral, fruity wine, very herbaceous in a New Zealand intense style. Grapefruit and melon give the wine great freshness. It's ready to drink.", 'Rubbery and scratchy smelling on first take, with fiery berry aromas lurking below. After it airs out the wine is juicy and solid, with good balance and dark, spicy flavors of black fruits and chocolate. Tannic and steady on the finish.', 'Earthy, lactic aromas of berries and tomato propel foisted oak and eucalyptus notes towards a chewy, tannic palate. Herbal, oaky flavors of bell pepper, coffee grinds and toast surround generic berry notes, while this tastes of minty oak and green herbs on the finish. END
START HERE Rubbery and scratchy smelling on first take, with fiery berry aromas lurking below. After it airs out the wine is juicy and solid, with good balance and dark, spicy flavors of black fruits and chocolate. Tannic and steady on the finish.', 'Earthy, lactic aromas of berries and tomato propel foisted oak and eucalyptus notes towards a chewy, tannic palate. Herbal, oaky flavors of bell pepper, coffee grinds and toast surround generic berry notes, while this tastes of minty oak and green herbs on the finish.', "Lots of lusciousness in this blush Zin. It may be technically dry, like the label says, but there's a lush fruitiness to the strawberry, watermelon, vanilla and spice flavors. What a great summer brunch wine this is. END
START HERE Earthy, lactic aromas of berries and tomato propel foisted oak and eucalyptus notes towards a chewy, tannic palate. Herbal, oaky flavors of bell pepper, coffee grinds and toast surround generic berry notes, while this tastes of minty oak and green herbs on the finish.', "Lots of lusciousness in this blush Zin. It may be technically dry, like the label says, but there's a lush fruitiness to the strawberry, watermelon, vanilla and spice flavors. What a great summer brunch wine this is.", "The main thing to know about this Riesling is that It's quite sweet in oranges and pineapples. The all-important acidity is a little too soft for balance. END
START HERE Lots of lusciousness in this blush Zin. It may be technically dry, like the label says, but there's a lush fruitiness to the strawberry, watermelon, vanilla and spice flavors. What a great summer brunch wine this is.", "The main thing to know about this Riesling is that It's quite sweet in oranges and pineapples. The all-important acidity is a little too soft for balance.", 'Light aromas suggest butterscotch and baked apple, and indeed this is a soft SB with creamy, plump flavors of peach, melon and sugar. Sweet on the finish, and then it falls off the cliff before winding up a little mealy and bitter. END
START HERE The main thing to know about this Riesling is that It's quite sweet in oranges and pineapples. The all-important acidity is a little too soft for balance.", 'Light aromas suggest butterscotch and baked apple, and indeed this is a soft SB with creamy, plump flavors of peach, melon and sugar. Sweet on the finish, and then it falls off the cliff before winding up a little mealy and bitter.', "Tart in Meyer lemon and lime flavors, with a touch of vanilla cream, this Chardonnay is pleasant and direct. It's a nice everyday sipper. END
START HERE Light aromas suggest butterscotch and baked apple, and indeed this is a soft SB with creamy, plump flavors of peach, melon and sugar. Sweet on the finish, and then it falls off the cliff before winding up a little mealy and bitter.', "Tart in Meyer lemon and lime flavors, with a touch of vanilla cream, this Chardonnay is pleasant and direct. It's a nice everyday sipper.", 'Aromas of sawmill and burnt wood are dominant. This feels resiny and sticky. Flavors of spiced apple are smothered by heavy-handed oak, while this is flat as a board and resiny tasting on the finish. END
START HERE Tart in Meyer lemon and lime flavors, with a touch of vanilla cream, this Chardonnay is pleasant and direct. It's a nice everyday sipper.", 'Aromas of sawmill and burnt wood are dominant. This feels resiny and sticky. Flavors of spiced apple are smothered by heavy-handed oak, while this is flat as a board and resiny tasting on the finish.', 'A distinctive nose of fresh fruit, spice and citrus lead this luscious Chardonnay. On the palate, apricot and lemon, backed by toasted nuts, adds to the appeal. Clean and fresh while also full of body. An elegant food wine. END
START HERE Aromas of sawmill and burnt wood are dominant. This feels resiny and sticky. Flavors of spiced apple are smothered by heavy-handed oak, while this is flat as a board and resiny tasting on the finish.', 'A distinctive nose of fresh fruit, spice and citrus lead this luscious Chardonnay. On the palate, apricot and lemon, backed by toasted nuts, adds to the appeal. Clean and fresh while also full of body. An elegant food wine.', 'Great price for a Chardonnay of this quality. The grapes come from cool coastal areas, and the wine brims with crisp, long hangtime ripeness, accented with toasty oak. Feels rich and creamy, with pineapple, tropical fruit and vanilla flavors. END
START HERE A distinctive nose of fresh fruit, spice and citrus lead this luscious Chardonnay. On the palate, apricot and lemon, backed by toasted nuts, adds to the appeal. Clean and fresh while also full of body. An elegant food wine.', 'Great price for a Chardonnay of this quality. The grapes come from cool coastal areas, and the wine brims with crisp, long hangtime ripeness, accented with toasty oak. Feels rich and creamy, with pineapple, tropical fruit and vanilla flavors.', 'The wine relies entirely on its ripe fruit without any oak aging. That gives a fresh and fruity character, typical of the vintage, with red-fruit flavors and a fine line of acidity cutting through the gentle tannins. Drink now. END
START HERE Great price for a Chardonnay of this quality. The grapes come from cool coastal areas, and the wine brims with crisp, long hangtime ripeness, accented with toasty oak. Feels rich and creamy, with pineapple, tropical fruit and vanilla flavors.', 'The wine relies entirely on its ripe fruit without any oak aging. That gives a fresh and fruity character, typical of the vintage, with red-fruit flavors and a fine line of acidity cutting through the gentle tannins. Drink now.', 'Aromas of spearmint gum along with a weird coating of oak create a challenging nose. This is high in acidity, to the point of feeling shearing. Sour herbal plum flavors finish rough and bracing. END
START HERE The wine relies entirely on its ripe fruit without any oak aging. That gives a fresh and fruity character, typical of the vintage, with red-fruit flavors and a fine line of acidity cutting through the gentle tannins. Drink now.', 'Aromas of spearmint gum along with a weird coating of oak create a challenging nose. This is high in acidity, to the point of feeling shearing. Sour herbal plum flavors finish rough and bracing.', 'A soft, almost off dry wine that is full in the mouth. It has caramel and spice flavors as well as light acidity. The wine feels weighty and definitely needs food. END
START HERE Aromas of spearmint gum along with a weird coating of oak create a challenging nose. This is high in acidity, to the point of feeling shearing. Sour herbal plum flavors finish rough and bracing.', 'A soft, almost off dry wine that is full in the mouth. It has caramel and spice flavors as well as light acidity. The wine feels weighty and definitely needs food.', 'A blend of Syrah (60%), Grenache (17%), Cabernet Sauvignon (10%), Mourvèdre (10%), Cinsault (2%) and Counoise, this wine is very pale yellow-pink in color. It offers appealing aromas of orange rind, citrus and strawberry. The palate is dry and quite tart, loaded with citrus flavors. It brings a lot of enjoyment. END
START HERE A soft, almost off dry wine that is full in the mouth. It has caramel and spice flavors as well as light acidity. The wine feels weighty and definitely needs food.', 'A blend of Syrah (60%), Grenache (17%), Cabernet Sauvignon (10%), Mourvèdre (10%), Cinsault (2%) and Counoise, this wine is very pale yellow-pink in color. It offers appealing aromas of orange rind, citrus and strawberry. The palate is dry and quite tart, loaded with citrus flavors. It brings a lot of enjoyment.', 'Basic but in the best possible way. The nose is familiar, clean and inviting due to licorice, sweet black fruit and smoky aromas. Fresh in the mouth, with bright acidity pumping up berry, cassis and herbal flavors. Composed on the finish, with a high level of competence. END
START HERE A blend of Syrah (60%), Grenache (17%), Cabernet Sauvignon (10%), Mourvèdre (10%), Cinsault (2%) and Counoise, this wine is very pale yellow-pink in color. It offers appealing aromas of orange rind, citrus and strawberry. The palate is dry and quite tart, loaded with citrus flavors. It brings a lot of enjoyment.', 'Basic but in the best possible way. The nose is familiar, clean and inviting due to licorice, sweet black fruit and smoky aromas. Fresh in the mouth, with bright acidity pumping up berry, cassis and herbal flavors. Composed on the finish, with a high level of competence.', "Classic aromas of oak, spice, toast and vanilla lead on this dependable white from Le Bonheur. The wine's flavors offer a spicy minerality with a touch of liveliness that will pair well with more sophisticated seafood and ethnic dishes. END
START HERE Basic but in the best possible way. The nose is familiar, clean and inviting due to licorice, sweet black fruit and smoky aromas. Fresh in the mouth, with bright acidity pumping up berry, cassis and herbal flavors. Composed on the finish, with a high level of competence.', "Classic aromas of oak, spice, toast and vanilla lead on this dependable white from Le Bonheur. The wine's flavors offer a spicy minerality with a touch of liveliness that will pair well with more sophisticated seafood and ethnic dishes.", "Opens with true citrus, nettle and other snappy, prickly aromas. Like many Chilean SBs, it's fresh and charging, with zesty green-fruit and citrus flavors. Lime is present on the finish, as is a touch of lasting bitterness. Good but straightforward, and slightly narrow. END
START HERE Classic aromas of oak, spice, toast and vanilla lead on this dependable white from Le Bonheur. The wine's flavors offer a spicy minerality with a touch of liveliness that will pair well with more sophisticated seafood and ethnic dishes.", "Opens with true citrus, nettle and other snappy, prickly aromas. Like many Chilean SBs, it's fresh and charging, with zesty green-fruit and citrus flavors. Lime is present on the finish, as is a touch of lasting bitterness. Good but straightforward, and slightly narrow.", "Light in color, this has a nose that's defined by a leafy, herbal red-fruit aroma and a rubbery scent. The palate is light in feel and drying, with a spicy, dry red-fruit flavor and a buttery oak tone. Mellow and leafy on the finish. END
START HERE Opens with true citrus, nettle and other snappy, prickly aromas. Like many Chilean SBs, it's fresh and charging, with zesty green-fruit and citrus flavors. Lime is present on the finish, as is a touch of lasting bitterness. Good but straightforward, and slightly narrow.", "Light in color, this has a nose that's defined by a leafy, herbal red-fruit aroma and a rubbery scent. The palate is light in feel and drying, with a spicy, dry red-fruit flavor and a buttery oak tone. Mellow and leafy on the finish.", "Alejandro Hernandez, professor of viticulture and oenology at Chile's Catholic University, produced this attractive bottle of Chardonnay to drink tonight. Aromas of toasted oak, apple and pineapple open. The viscous mouthfeel is supported by crisp acidity. Offers a long apple-pineapple finish with a butterscotch finale. END
START HERE Light in color, this has a nose that's defined by a leafy, herbal red-fruit aroma and a rubbery scent. The palate is light in feel and drying, with a spicy, dry red-fruit flavor and a buttery oak tone. Mellow and leafy on the finish.", "Alejandro Hernandez, professor of viticulture and oenology at Chile's Catholic University, produced this attractive bottle of Chardonnay to drink tonight. Aromas of toasted oak, apple and pineapple open. The viscous mouthfeel is supported by crisp acidity. Offers a long apple-pineapple finish with a butterscotch finale.", 'Black fruit aromas blend with rubber to give the impression of hot tar, while the palate is higher in acid than expected, leaving a flavor profile of zesty raspberry and black cherry. Heat and black licorice stir up the finish. Decent but limited. END
START HERE Alejandro Hernandez, professor of viticulture and oenology at Chile's Catholic University, produced this attractive bottle of Chardonnay to drink tonight. Aromas of toasted oak, apple and pineapple open. The viscous mouthfeel is supported by crisp acidity. Offers a long apple-pineapple finish with a butterscotch finale.", 'Black fruit aromas blend with rubber to give the impression of hot tar, while the palate is higher in acid than expected, leaving a flavor profile of zesty raspberry and black cherry. Heat and black licorice stir up the finish. Decent but limited.', 'With a blackberry flavor and a juicy character, this is a wine that has a bright, fresh feel and soft tannins. END
START HERE Black fruit aromas blend with rubber to give the impression of hot tar, while the palate is higher in acid than expected, leaving a flavor profile of zesty raspberry and black cherry. Heat and black licorice stir up the finish. Decent but limited.', 'With a blackberry flavor and a juicy character, this is a wine that has a bright, fresh feel and soft tannins.', "Layers of luscious mango, tangerine and pineapple mark this gloriously fruity, forward Riesling. It's unabashedly plump, but delicate sweetness and staccato strikes of lemon and lime lend balance. It shows remarkable elegance for something so accessible and irresistibly gulpable. END
START HERE With a blackberry flavor and a juicy character, this is a wine that has a bright, fresh feel and soft tannins.', "Layers of luscious mango, tangerine and pineapple mark this gloriously fruity, forward Riesling. It's unabashedly plump, but delicate sweetness and staccato strikes of lemon and lime lend balance. It shows remarkable elegance for something so accessible and irresistibly gulpable.", 'Nicely dry and well structured, this full-bodied wine will provide serious enjoyment at the dinner table. It has all the ripe, juicy berry qualities of the grape variety and adds moderate tannins for a firmer mouthfeel. Layers of blackberry, cherry and pepper flavors make it especially interesting. END
START HERE Layers of luscious mango, tangerine and pineapple mark this gloriously fruity, forward Riesling. It's unabashedly plump, but delicate sweetness and staccato strikes of lemon and lime lend balance. It shows remarkable elegance for something so accessible and irresistibly gulpable.", 'Nicely dry and well structured, this full-bodied wine will provide serious enjoyment at the dinner table. It has all the ripe, juicy berry qualities of the grape variety and adds moderate tannins for a firmer mouthfeel. Layers of blackberry, cherry and pepper flavors make it especially interesting.', 'Clean and composed SB, with lemon-lime aromas that settle more toward lime. The palate is clean, with basic depth that allows for nice green apple and dry green-herb flavors to show themselves. A little weak on the back end, and very “liquid” due to medium concentration. END
START HERE Nicely dry and well structured, this full-bodied wine will provide serious enjoyment at the dinner table. It has all the ripe, juicy berry qualities of the grape variety and adds moderate tannins for a firmer mouthfeel. Layers of blackberry, cherry and pepper flavors make it especially interesting.', 'Clean and composed SB, with lemon-lime aromas that settle more toward lime. The palate is clean, with basic depth that allows for nice green apple and dry green-herb flavors to show themselves. A little weak on the back end, and very “liquid” due to medium concentration.', 'Mulderbosch hits another home run with this lively, cheerful rosé. It starts with layers of cherry, flowers and strawberry on the nose, then offers a combination of fresh fruit and peppery spice on the palate Overall it has a zippy, clean character that is well balanced and substantial. END
START HERE Clean and composed SB, with lemon-lime aromas that settle more toward lime. The palate is clean, with basic depth that allows for nice green apple and dry green-herb flavors to show themselves. A little weak on the back end, and very “liquid” due to medium concentration.', 'Mulderbosch hits another home run with this lively, cheerful rosé. It starts with layers of cherry, flowers and strawberry on the nose, then offers a combination of fresh fruit and peppery spice on the palate Overall it has a zippy, clean character that is well balanced and substantial.', 'While the nose on this off-dry Riesling is lean and mineral, the palate is lusciously ripe, brimming with peach and mango flavors. A streak of high-pitched acidity shakes up the midpalate and lingers through the finish. END
START HERE Mulderbosch hits another home run with this lively, cheerful rosé. It starts with layers of cherry, flowers and strawberry on the nose, then offers a combination of fresh fruit and peppery spice on the palate Overall it has a zippy, clean character that is well balanced and substantial.', 'While the nose on this off-dry Riesling is lean and mineral, the palate is lusciously ripe, brimming with peach and mango flavors. A streak of high-pitched acidity shakes up the midpalate and lingers through the finish.', "Sunny whiffs of Meyer lemon and peach turn zestier on the palate of this dry Riesling. It's a delightfully quaffable wine marked by cutting mineral intensity. Drink now through 2019. END
START HERE While the nose on this off-dry Riesling is lean and mineral, the palate is lusciously ripe, brimming with peach and mango flavors. A streak of high-pitched acidity shakes up the midpalate and lingers through the finish.', "Sunny whiffs of Meyer lemon and peach turn zestier on the palate of this dry Riesling. It's a delightfully quaffable wine marked by cutting mineral intensity. Drink now through 2019.", 'This full-bodied wine has a strong stamp of sweet-seeming oak in the aroma and flavor, dominating its lighter raspberry and red cherry notes. Vanilla and brown sugar nuances emerge and continue into the finish. END
START HERE Sunny whiffs of Meyer lemon and peach turn zestier on the palate of this dry Riesling. It's a delightfully quaffable wine marked by cutting mineral intensity. Drink now through 2019.", 'This full-bodied wine has a strong stamp of sweet-seeming oak in the aroma and flavor, dominating its lighter raspberry and red cherry notes. Vanilla and brown sugar nuances emerge and continue into the finish.', 'This is an attractive, fruity, fresh rosé. It is dry but balances acidity and fruitiness with its sweet strawberry fruit and light touch of vanilla pod. Drink now. END
START HERE This full-bodied wine has a strong stamp of sweet-seeming oak in the aroma and flavor, dominating its lighter raspberry and red cherry notes. Vanilla and brown sugar nuances emerge and continue into the finish.', 'This is an attractive, fruity, fresh rosé. It is dry but balances acidity and fruitiness with its sweet strawberry fruit and light touch of vanilla pod. Drink now.', 'With its crisp red-currant fruits and strongly herbal character, this is a ripe wine with intense acidity. It is crisply textured and concentrated. Drink now. END
START HERE This is an attractive, fruity, fresh rosé. It is dry but balances acidity and fruitiness with its sweet strawberry fruit and light touch of vanilla pod. Drink now.', 'With its crisp red-currant fruits and strongly herbal character, this is a ripe wine with intense acidity. It is crisply textured and concentrated. Drink now.', 'Dr. L has developed into the sort of consistent, large-production wine consumers can depend on when faced with an otherwise unknown array of wines. The 2009 is off dry, with crisp acidity, lime and pineapple flavors and a mouthwatering finish. Drink it over the next year or so. END
START HERE With its crisp red-currant fruits and strongly herbal character, this is a ripe wine with intense acidity. It is crisply textured and concentrated. Drink now.', 'Dr. L has developed into the sort of consistent, large-production wine consumers can depend on when faced with an otherwise unknown array of wines. The 2009 is off dry, with crisp acidity, lime and pineapple flavors and a mouthwatering finish. Drink it over the next year or so.', 'Heavily toasted charred oak aromas meet maple syrup flavors in this sweet and full-bodied wine. It is heavy on the oaky elements and light on natural-tasting fruit flavors. END
START HERE Dr. L has developed into the sort of consistent, large-production wine consumers can depend on when faced with an otherwise unknown array of wines. The 2009 is off dry, with crisp acidity, lime and pineapple flavors and a mouthwatering finish. Drink it over the next year or so.', 'Heavily toasted charred oak aromas meet maple syrup flavors in this sweet and full-bodied wine. It is heavy on the oaky elements and light on natural-tasting fruit flavors.', 'Bold Malbec with aromas of berry liqueur, cassis and black cherry. The palate is fresh in feel, with some edginess and snappy acids. Tastes full of berry fruit, creamy oak and vanilla, while the finish is round, lengthy and big. A little oaky and forced, but nice as Malbec goes. END
START HERE Heavily toasted charred oak aromas meet maple syrup flavors in this sweet and full-bodied wine. It is heavy on the oaky elements and light on natural-tasting fruit flavors.', 'Bold Malbec with aromas of berry liqueur, cassis and black cherry. The palate is fresh in feel, with some edginess and snappy acids. Tastes full of berry fruit, creamy oak and vanilla, while the finish is round, lengthy and big. A little oaky and forced, but nice as Malbec goes.', "Here's a simple, straightforward Cabernet Sauvignon from northern Italy with an attractively low price tag and lively aromas of cherry, chocolate and spice. It shows rich, dense texture as well. END
START HERE Bold Malbec with aromas of berry liqueur, cassis and black cherry. The palate is fresh in feel, with some edginess and snappy acids. Tastes full of berry fruit, creamy oak and vanilla, while the finish is round, lengthy and big. A little oaky and forced, but nice as Malbec goes.', "Here's a simple, straightforward Cabernet Sauvignon from northern Italy with an attractively low price tag and lively aromas of cherry, chocolate and spice. It shows rich, dense texture as well.", 'Alive and dainty with soft orange blossom notes paired with fresh red apple slices and a touch of nuttiness. The mouth is more of the same, with a distinct peach pit flavor unfolding on the medium-length finish. END
START HERE Here's a simple, straightforward Cabernet Sauvignon from northern Italy with an attractively low price tag and lively aromas of cherry, chocolate and spice. It shows rich, dense texture as well.", 'Alive and dainty with soft orange blossom notes paired with fresh red apple slices and a touch of nuttiness. The mouth is more of the same, with a distinct peach pit flavor unfolding on the medium-length finish.', "This is a new offering for Columbia Crest's Grand Estates lineup. Fresh fruit flavors emphasize lemon, lime and pineapple, backed with moderate acidity. A nice spicy lift informs the finish. Light and lively. END
START HERE Alive and dainty with soft orange blossom notes paired with fresh red apple slices and a touch of nuttiness. The mouth is more of the same, with a distinct peach pit flavor unfolding on the medium-length finish.', "This is a new offering for Columbia Crest's Grand Estates lineup. Fresh fruit flavors emphasize lemon, lime and pineapple, backed with moderate acidity. A nice spicy lift informs the finish. Light and lively.", 'A simple, fruity Zin that blends damp soil and stewed berries with chocolate and toast. Mostly Lodi fruit, with bits and pieces of the blend coming from Mendocino, Sonoma and Paso Robles; also contains traces of Petite Sirah and Syrah. END
START HERE This is a new offering for Columbia Crest's Grand Estates lineup. Fresh fruit flavors emphasize lemon, lime and pineapple, backed with moderate acidity. A nice spicy lift informs the finish. Light and lively.", 'A simple, fruity Zin that blends damp soil and stewed berries with chocolate and toast. Mostly Lodi fruit, with bits and pieces of the blend coming from Mendocino, Sonoma and Paso Robles; also contains traces of Petite Sirah and Syrah.', "Ripe melon and grapefruit flavors are plush and pristine in this forward off-dry Riesling. Zesty tangerine acidity brightens the midpalate and leads a moderately long, sugar-cookie finish. It's a refreshing, fruity quaffer intended for youthful consumption. END
START HERE A simple, fruity Zin that blends damp soil and stewed berries with chocolate and toast. Mostly Lodi fruit, with bits and pieces of the blend coming from Mendocino, Sonoma and Paso Robles; also contains traces of Petite Sirah and Syrah.', "Ripe melon and grapefruit flavors are plush and pristine in this forward off-dry Riesling. Zesty tangerine acidity brightens the midpalate and leads a moderately long, sugar-cookie finish. It's a refreshing, fruity quaffer intended for youthful consumption.", 'Concentrated and spicy, this is full of generous tannins and delicious black plum fruits. Spice goes with the toasty wood-aging flavors that enhance the opulent texture of this delicious, ready-to-drink wine. The aftertaste, with its acidity, introduces some freshness. END
START HERE Ripe melon and grapefruit flavors are plush and pristine in this forward off-dry Riesling. Zesty tangerine acidity brightens the midpalate and leads a moderately long, sugar-cookie finish. It's a refreshing, fruity quaffer intended for youthful consumption.", 'Concentrated and spicy, this is full of generous tannins and delicious black plum fruits. Spice goes with the toasty wood-aging flavors that enhance the opulent texture of this delicious, ready-to-drink wine. The aftertaste, with its acidity, introduces some freshness.', 'Barely drinkable, with sweet, sugary flavors and a few drops of citrus fruit. END
START HERE Concentrated and spicy, this is full of generous tannins and delicious black plum fruits. Spice goes with the toasty wood-aging flavors that enhance the opulent texture of this delicious, ready-to-drink wine. The aftertaste, with its acidity, introduces some freshness.', 'Barely drinkable, with sweet, sugary flavors and a few drops of citrus fruit.', 'This started out as a perfectly nice Chardonnay. It was dry, crisp and balanced, with a minerality under the pineapple and peach flavors. Then the winemaker decided to plaster it with oak, and it tastes like it went through the malolactic fermentation. The quality was lessened. END
START HERE Barely drinkable, with sweet, sugary flavors and a few drops of citrus fruit.', 'This started out as a perfectly nice Chardonnay. It was dry, crisp and balanced, with a minerality under the pineapple and peach flavors. Then the winemaker decided to plaster it with oak, and it tastes like it went through the malolactic fermentation. The quality was lessened.', 'Very light in flavor and texture, the wine has hints of strawberry flavors with acidity and a crisp, clean character. END
START HERE This started out as a perfectly nice Chardonnay. It was dry, crisp and balanced, with a minerality under the pineapple and peach flavors. Then the winemaker decided to plaster it with oak, and it tastes like it went through the malolactic fermentation. The quality was lessened.', 'Very light in flavor and texture, the wine has hints of strawberry flavors with acidity and a crisp, clean character.', "Both sweet and savory, this delicately scented Riesling juxtaposes notes of pressed apple and dried citrus peels against savory tones of honey comb and smoke. It's tangy and fresh on the palate, brightened by zesty acidity and a clean, mineral finish. END
START HERE Very light in flavor and texture, the wine has hints of strawberry flavors with acidity and a crisp, clean character.', "Both sweet and savory, this delicately scented Riesling juxtaposes notes of pressed apple and dried citrus peels against savory tones of honey comb and smoke. It's tangy and fresh on the palate, brightened by zesty acidity and a clean, mineral finish.", 'This easy-drinking Pinot leads with bright aromas of red currant, raspberry and strawberry hull, all leaning slightly sour. The palate is light and tangy, with tart red-berry flavors that finish clean. END
START HERE Both sweet and savory, this delicately scented Riesling juxtaposes notes of pressed apple and dried citrus peels against savory tones of honey comb and smoke. It's tangy and fresh on the palate, brightened by zesty acidity and a clean, mineral finish.", 'This easy-drinking Pinot leads with bright aromas of red currant, raspberry and strawberry hull, all leaning slightly sour. The palate is light and tangy, with tart red-berry flavors that finish clean.', 'Dark fruits—plum, cherry and blackberry—are bold and center stage on the nose, with secondary glimmers of licorice stick and black pepper. The palate offers black fruit-skin flavors that are partnered with medium tannins, resulting in a slightly gripping and astringent close. END
START HERE This easy-drinking Pinot leads with bright aromas of red currant, raspberry and strawberry hull, all leaning slightly sour. The palate is light and tangy, with tart red-berry flavors that finish clean.', 'Dark fruits—plum, cherry and blackberry—are bold and center stage on the nose, with secondary glimmers of licorice stick and black pepper. The palate offers black fruit-skin flavors that are partnered with medium tannins, resulting in a slightly gripping and astringent close.', 'Made of 80% Sangiovese and 20% Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with violet and underbrush aromas. The palate is easygoing, offering juicy red plum and ripe raspberry flavors with a blanket of smooth tannins. Enjoy soon. END
START HERE Dark fruits—plum, cherry and blackberry—are bold and center stage on the nose, with secondary glimmers of licorice stick and black pepper. The palate offers black fruit-skin flavors that are partnered with medium tannins, resulting in a slightly gripping and astringent close.', 'Made of 80% Sangiovese and 20% Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with violet and underbrush aromas. The palate is easygoing, offering juicy red plum and ripe raspberry flavors with a blanket of smooth tannins. Enjoy soon.', "Shows the brilliantly clean, racy acidity of Monterey that provides backbone and firmness to the citrus, peach, wildflower and mineral flavors. With a hint of diesel, it's a lovely California Riesling at a great price. END
START HERE Made of 80% Sangiovese and 20% Cabernet Sauvignon, this opens with violet and underbrush aromas. The palate is easygoing, offering juicy red plum and ripe raspberry flavors with a blanket of smooth tannins. Enjoy soon.', "Shows the brilliantly clean, racy acidity of Monterey that provides backbone and firmness to the citrus, peach, wildflower and mineral flavors. With a hint of diesel, it's a lovely California Riesling at a great price.", 'Clean and crisp, with classic flavors of lemons, limes and gooseberries, softened with a touch of buttercream and vanilla. The finish is fine and has a touch of sweet honeysuckle. A good value. END
START HERE Shows the brilliantly clean, racy acidity of Monterey that provides backbone and firmness to the citrus, peach, wildflower and mineral flavors. With a hint of diesel, it's a lovely California Riesling at a great price.", 'Clean and crisp, with classic flavors of lemons, limes and gooseberries, softened with a touch of buttercream and vanilla. The finish is fine and has a touch of sweet honeysuckle. A good value.', 'Rich and structured, this features tannins that pack the same weight as its ripe black fruits. A wood element shows in the background. The balance is likely to come together in the next year. END
START HERE Clean and crisp, with classic flavors of lemons, limes and gooseberries, softened with a touch of buttercream and vanilla. The finish is fine and has a touch of sweet honeysuckle. A good value.', 'Rich and structured, this features tannins that pack the same weight as its ripe black fruits. A wood element shows in the background. The balance is likely to come together in the next year.', "This is a good everyday Sauvignon Blanc for drinking with chicken, ham sandwiches or fish tacos. Slightly sweet in orange and vanilla, it's accompanied by crisp acidity. END
START HERE Rich and structured, this features tannins that pack the same weight as its ripe black fruits. A wood element shows in the background. The balance is likely to come together in the next year.', "This is a good everyday Sauvignon Blanc for drinking with chicken, ham sandwiches or fish tacos. Slightly sweet in orange and vanilla, it's accompanied by crisp acidity.", 'Taut and with its youthful acidity still up front, this wine has good potential. Its crisp acidity and lively, bright character all promise well. Drink from late 2017. END
START HERE This is a good everyday Sauvignon Blanc for drinking with chicken, ham sandwiches or fish tacos. Slightly sweet in orange and vanilla, it's accompanied by crisp acidity.", 'Taut and with its youthful acidity still up front, this wine has good potential. Its crisp acidity and lively, bright character all promise well. Drink from late 2017.', 'Aromas of chewing gum dust are not attractive. This feels flat, with zero edge and structure. Lightly oxidized flavors of generic berry leave one with nothing to latch on to. END
START HERE Taut and with its youthful acidity still up front, this wine has good potential. Its crisp acidity and lively, bright character all promise well. Drink from late 2017.', 'Aromas of chewing gum dust are not attractive. This feels flat, with zero edge and structure. Lightly oxidized flavors of generic berry leave one with nothing to latch on to.', 'Give this value-priced Pinot Noir its due given that production is nearly 300,000 cases. Aromas of baked cherry, cocoa and baking spices lead to a fresh palate with wiry acidity. Earthy, slightly salty flavors of plum and currant finish steady. END
START HERE Aromas of chewing gum dust are not attractive. This feels flat, with zero edge and structure. Lightly oxidized flavors of generic berry leave one with nothing to latch on to.', 'Give this value-priced Pinot Noir its due given that production is nearly 300,000 cases. Aromas of baked cherry, cocoa and baking spices lead to a fresh palate with wiry acidity. Earthy, slightly salty flavors of plum and currant finish steady.', "Smells exotic and unusual, and frankly not a whole lot like Cabernet Sauvignon. The palate is high in acid, so there's a citric sheer to the mouthfeel along with generic berry and spice flavors. Tartness and tannic clamp show up on the finish. END
START HERE Give this value-priced Pinot Noir its due given that production is nearly 300,000 cases. Aromas of baked cherry, cocoa and baking spices lead to a fresh palate with wiry acidity. Earthy, slightly salty flavors of plum and currant finish steady.', "Smells exotic and unusual, and frankly not a whole lot like Cabernet Sauvignon. The palate is high in acid, so there's a citric sheer to the mouthfeel along with generic berry and spice flavors. Tartness and tannic clamp show up on the finish.", 'A very pale flamingo-pink rosé, this is moderately confected in style, but vibrant and fresh. Cotton candy notes are balanced by peachy fruit and some floral elements, while the finish is mouthwatering. Drink up. END
START HERE Smells exotic and unusual, and frankly not a whole lot like Cabernet Sauvignon. The palate is high in acid, so there's a citric sheer to the mouthfeel along with generic berry and spice flavors. Tartness and tannic clamp show up on the finish.", 'A very pale flamingo-pink rosé, this is moderately confected in style, but vibrant and fresh. Cotton candy notes are balanced by peachy fruit and some floral elements, while the finish is mouthwatering. Drink up.', 'Briny aromas of sauerkraut fail to make much of an impression. This is dull in feel, with bitter, fruitless flavors. On the finish, bitterness remains. Drinkable but with few positives. END
START HERE A very pale flamingo-pink rosé, this is moderately confected in style, but vibrant and fresh. Cotton candy notes are balanced by peachy fruit and some floral elements, while the finish is mouthwatering. Drink up.', 'Briny aromas of sauerkraut fail to make much of an impression. This is dull in feel, with bitter, fruitless flavors. On the finish, bitterness remains. Drinkable but with few positives.', 'Raw abrasive plum and berry aromas are grassy. This passable Merlot is rubbery and pinched in feel, with herbal generic berry flavors that finish with a weedy accent. END
START HERE Briny aromas of sauerkraut fail to make much of an impression. This is dull in feel, with bitter, fruitless flavors. On the finish, bitterness remains. Drinkable but with few positives.', 'Raw abrasive plum and berry aromas are grassy. This passable Merlot is rubbery and pinched in feel, with herbal generic berry flavors that finish with a weedy accent.', "Delicate notes of earthy herbs and cola spice grace the red chery, currant, rhubarb and cranberry tones on the nose and mouth of this easygoing wine. It's light in weight and softly structured, with ample acidity lending freshness through the close. END
START HERE Raw abrasive plum and berry aromas are grassy. This passable Merlot is rubbery and pinched in feel, with herbal generic berry flavors that finish with a weedy accent.', "Delicate notes of earthy herbs and cola spice grace the red chery, currant, rhubarb and cranberry tones on the nose and mouth of this easygoing wine. It's light in weight and softly structured, with ample acidity lending freshness through the close.", 'A strong blast of tire rubber dominates the nose. In the mouth, this wine feels narrow and tannic. Dark berry flavors are almost burnt tasting and come with a note of dark chocolate, leading to a charred finish. END
START HERE Delicate notes of earthy herbs and cola spice grace the red chery, currant, rhubarb and cranberry tones on the nose and mouth of this easygoing wine. It's light in weight and softly structured, with ample acidity lending freshness through the close.", 'A strong blast of tire rubber dominates the nose. In the mouth, this wine feels narrow and tannic. Dark berry flavors are almost burnt tasting and come with a note of dark chocolate, leading to a charred finish.', "A glaze of crushed minerals accents this fresh, apple-scented Riesling. Delicate and spry, it's a refreshing quaffer brightened by a spray of lemon-lime acidity. A touch of tea tannins murmurs through the finish. END
START HERE A strong blast of tire rubber dominates the nose. In the mouth, this wine feels narrow and tannic. Dark berry flavors are almost burnt tasting and come with a note of dark chocolate, leading to a charred finish.', "A glaze of crushed minerals accents this fresh, apple-scented Riesling. Delicate and spry, it's a refreshing quaffer brightened by a spray of lemon-lime acidity. A touch of tea tannins murmurs through the finish.", 'Saucy aromas of stewed plum and tomato ragu lack clarity. This is midlevel Cabernet, with a light bounce to its step. Generic cherry, cassis and licorice flavors finish with acidic kick but no sense of refinement. END
START HERE A glaze of crushed minerals accents this fresh, apple-scented Riesling. Delicate and spry, it's a refreshing quaffer brightened by a spray of lemon-lime acidity. A touch of tea tannins murmurs through the finish.", 'Saucy aromas of stewed plum and tomato ragu lack clarity. This is midlevel Cabernet, with a light bounce to its step. Generic cherry, cassis and licorice flavors finish with acidic kick but no sense of refinement.', 'Leafy cassis and cocoa aromas and flavors carry hints of almond paste, saddle leather and ground cinnamon. The mouthfeel is full and plush, with ripe tannins that coat the mouth and let you know that this wine is about more than up-front fruit. Drink now or anytime over the next five years. END
START HERE Saucy aromas of stewed plum and tomato ragu lack clarity. This is midlevel Cabernet, with a light bounce to its step. Generic cherry, cassis and licorice flavors finish with acidic kick but no sense of refinement.', 'Leafy cassis and cocoa aromas and flavors carry hints of almond paste, saddle leather and ground cinnamon. The mouthfeel is full and plush, with ripe tannins that coat the mouth and let you know that this wine is about more than up-front fruit. Drink now or anytime over the next five years.', 'Whiffs of soft leather and fresh herb set up this dry Cabernet. The scents and flavors of earth and stem are accompanied by a finishing accent of vanilla. END
START HERE Leafy cassis and cocoa aromas and flavors carry hints of almond paste, saddle leather and ground cinnamon. The mouthfeel is full and plush, with ripe tannins that coat the mouth and let you know that this wine is about more than up-front fruit. Drink now or anytime over the next five years.', 'Whiffs of soft leather and fresh herb set up this dry Cabernet. The scents and flavors of earth and stem are accompanied by a finishing accent of vanilla.', 'Dry, tannic and rough in the mouth, this offers pleasant blackberry, red currant, spice and cedar flavors. END
START HERE Whiffs of soft leather and fresh herb set up this dry Cabernet. The scents and flavors of earth and stem are accompanied by a finishing accent of vanilla.', 'Dry, tannic and rough in the mouth, this offers pleasant blackberry, red currant, spice and cedar flavors.', 'This crisp herbal wine is light and fruity. Its acidity, grapefruit and lime flavors and the tangy texture create a wine that is clean and ready to drink. END
START HERE Dry, tannic and rough in the mouth, this offers pleasant blackberry, red currant, spice and cedar flavors.', 'This crisp herbal wine is light and fruity. Its acidity, grapefruit and lime flavors and the tangy texture create a wine that is clean and ready to drink.', 'Chardonnay grown at the mouth of the Loire is as crisp and green as you would expect. This unoaked wine has touches of pear and definite citrus, very fresh and light. END
START HERE This crisp herbal wine is light and fruity. Its acidity, grapefruit and lime flavors and the tangy texture create a wine that is clean and ready to drink.', 'Chardonnay grown at the mouth of the Loire is as crisp and green as you would expect. This unoaked wine has touches of pear and definite citrus, very fresh and light.', 'Aromas of tropical fruit and lime are restrained on the nose. The palate is soft and a bit flabby, with papaya and yellow-apple flavors that become more pithy and bitter on the easy finish. END
START HERE Chardonnay grown at the mouth of the Loire is as crisp and green as you would expect. This unoaked wine has touches of pear and definite citrus, very fresh and light.', 'Aromas of tropical fruit and lime are restrained on the nose. The palate is soft and a bit flabby, with papaya and yellow-apple flavors that become more pithy and bitter on the easy finish.', 'A perfectly simple, stainless-steel fermented Lake County SB with tangy lemon and lime notes, subtle at first. The finish falls off fast. END
START HERE Aromas of tropical fruit and lime are restrained on the nose. The palate is soft and a bit flabby, with papaya and yellow-apple flavors that become more pithy and bitter on the easy finish.', 'A perfectly simple, stainless-steel fermented Lake County SB with tangy lemon and lime notes, subtle at first. The finish falls off fast.', 'The Hyatt is tight, hard and chewy. Its stiff tannins are calling the shots, and leaving an earthy impression strongly tasting of roots and stems through a somewhat bitter finish. —P.G. END
START HERE A perfectly simple, stainless-steel fermented Lake County SB with tangy lemon and lime notes, subtle at first. The finish falls off fast.', 'The Hyatt is tight, hard and chewy. Its stiff tannins are calling the shots, and leaving an earthy impression strongly tasting of roots and stems through a somewhat bitter finish. —P.G.', 'This is a lightly herbal wine with crisp citrus and a tight texture. The wine with its mineral edge and chewy green-fruit flavor is dry, packed with acidity and ready to drink. END
START HERE The Hyatt is tight, hard and chewy. Its stiff tannins are calling the shots, and leaving an earthy impression strongly tasting of roots and stems through a somewhat bitter finish. —P.G.', 'This is a lightly herbal wine with crisp citrus and a tight texture. The wine with its mineral edge and chewy green-fruit flavor is dry, packed with acidity and ready to drink.', 'Flat, disparate aromas of bread and white fruits are mild. On the palate, this is plump but lacks edge and structure. Briny flavors of tropical fruits finish foamy and with a pickled flavor. END
START HERE This is a lightly herbal wine with crisp citrus and a tight texture. The wine with its mineral edge and chewy green-fruit flavor is dry, packed with acidity and ready to drink.', 'Flat, disparate aromas of bread and white fruits are mild. On the palate, this is plump but lacks edge and structure. Briny flavors of tropical fruits finish foamy and with a pickled flavor.', 'This sophisticated and beautifully balanced wine shows that Lodi can make crisp and poised whites. It has aromas like white pepper and dried thyme, crisp lemon flavors and racy acidity. It is nicely dry, clean and tautly refreshing. While medium bodied, it has a big, vibrant presence. END
START HERE Flat, disparate aromas of bread and white fruits are mild. On the palate, this is plump but lacks edge and structure. Briny flavors of tropical fruits finish foamy and with a pickled flavor.', 'This sophisticated and beautifully balanced wine shows that Lodi can make crisp and poised whites. It has aromas like white pepper and dried thyme, crisp lemon flavors and racy acidity. It is nicely dry, clean and tautly refreshing. While medium bodied, it has a big, vibrant presence.', 'This Riesling is an odd one. Aromas of yeast and peach blossom come with a note of cured ham, while the palate is sticky and low in acidity. Creamy, honeyed flavors alongside green melon, vanilla and yeast finish waxy and creamy. END
START HERE This sophisticated and beautifully balanced wine shows that Lodi can make crisp and poised whites. It has aromas like white pepper and dried thyme, crisp lemon flavors and racy acidity. It is nicely dry, clean and tautly refreshing. While medium bodied, it has a big, vibrant presence.', 'This Riesling is an odd one. Aromas of yeast and peach blossom come with a note of cured ham, while the palate is sticky and low in acidity. Creamy, honeyed flavors alongside green melon, vanilla and yeast finish waxy and creamy.', "With a fluorescent pink color, this Syrah-based rosé opens with cherry, raspberry and plum aromas. As a whole, it's basic but spunky on the palate, with adequate structural support. Raspberry, plum and citrus flavors finish firm and fresh. END
START HERE This Riesling is an odd one. Aromas of yeast and peach blossom come with a note of cured ham, while the palate is sticky and low in acidity. Creamy, honeyed flavors alongside green melon, vanilla and yeast finish waxy and creamy.', "With a fluorescent pink color, this Syrah-based rosé opens with cherry, raspberry and plum aromas. As a whole, it's basic but spunky on the palate, with adequate structural support. Raspberry, plum and citrus flavors finish firm and fresh.", 'Raspberry aromas come with olive-like accents. This feels wiry and pinched, while the combination of snappy, sharp acidity and heavy oak clash, creating short red-plum flavors. On the finish, this flattens out and lacks length. END
START HERE With a fluorescent pink color, this Syrah-based rosé opens with cherry, raspberry and plum aromas. As a whole, it's basic but spunky on the palate, with adequate structural support. Raspberry, plum and citrus flavors finish firm and fresh.", 'Raspberry aromas come with olive-like accents. This feels wiry and pinched, while the combination of snappy, sharp acidity and heavy oak clash, creating short red-plum flavors. On the finish, this flattens out and lacks length.', 'With some structure to go with the blackberry fruit, this is fruity and still light-bodied. With soft tannins and acidity, it is ready to drink. END
START HERE Raspberry aromas come with olive-like accents. This feels wiry and pinched, while the combination of snappy, sharp acidity and heavy oak clash, creating short red-plum flavors. On the finish, this flattens out and lacks length.', 'With some structure to go with the blackberry fruit, this is fruity and still light-bodied. With soft tannins and acidity, it is ready to drink.', 'This wine does a great imitation of a Port at a lighter alcohol level. The color is deep and inky, the aromas are concentrated and uberripe, and the texture is thick, nicely tannic yet smooth. Bring on the chocolate or cigars. END
START HERE With some structure to go with the blackberry fruit, this is fruity and still light-bodied. With soft tannins and acidity, it is ready to drink.', 'This wine does a great imitation of a Port at a lighter alcohol level. The color is deep and inky, the aromas are concentrated and uberripe, and the texture is thick, nicely tannic yet smooth. Bring on the chocolate or cigars.', "Expanding from his Provence château, Sacha Lichine's new rosé is a blend from across the south of France. It's crisp, fruity, with a touch of sweetness, giving a soft, red berry fruit texture and light, fresh acidity. END
START HERE This wine does a great imitation of a Port at a lighter alcohol level. The color is deep and inky, the aromas are concentrated and uberripe, and the texture is thick, nicely tannic yet smooth. Bring on the chocolate or cigars.', "Expanding from his Provence château, Sacha Lichine's new rosé is a blend from across the south of France. It's crisp, fruity, with a touch of sweetness, giving a soft, red berry fruit texture and light, fresh acidity.", 'Toast and herb mingle with lavish lilac and lavender perfume on this unique red blend (made predominantly from Cabernet Franc). Brisk berry and cherry flavors are expansive and bold on the palate, and fringed with savory herb tones on the finish. END
START HERE Expanding from his Provence château, Sacha Lichine's new rosé is a blend from across the south of France. It's crisp, fruity, with a touch of sweetness, giving a soft, red berry fruit texture and light, fresh acidity.", 'Toast and herb mingle with lavish lilac and lavender perfume on this unique red blend (made predominantly from Cabernet Franc). Brisk berry and cherry flavors are expansive and bold on the palate, and fringed with savory herb tones on the finish.', 'Light and fruity, this wine is soft, with a sweeter touch than is sometimes found in Provence rosés. The blend includes Cabernet Sauvignon, giving a tannic edge as well as caramel and sweet raspberry flavors. END
START HERE Toast and herb mingle with lavish lilac and lavender perfume on this unique red blend (made predominantly from Cabernet Franc). Brisk berry and cherry flavors are expansive and bold on the palate, and fringed with savory herb tones on the finish.', 'Light and fruity, this wine is soft, with a sweeter touch than is sometimes found in Provence rosés. The blend includes Cabernet Sauvignon, giving a tannic edge as well as caramel and sweet raspberry flavors.', 'Dense, meaty and lightly herbal on the nose, with minty berry notes. The palate is firm and issues tannic crack in front of plum, herbal flavors, brown sugar and vanilla. Turns mildly hot and grating on the finish, with juicy length. Good for everyday Malbec. END
START HERE Light and fruity, this wine is soft, with a sweeter touch than is sometimes found in Provence rosés. The blend includes Cabernet Sauvignon, giving a tannic edge as well as caramel and sweet raspberry flavors.', 'Dense, meaty and lightly herbal on the nose, with minty berry notes. The palate is firm and issues tannic crack in front of plum, herbal flavors, brown sugar and vanilla. Turns mildly hot and grating on the finish, with juicy length. Good for everyday Malbec.', 'This garnet-colored wine has aromas of black fruits, black plums and violets. Flavors of tobacco leaf, cherry vanilla and cinnamon wash over the palate before the long finish. END
START HERE Dense, meaty and lightly herbal on the nose, with minty berry notes. The palate is firm and issues tannic crack in front of plum, herbal flavors, brown sugar and vanilla. Turns mildly hot and grating on the finish, with juicy length. Good for everyday Malbec.', 'This garnet-colored wine has aromas of black fruits, black plums and violets. Flavors of tobacco leaf, cherry vanilla and cinnamon wash over the palate before the long finish.', 'Spicy plum and olive aromas get this tannic, wiry Cab going. It also offers mild green notes on the nose along with hard tannins. Spice, plum, vanilla and herbal flavors carry the finish. END
START HERE This garnet-colored wine has aromas of black fruits, black plums and violets. Flavors of tobacco leaf, cherry vanilla and cinnamon wash over the palate before the long finish.', 'Spicy plum and olive aromas get this tannic, wiry Cab going. It also offers mild green notes on the nose along with hard tannins. Spice, plum, vanilla and herbal flavors carry the finish.', "Juicy streaks of grapefruit and pineapple in this spry, dry Riesling are cut by laser-focused acidity and rocky edges of slate. It's approachable and fresh yet abundantly elegant. Drink now through 2018. END
START HERE Spicy plum and olive aromas get this tannic, wiry Cab going. It also offers mild green notes on the nose along with hard tannins. Spice, plum, vanilla and herbal flavors carry the finish.', "Juicy streaks of grapefruit and pineapple in this spry, dry Riesling are cut by laser-focused acidity and rocky edges of slate. It's approachable and fresh yet abundantly elegant. Drink now through 2018.", 'Briary, herbal berry aromas precede a simple, inoffensive palate. Generic, slightly candied and herbal berry flavors end with notes of pepper and mild bitterness. This is 60% Bobal and 40% Cabernet Sauvignon. END
START HERE Juicy streaks of grapefruit and pineapple in this spry, dry Riesling are cut by laser-focused acidity and rocky edges of slate. It's approachable and fresh yet abundantly elegant. Drink now through 2018.", 'Briary, herbal berry aromas precede a simple, inoffensive palate. Generic, slightly candied and herbal berry flavors end with notes of pepper and mild bitterness. This is 60% Bobal and 40% Cabernet Sauvignon.', 'Pale onion skin in color, this is a soft fruity wine. It has attractive red-fruit flavors and light acidity. With a salty tang as well as some minerality, the wine is crisp and fruity right to the end. END
START HERE Briary, herbal berry aromas precede a simple, inoffensive palate. Generic, slightly candied and herbal berry flavors end with notes of pepper and mild bitterness. This is 60% Bobal and 40% Cabernet Sauvignon.', 'Pale onion skin in color, this is a soft fruity wine. It has attractive red-fruit flavors and light acidity. With a salty tang as well as some minerality, the wine is crisp and fruity right to the end.', 'From the hills of the Dordogne region, this is a fruity wine. It has a rustic, barnyard edge to it that spoils what is otherwise a fresh, crisp wine. Drink now. END
START HERE Pale onion skin in color, this is a soft fruity wine. It has attractive red-fruit flavors and light acidity. With a salty tang as well as some minerality, the wine is crisp and fruity right to the end.', 'From the hills of the Dordogne region, this is a fruity wine. It has a rustic, barnyard edge to it that spoils what is otherwise a fresh, crisp wine. Drink now.', 'Dried black cherries, vanilla and a touch of roasted meat show on the rich, luscious and fruity nose of this bargain bottling. The palate is juicy with black cherry and milk-chocolate flavors that lean a little bit sweet. END
START HERE From the hills of the Dordogne region, this is a fruity wine. It has a rustic, barnyard edge to it that spoils what is otherwise a fresh, crisp wine. Drink now.', 'Dried black cherries, vanilla and a touch of roasted meat show on the rich, luscious and fruity nose of this bargain bottling. The palate is juicy with black cherry and milk-chocolate flavors that lean a little bit sweet.', 'Overall this is a full-bodied Cabernet, with full berry, chocolate and creamy oak aromas, followed by a solid palate that features moderate acidity and ample oak influence. The flavors of creamy blackberry and plum are dark and oaky, showing chocolaty heft on the finish. END
START HERE Dried black cherries, vanilla and a touch of roasted meat show on the rich, luscious and fruity nose of this bargain bottling. The palate is juicy with black cherry and milk-chocolate flavors that lean a little bit sweet.', 'Overall this is a full-bodied Cabernet, with full berry, chocolate and creamy oak aromas, followed by a solid palate that features moderate acidity and ample oak influence. The flavors of creamy blackberry and plum are dark and oaky, showing chocolaty heft on the finish.', 'A black-fruited wine with a strong sense of structure and wood, it has spice and black-plum flavors that are held together by tannins. This can age for a few years. END
START HERE Overall this is a full-bodied Cabernet, with full berry, chocolate and creamy oak aromas, followed by a solid palate that features moderate acidity and ample oak influence. The flavors of creamy blackberry and plum are dark and oaky, showing chocolaty heft on the finish.', 'A black-fruited wine with a strong sense of structure and wood, it has spice and black-plum flavors that are held together by tannins. This can age for a few years.', 'A bright, candy pink colored blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah, this has plenty of acidity although its weight and ripe fruit give the wine a heavy feel. It is ready to drink. END
START HERE A black-fruited wine with a strong sense of structure and wood, it has spice and black-plum flavors that are held together by tannins. This can age for a few years.', 'A bright, candy pink colored blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah, this has plenty of acidity although its weight and ripe fruit give the wine a heavy feel. It is ready to drink.', "Nice and welcoming on the nose, with melon, citrus and other punchbowl aromas. The palate is graced with fine acidity, which amplifies the wine's standard green apple and lime flavors. Clean and showing no glaring issues. Textbook everyday Chilean SB; we could drink this stuff forever. END
START HERE A bright, candy pink colored blend of Touriga Nacional and Syrah, this has plenty of acidity although its weight and ripe fruit give the wine a heavy feel. It is ready to drink.', "Nice and welcoming on the nose, with melon, citrus and other punchbowl aromas. The palate is graced with fine acidity, which amplifies the wine's standard green apple and lime flavors. Clean and showing no glaring issues. Textbook everyday Chilean SB; we could drink this stuff forever.", 'Made with organically grown grapes, and harvested rather late (end of October) from vineyards in the Horse Heaven Hills, this is a surprisingly substantial, earthy offering. Raspberry and cherry fruit flavors are laced with graphite and iron ore, and some black olive herbal character adds interest to the finish. END
START HERE Nice and welcoming on the nose, with melon, citrus and other punchbowl aromas. The palate is graced with fine acidity, which amplifies the wine's standard green apple and lime flavors. Clean and showing no glaring issues. Textbook everyday Chilean SB; we could drink this stuff forever.", 'Made with organically grown grapes, and harvested rather late (end of October) from vineyards in the Horse Heaven Hills, this is a surprisingly substantial, earthy offering. Raspberry and cherry fruit flavors are laced with graphite and iron ore, and some black olive herbal character adds interest to the finish.', 'Made with organically grown grapes, this tawny-colored Chardonnay is ready to go. It shows well-evolved flavors of ripe apple and pear, with a cidery finish. Despite the Columbia Valley labeling, it is from Horse Heaven Hills. END
START HERE Made with organically grown grapes, and harvested rather late (end of October) from vineyards in the Horse Heaven Hills, this is a surprisingly substantial, earthy offering. Raspberry and cherry fruit flavors are laced with graphite and iron ore, and some black olive herbal character adds interest to the finish.', 'Made with organically grown grapes, this tawny-colored Chardonnay is ready to go. It shows well-evolved flavors of ripe apple and pear, with a cidery finish. Despite the Columbia Valley labeling, it is from Horse Heaven Hills.', "Bright but tart cherry and blackberry flavors are swathed in dusty tannins; the nose offers similar berry and plum aromas. It's a little acidic, but finishes with nice dusty-plum flavors. END
START HERE Made with organically grown grapes, this tawny-colored Chardonnay is ready to go. It shows well-evolved flavors of ripe apple and pear, with a cidery finish. Despite the Columbia Valley labeling, it is from Horse Heaven Hills.', "Bright but tart cherry and blackberry flavors are swathed in dusty tannins; the nose offers similar berry and plum aromas. It's a little acidic, but finishes with nice dusty-plum flavors.", 'Musky spiced pear and melon aromas lead off, backed up by lush ripe pear and melon flavors. Finishes with a tasty blend of tart pineapple and peppery, clove-like spice. END
START HERE Bright but tart cherry and blackberry flavors are swathed in dusty tannins; the nose offers similar berry and plum aromas. It's a little acidic, but finishes with nice dusty-plum flavors.", 'Musky spiced pear and melon aromas lead off, backed up by lush ripe pear and melon flavors. Finishes with a tasty blend of tart pineapple and peppery, clove-like spice.', "There's a subtle earthy funkiness to this 100% Carignan-based rosé, with supporting notes of white cherry, currant and strawberry hull. The light-weight palate offers decent acidic lift and finished short but clean. END
START HERE Musky spiced pear and melon aromas lead off, backed up by lush ripe pear and melon flavors. Finishes with a tasty blend of tart pineapple and peppery, clove-like spice.', "There's a subtle earthy funkiness to this 100% Carignan-based rosé, with supporting notes of white cherry, currant and strawberry hull. The light-weight palate offers decent acidic lift and finished short but clean.", 'A little overripe and underripe around the edges, with mint and plumped raisin flavors framing the black cherries and cedar. Good, but rustic, and ready now. END
START HERE There's a subtle earthy funkiness to this 100% Carignan-based rosé, with supporting notes of white cherry, currant and strawberry hull. The light-weight palate offers decent acidic lift and finished short but clean.", 'A little overripe and underripe around the edges, with mint and plumped raisin flavors framing the black cherries and cedar. Good, but rustic, and ready now.', "A boldly flavored wine that doesn't hold back, packed with sweet pears, powdered cinnamon and clove. Smooth and supple in the mouth and leaves tangy, lingering flavors of lime on the finish. END
START HERE A little overripe and underripe around the edges, with mint and plumped raisin flavors framing the black cherries and cedar. Good, but rustic, and ready now.', "A boldly flavored wine that doesn't hold back, packed with sweet pears, powdered cinnamon and clove. Smooth and supple in the mouth and leaves tangy, lingering flavors of lime on the finish.", 'Extremely ripe pear and Gravenstein apples grow toward white peach and generic stonefruit flesh on the nose of this bottling. Strong apple flavors meet with yellow pear on the slightly sweet-seeming palate. END
START HERE A boldly flavored wine that doesn't hold back, packed with sweet pears, powdered cinnamon and clove. Smooth and supple in the mouth and leaves tangy, lingering flavors of lime on the finish.", 'Extremely ripe pear and Gravenstein apples grow toward white peach and generic stonefruit flesh on the nose of this bottling. Strong apple flavors meet with yellow pear on the slightly sweet-seeming palate.', 'Classic, medium sweet rosé from Anjou, bottled cherry flavors and lemon acidity. Screwcap. END
START HERE Extremely ripe pear and Gravenstein apples grow toward white peach and generic stonefruit flesh on the nose of this bottling. Strong apple flavors meet with yellow pear on the slightly sweet-seeming palate.', 'Classic, medium sweet rosé from Anjou, bottled cherry flavors and lemon acidity. Screwcap.', "This smells mulchy at first, then more like tomato and earthy leather. The palate is big and blocky, with herbal, mildly stewed flavors of tomato, berry and spiced plum. It's earthy on the finish, with a clove accent. END
START HERE Classic, medium sweet rosé from Anjou, bottled cherry flavors and lemon acidity. Screwcap.', "This smells mulchy at first, then more like tomato and earthy leather. The palate is big and blocky, with herbal, mildly stewed flavors of tomato, berry and spiced plum. It's earthy on the finish, with a clove accent.", 'With sugary blackberry and prune flavors, this tannic Zinfandel is pretty simple. It will pair well with burgers, tacos and barbecue. END
START HERE This smells mulchy at first, then more like tomato and earthy leather. The palate is big and blocky, with herbal, mildly stewed flavors of tomato, berry and spiced plum. It's earthy on the finish, with a clove accent.", 'With sugary blackberry and prune flavors, this tannic Zinfandel is pretty simple. It will pair well with burgers, tacos and barbecue.', 'Lambrusco is a fizzy red wine from central Italy that has the natural acidity to cut through cheese tortellini and buttery pasta dishes. This enjoyable Amabile (or slightly sweet) expression is redolent of red berries, wet earth and red beet. END
START HERE With sugary blackberry and prune flavors, this tannic Zinfandel is pretty simple. It will pair well with burgers, tacos and barbecue.', 'Lambrusco is a fizzy red wine from central Italy that has the natural acidity to cut through cheese tortellini and buttery pasta dishes. This enjoyable Amabile (or slightly sweet) expression is redolent of red berries, wet earth and red beet.', 'Opens with tarry, cooked aromas but with airing, oak and ripe, earthy berry notes squeak out. The palate is chewy and solid, with extract and tannic grab as well as smoky, sultry flavors of roasted black fruits and bouillon. Meaty and satisfying. END
START HERE Lambrusco is a fizzy red wine from central Italy that has the natural acidity to cut through cheese tortellini and buttery pasta dishes. This enjoyable Amabile (or slightly sweet) expression is redolent of red berries, wet earth and red beet.', 'Opens with tarry, cooked aromas but with airing, oak and ripe, earthy berry notes squeak out. The palate is chewy and solid, with extract and tannic grab as well as smoky, sultry flavors of roasted black fruits and bouillon. Meaty and satisfying.', 'Soft and ripe, this is Chardonnay at its simplest. It has melon and pear flavors, light acidity and a rounded texture. Drink this easy wine now. END
START HERE Opens with tarry, cooked aromas but with airing, oak and ripe, earthy berry notes squeak out. The palate is chewy and solid, with extract and tannic grab as well as smoky, sultry flavors of roasted black fruits and bouillon. Meaty and satisfying.', 'Soft and ripe, this is Chardonnay at its simplest. It has melon and pear flavors, light acidity and a rounded texture. Drink this easy wine now.', "An everday Cab, it's dry, lightly tannic and full-bodied in blackberries and oak, making it a nice companion for burgers, beef tacos and similar fare. END
START HERE Soft and ripe, this is Chardonnay at its simplest. It has melon and pear flavors, light acidity and a rounded texture. Drink this easy wine now.', "An everday Cab, it's dry, lightly tannic and full-bodied in blackberries and oak, making it a nice companion for burgers, beef tacos and similar fare.", "Buttered toast, brown sugar, honey and orange jam mark this Chard's flavors. It has good acidity for balance. Drink up with umami-rich, salty foods, like ham and sausages. END
START HERE An everday Cab, it's dry, lightly tannic and full-bodied in blackberries and oak, making it a nice companion for burgers, beef tacos and similar fare.", "Buttered toast, brown sugar, honey and orange jam mark this Chard's flavors. It has good acidity for balance. Drink up with umami-rich, salty foods, like ham and sausages.", "Horsey smelling and muddled on the nose, this Malbec offers a mix of many things, but true harmony isn't one of them. The palate is lactic in feel, while roasted flavors of black fruits and bacon finish with candied sweetness. END
START HERE Buttered toast, brown sugar, honey and orange jam mark this Chard's flavors. It has good acidity for balance. Drink up with umami-rich, salty foods, like ham and sausages.", "Horsey smelling and muddled on the nose, this Malbec offers a mix of many things, but true harmony isn't one of them. The palate is lactic in feel, while roasted flavors of black fruits and bacon finish with candied sweetness.", "Gooseberry and feline aromas are true to the variety but a bit austere and sharp. The palate is plump like you'd expect from warm-climate SB, while flavors of nectarine, citrus and melon finish full, tangy and a bit heavy. END
START HERE Horsey smelling and muddled on the nose, this Malbec offers a mix of many things, but true harmony isn't one of them. The palate is lactic in feel, while roasted flavors of black fruits and bacon finish with candied sweetness.", "Gooseberry and feline aromas are true to the variety but a bit austere and sharp. The palate is plump like you'd expect from warm-climate SB, while flavors of nectarine, citrus and melon finish full, tangy and a bit heavy.", 'Sweet yet simple aromas of milk chocolate, candied cherry and vanilla set up a fair and balanced palate with oak, medicinal and raw red-fruit flavors. A slightly hot, semisweet finish is just good enough. END
START HERE Gooseberry and feline aromas are true to the variety but a bit austere and sharp. The palate is plump like you'd expect from warm-climate SB, while flavors of nectarine, citrus and melon finish full, tangy and a bit heavy.", 'Sweet yet simple aromas of milk chocolate, candied cherry and vanilla set up a fair and balanced palate with oak, medicinal and raw red-fruit flavors. A slightly hot, semisweet finish is just good enough.', 'A good dash of Petit Verdot in the blend has given this fine wine its extra structure. It is still firm and tight at this young stage although the black-currant fruitiness promises much. From vines west of Pauillac, it is impressively solid and dense. Drink from 2022. END
START HERE Sweet yet simple aromas of milk chocolate, candied cherry and vanilla set up a fair and balanced palate with oak, medicinal and raw red-fruit flavors. A slightly hot, semisweet finish is just good enough.', 'A good dash of Petit Verdot in the blend has given this fine wine its extra structure. It is still firm and tight at this young stage although the black-currant fruitiness promises much. From vines west of Pauillac, it is impressively solid and dense. Drink from 2022.', "A fine and ripe wine with touches of black currant and more flourishes of red berry flavors. It is structured, although that doesn't remove its immediate drinkability. The aftertaste is softer, just off dry. END
START HERE A good dash of Petit Verdot in the blend has given this fine wine its extra structure. It is still firm and tight at this young stage although the black-currant fruitiness promises much. From vines west of Pauillac, it is impressively solid and dense. Drink from 2022.', "A fine and ripe wine with touches of black currant and more flourishes of red berry flavors. It is structured, although that doesn't remove its immediate drinkability. The aftertaste is softer, just off dry.", 'This smells like waffles and maple syrup, and feels very generous. The smooth texture shows moderate tannins, while a brown-sugar note rounds out the finish. END
START HERE A fine and ripe wine with touches of black currant and more flourishes of red berry flavors. It is structured, although that doesn't remove its immediate drinkability. The aftertaste is softer, just off dry.", 'This smells like waffles and maple syrup, and feels very generous. The smooth texture shows moderate tannins, while a brown-sugar note rounds out the finish.', 'Gaseous, oily and flowery on the bouquet, with lemon and apple notes. Feels round and adequately acidic, with stalky, burnt flavors of lemon and melon. Short and rough on the finish. END
START HERE This smells like waffles and maple syrup, and feels very generous. The smooth texture shows moderate tannins, while a brown-sugar note rounds out the finish.', 'Gaseous, oily and flowery on the bouquet, with lemon and apple notes. Feels round and adequately acidic, with stalky, burnt flavors of lemon and melon. Short and rough on the finish.', 'This appetizing wine has attention-getting grapefruit and fresh-cut herb aromas, vivid and crisp fruit flavors, light body and a lingering, citrusy finish. END
START HERE Gaseous, oily and flowery on the bouquet, with lemon and apple notes. Feels round and adequately acidic, with stalky, burnt flavors of lemon and melon. Short and rough on the finish.', 'This appetizing wine has attention-getting grapefruit and fresh-cut herb aromas, vivid and crisp fruit flavors, light body and a lingering, citrusy finish.', 'The wine shows the richness that the Merlot attained in this vintage. Happily, it also has acidity and red fruits to balance the pepper and wood-aging flavors. It will always be a superripe wine although it will develop a smoother mature side. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE This appetizing wine has attention-getting grapefruit and fresh-cut herb aromas, vivid and crisp fruit flavors, light body and a lingering, citrusy finish.', 'The wine shows the richness that the Merlot attained in this vintage. Happily, it also has acidity and red fruits to balance the pepper and wood-aging flavors. It will always be a superripe wine although it will develop a smoother mature side. Drink from 2018.', 'A simple, jammy-smelling wine with cherry aromas and a whiff of citrus too. Young, vibrant, acidic and juicy on the palate, with energetic but rubbery berry and plum flavors. Good yet basic wine overall, with heat on the finish. END
START HERE The wine shows the richness that the Merlot attained in this vintage. Happily, it also has acidity and red fruits to balance the pepper and wood-aging flavors. It will always be a superripe wine although it will develop a smoother mature side. Drink from 2018.', 'A simple, jammy-smelling wine with cherry aromas and a whiff of citrus too. Young, vibrant, acidic and juicy on the palate, with energetic but rubbery berry and plum flavors. Good yet basic wine overall, with heat on the finish.', "After many years of singing the praises of Muga's rosé, this vintage seems lacking and sour. The nose is short and quiet, while the palate delivers lean, citric flavors and a sharp, scouring finish. Whets the whistle, but doesn't put a smile on your face. END
START HERE A simple, jammy-smelling wine with cherry aromas and a whiff of citrus too. Young, vibrant, acidic and juicy on the palate, with energetic but rubbery berry and plum flavors. Good yet basic wine overall, with heat on the finish.', "After many years of singing the praises of Muga's rosé, this vintage seems lacking and sour. The nose is short and quiet, while the palate delivers lean, citric flavors and a sharp, scouring finish. Whets the whistle, but doesn't put a smile on your face.", 'Candied berry and cotton candy aromas include creamy notes of oak and vanilla. A beefy, muscular palate gives dark flavors of blackberry and chocolate, while peppery spice and burnt notes rise up on a spunky finish. END
START HERE After many years of singing the praises of Muga's rosé, this vintage seems lacking and sour. The nose is short and quiet, while the palate delivers lean, citric flavors and a sharp, scouring finish. Whets the whistle, but doesn't put a smile on your face.", 'Candied berry and cotton candy aromas include creamy notes of oak and vanilla. A beefy, muscular palate gives dark flavors of blackberry and chocolate, while peppery spice and burnt notes rise up on a spunky finish.', "A red blend from Salento, this bright red offers jammy notes of blackberry preserves, black cherry and prune. There's an impression of sweetness on the finish, followed by a rich, chewy mouthfeel. END
START HERE Candied berry and cotton candy aromas include creamy notes of oak and vanilla. A beefy, muscular palate gives dark flavors of blackberry and chocolate, while peppery spice and burnt notes rise up on a spunky finish.', "A red blend from Salento, this bright red offers jammy notes of blackberry preserves, black cherry and prune. There's an impression of sweetness on the finish, followed by a rich, chewy mouthfeel.", "While aged eight months in oak, this elegantly integrated Chardonnay reveals only the faintest whispers of toast and spice. Thirst quenching and quaffable, the palate highlights crisp peach and apricot against a taut backbone of lemon-line acidity. Enjoy now for it's fresh, youthful flair. END
START HERE A red blend from Salento, this bright red offers jammy notes of blackberry preserves, black cherry and prune. There's an impression of sweetness on the finish, followed by a rich, chewy mouthfeel.", "While aged eight months in oak, this elegantly integrated Chardonnay reveals only the faintest whispers of toast and spice. Thirst quenching and quaffable, the palate highlights crisp peach and apricot against a taut backbone of lemon-line acidity. Enjoy now for it's fresh, youthful flair.", 'Opens on the scratchy side but settles into true Pinot country with some airing. Chunky and full in the mouth, with round berry flavors and leafy, herbal spice notes. Just juicy and fresh enough on the finish, with additional spice and some burn. END
START HERE While aged eight months in oak, this elegantly integrated Chardonnay reveals only the faintest whispers of toast and spice. Thirst quenching and quaffable, the palate highlights crisp peach and apricot against a taut backbone of lemon-line acidity. Enjoy now for it's fresh, youthful flair.", 'Opens on the scratchy side but settles into true Pinot country with some airing. Chunky and full in the mouth, with round berry flavors and leafy, herbal spice notes. Just juicy and fresh enough on the finish, with additional spice and some burn.', 'Dense and complex, with plum and black licorice notes upfront, followed by cherry and peat moss in the mouth. Gripping tannins and intense mineral notes are cut a bit short by warm alcohol on the finish. Nevertheless, an impressive effort. Drink now to 2010. END
START HERE Opens on the scratchy side but settles into true Pinot country with some airing. Chunky and full in the mouth, with round berry flavors and leafy, herbal spice notes. Just juicy and fresh enough on the finish, with additional spice and some burn.', 'Dense and complex, with plum and black licorice notes upfront, followed by cherry and peat moss in the mouth. Gripping tannins and intense mineral notes are cut a bit short by warm alcohol on the finish. Nevertheless, an impressive effort. Drink now to 2010.', 'A fruity, young and crisp wine that is all about raspberry and red currant fruits. It is fresh with just a hint of caramel and with bright acidity at the end. END
START HERE Dense and complex, with plum and black licorice notes upfront, followed by cherry and peat moss in the mouth. Gripping tannins and intense mineral notes are cut a bit short by warm alcohol on the finish. Nevertheless, an impressive effort. Drink now to 2010.', 'A fruity, young and crisp wine that is all about raspberry and red currant fruits. It is fresh with just a hint of caramel and with bright acidity at the end.', "A rugged, country-style wine, dry and sharp in acids and tannins, with blackberry and herb flavors. Made from Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and several other varieties, it's a decent everyday sipper. END
START HERE A fruity, young and crisp wine that is all about raspberry and red currant fruits. It is fresh with just a hint of caramel and with bright acidity at the end.', "A rugged, country-style wine, dry and sharp in acids and tannins, with blackberry and herb flavors. Made from Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and several other varieties, it's a decent everyday sipper.", 'Aromas of wet rock, chewing gum and mild citrus fruits are straight down the middle. This feels modest, while cottony flavors of citrus and watermelon finish short and easy. END
START HERE A rugged, country-style wine, dry and sharp in acids and tannins, with blackberry and herb flavors. Made from Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and several other varieties, it's a decent everyday sipper.", 'Aromas of wet rock, chewing gum and mild citrus fruits are straight down the middle. This feels modest, while cottony flavors of citrus and watermelon finish short and easy.', 'This is floral and candied upfront, with a red licorice note. It feels full and fleshy, with hints of red berry and cassis, with not too much oak on the palate. Ripe, basic, clean and sweet as a whole. END
START HERE Aromas of wet rock, chewing gum and mild citrus fruits are straight down the middle. This feels modest, while cottony flavors of citrus and watermelon finish short and easy.', 'This is floral and candied upfront, with a red licorice note. It feels full and fleshy, with hints of red berry and cassis, with not too much oak on the palate. Ripe, basic, clean and sweet as a whole.', "Plump red cherry notes meet clove, allspice and dried ginger on the nose of this bottling. Though light in body, there's decent grip on the palate, where candied cherry and cranberry flavors are spiced with anise. END
START HERE This is floral and candied upfront, with a red licorice note. It feels full and fleshy, with hints of red berry and cassis, with not too much oak on the palate. Ripe, basic, clean and sweet as a whole.', "Plump red cherry notes meet clove, allspice and dried ginger on the nose of this bottling. Though light in body, there's decent grip on the palate, where candied cherry and cranberry flavors are spiced with anise.", "Pink and light, with a sharp nose that's sweaty and sour. The palate is quite strong in acidity, so there's razor-like sharpness and spiky flavors of grapefruit and early season red plums. Overly zesty and tart; made from Malbec, Syrah and Petit Verdot. END
START HERE Plump red cherry notes meet clove, allspice and dried ginger on the nose of this bottling. Though light in body, there's decent grip on the palate, where candied cherry and cranberry flavors are spiced with anise.", "Pink and light, with a sharp nose that's sweaty and sour. The palate is quite strong in acidity, so there's razor-like sharpness and spiky flavors of grapefruit and early season red plums. Overly zesty and tart; made from Malbec, Syrah and Petit Verdot.", "Simple and sugary sweet, with peach, pineapple and mango flavors that taste like a supermarket fruit juice. It's okay for an everyday Chard. END
START HERE Pink and light, with a sharp nose that's sweaty and sour. The palate is quite strong in acidity, so there's razor-like sharpness and spiky flavors of grapefruit and early season red plums. Overly zesty and tart; made from Malbec, Syrah and Petit Verdot.", "Simple and sugary sweet, with peach, pineapple and mango flavors that taste like a supermarket fruit juice. It's okay for an everyday Chard.", 'Lightly oaked Chardonnay, full of yellow fruits, spice and a floral character that gives the wine a lift. Softly textured, juicy with tighter final acidity. Screwcap. END
START HERE Simple and sugary sweet, with peach, pineapple and mango flavors that taste like a supermarket fruit juice. It's okay for an everyday Chard.", 'Lightly oaked Chardonnay, full of yellow fruits, spice and a floral character that gives the wine a lift. Softly textured, juicy with tighter final acidity. Screwcap.', 'Il Puro is a simple but genuine expression of Merlot with soft cherry nuances backed by light shadings of spice and mineral. The texture is smooth and silky, and although this is a very simple wine, it does deliver easy drinking pleasure. END
START HERE Lightly oaked Chardonnay, full of yellow fruits, spice and a floral character that gives the wine a lift. Softly textured, juicy with tighter final acidity. Screwcap.', 'Il Puro is a simple but genuine expression of Merlot with soft cherry nuances backed by light shadings of spice and mineral. The texture is smooth and silky, and although this is a very simple wine, it does deliver easy drinking pleasure.', "Smooth and instantly appealing, this estate-grown Merlot has a broad, chocolaty palate that's loaded with cherry fruit. There are peppery, herbal highlights, and plenty of lingering, polished tannins. END
START HERE Il Puro is a simple but genuine expression of Merlot with soft cherry nuances backed by light shadings of spice and mineral. The texture is smooth and silky, and although this is a very simple wine, it does deliver easy drinking pleasure.', "Smooth and instantly appealing, this estate-grown Merlot has a broad, chocolaty palate that's loaded with cherry fruit. There are peppery, herbal highlights, and plenty of lingering, polished tannins.", 'Scratchy, reedy raspberry aromas set up an edgy, tight and drying wash of tart plum fruit and then a peppery, woodspiced finish. Tart and astringent overall. END
START HERE Smooth and instantly appealing, this estate-grown Merlot has a broad, chocolaty palate that's loaded with cherry fruit. There are peppery, herbal highlights, and plenty of lingering, polished tannins.", 'Scratchy, reedy raspberry aromas set up an edgy, tight and drying wash of tart plum fruit and then a peppery, woodspiced finish. Tart and astringent overall.', 'The Il Tralcetto line of wines is packaged with a real grape vine clipping looped over the neck of the bottle. Inside is a fresh and easy expression of Merlot that is redolent of cherry, raspberry and spice. END
START HERE Scratchy, reedy raspberry aromas set up an edgy, tight and drying wash of tart plum fruit and then a peppery, woodspiced finish. Tart and astringent overall.', 'The Il Tralcetto line of wines is packaged with a real grape vine clipping looped over the neck of the bottle. Inside is a fresh and easy expression of Merlot that is redolent of cherry, raspberry and spice.', "There's a touch of wood to this wine, but the primary emphasis is on citrusy, pineapple-scented fruit. Apple flavors provide roundness, while the wine finishes citrusy and fresh without being sharp. END
START HERE The Il Tralcetto line of wines is packaged with a real grape vine clipping looped over the neck of the bottle. Inside is a fresh and easy expression of Merlot that is redolent of cherry, raspberry and spice.', "There's a touch of wood to this wine, but the primary emphasis is on citrusy, pineapple-scented fruit. Apple flavors provide roundness, while the wine finishes citrusy and fresh without being sharp.", 'Roasted dark fruit aromas form a generic opening, while the palate is perfectly acceptable even with some scratchiness. The flavors are your basic berries and pepper, while the finish is dry and toasty. Good but regular, plain and simple. END
START HERE There's a touch of wood to this wine, but the primary emphasis is on citrusy, pineapple-scented fruit. Apple flavors provide roundness, while the wine finishes citrusy and fresh without being sharp.", 'Roasted dark fruit aromas form a generic opening, while the palate is perfectly acceptable even with some scratchiness. The flavors are your basic berries and pepper, while the finish is dry and toasty. Good but regular, plain and simple.', 'A stewy, thin version of Syrah that could be almost any red wine. END
START HERE Roasted dark fruit aromas form a generic opening, while the palate is perfectly acceptable even with some scratchiness. The flavors are your basic berries and pepper, while the finish is dry and toasty. Good but regular, plain and simple.', 'A stewy, thin version of Syrah that could be almost any red wine.', 'Balanced acidity and fruit give this Lobre wine its immediate attraction. It has a bright character, the fruit and the acidity in harmony. Drink this ripe wine now. END
START HERE A stewy, thin version of Syrah that could be almost any red wine.', 'Balanced acidity and fruit give this Lobre wine its immediate attraction. It has a bright character, the fruit and the acidity in harmony. Drink this ripe wine now.', 'Light and generally clean smelling, with standard green apple, melon and lime aromas. Feels a touch flat and pithy for Casablanca, with generic citrus and mild bitterness for flavors. Pithy and just juicy enough on the finish. END
START HERE Balanced acidity and fruit give this Lobre wine its immediate attraction. It has a bright character, the fruit and the acidity in harmony. Drink this ripe wine now.', 'Light and generally clean smelling, with standard green apple, melon and lime aromas. Feels a touch flat and pithy for Casablanca, with generic citrus and mild bitterness for flavors. Pithy and just juicy enough on the finish.', 'Big, raisiny and obtuse up front, this fully extracted Malbec is heavy on the palate, with raisin, prune and cassis flavors that show interior notes of green herbs. This tastes minty, herbal and hot on the finish, with barely any freshness. END
START HERE Light and generally clean smelling, with standard green apple, melon and lime aromas. Feels a touch flat and pithy for Casablanca, with generic citrus and mild bitterness for flavors. Pithy and just juicy enough on the finish.', 'Big, raisiny and obtuse up front, this fully extracted Malbec is heavy on the palate, with raisin, prune and cassis flavors that show interior notes of green herbs. This tastes minty, herbal and hot on the finish, with barely any freshness.', 'A full-bodied Pinot Noir, this bears ripe cherry, red plum and tart cranberry flavors. The considerable acidity gives it a mouth-watering bite. Drink soon, and decant it. END
START HERE Big, raisiny and obtuse up front, this fully extracted Malbec is heavy on the palate, with raisin, prune and cassis flavors that show interior notes of green herbs. This tastes minty, herbal and hot on the finish, with barely any freshness.', 'A full-bodied Pinot Noir, this bears ripe cherry, red plum and tart cranberry flavors. The considerable acidity gives it a mouth-watering bite. Drink soon, and decant it.', 'Dry, rubbery aromas are low on fruit. This is pulpy and citric in feel, with flavors of apple cider, brown sugar and caramel. Sweetness carries onto the finish, which tastes mostly of molasses offset by citrus. END
START HERE A full-bodied Pinot Noir, this bears ripe cherry, red plum and tart cranberry flavors. The considerable acidity gives it a mouth-watering bite. Drink soon, and decant it.', 'Dry, rubbery aromas are low on fruit. This is pulpy and citric in feel, with flavors of apple cider, brown sugar and caramel. Sweetness carries onto the finish, which tastes mostly of molasses offset by citrus.', "This bottling's slightly dank nose recalls the front lawn being cut on a hot summer day, but a warmer, more inviting peach and nectarine fruit component awaits in the background. The palate is tangy with sharp lime peels and a bit tarry. END
START HERE Dry, rubbery aromas are low on fruit. This is pulpy and citric in feel, with flavors of apple cider, brown sugar and caramel. Sweetness carries onto the finish, which tastes mostly of molasses offset by citrus.', "This bottling's slightly dank nose recalls the front lawn being cut on a hot summer day, but a warmer, more inviting peach and nectarine fruit component awaits in the background. The palate is tangy with sharp lime peels and a bit tarry.", 'Despite overriding aromas of spunky, candied berry fruits and wet dog fur, this rubbery, acidic blend is pretty good. Saucy, fresh berry, cherry and tomato flavors finish briny and savory, with moderate heat and burn. END
START HERE This bottling's slightly dank nose recalls the front lawn being cut on a hot summer day, but a warmer, more inviting peach and nectarine fruit component awaits in the background. The palate is tangy with sharp lime peels and a bit tarry.", 'Despite overriding aromas of spunky, candied berry fruits and wet dog fur, this rubbery, acidic blend is pretty good. Saucy, fresh berry, cherry and tomato flavors finish briny and savory, with moderate heat and burn.', "While the nose seems a bit savory, with muted apple and honeycomb notes, this dry, full-bodied Riesling is quite fruity on the palate, with pleasant peach and nectarine flavors. It's brisk, with lemon-lime acidity and just a hint of astringency on the finish. END
START HERE Despite overriding aromas of spunky, candied berry fruits and wet dog fur, this rubbery, acidic blend is pretty good. Saucy, fresh berry, cherry and tomato flavors finish briny and savory, with moderate heat and burn.', "While the nose seems a bit savory, with muted apple and honeycomb notes, this dry, full-bodied Riesling is quite fruity on the palate, with pleasant peach and nectarine flavors. It's brisk, with lemon-lime acidity and just a hint of astringency on the finish.", 'This lightly sweet wine has an intense oaky, peppery, smoky aroma and the flavors come out the same way. The beefy, liquid-smoke character should match ribs in barbecue sauce. END
START HERE While the nose seems a bit savory, with muted apple and honeycomb notes, this dry, full-bodied Riesling is quite fruity on the palate, with pleasant peach and nectarine flavors. It's brisk, with lemon-lime acidity and just a hint of astringency on the finish.", 'This lightly sweet wine has an intense oaky, peppery, smoky aroma and the flavors come out the same way. The beefy, liquid-smoke character should match ribs in barbecue sauce.', 'Peppery, herbal aromas are gritty and a touch green on the nose. This Syrah-led blend is lean in body and relatively high in acid, with a scratchy palate. Quickly fleeting flavors of raspberry and currant are mildly complex, while the finish is light and fresh. END
START HERE This lightly sweet wine has an intense oaky, peppery, smoky aroma and the flavors come out the same way. The beefy, liquid-smoke character should match ribs in barbecue sauce.', 'Peppery, herbal aromas are gritty and a touch green on the nose. This Syrah-led blend is lean in body and relatively high in acid, with a scratchy palate. Quickly fleeting flavors of raspberry and currant are mildly complex, while the finish is light and fresh.', 'Jammy apricot, orange, mango and vanilla bean flavors mark this simple but tasty Chardonnay. It has enough acidity to keep it from collapsing. END
START HERE Peppery, herbal aromas are gritty and a touch green on the nose. This Syrah-led blend is lean in body and relatively high in acid, with a scratchy palate. Quickly fleeting flavors of raspberry and currant are mildly complex, while the finish is light and fresh.', 'Jammy apricot, orange, mango and vanilla bean flavors mark this simple but tasty Chardonnay. It has enough acidity to keep it from collapsing.', "This big-flavored Zin is wrapped in layers of brick and tar, smoke and oak, amidst its wild blackberry aromas. It's simple and priced accordingly. END
START HERE Jammy apricot, orange, mango and vanilla bean flavors mark this simple but tasty Chardonnay. It has enough acidity to keep it from collapsing.', "This big-flavored Zin is wrapped in layers of brick and tar, smoke and oak, amidst its wild blackberry aromas. It's simple and priced accordingly.", 'Very ripe, with a solid structure, this is dense and tannic. Its black plum and berry fruits are rich, jammy and likely to show well with the tannins in a few years. Drink from 2016. END
START HERE This big-flavored Zin is wrapped in layers of brick and tar, smoke and oak, amidst its wild blackberry aromas. It's simple and priced accordingly.", 'Very ripe, with a solid structure, this is dense and tannic. Its black plum and berry fruits are rich, jammy and likely to show well with the tannins in a few years. Drink from 2016.', 'This Malbec shows massive amounts of barrel influence and a strong element of diesel fuel, which takes a while to blow off. END
START HERE Very ripe, with a solid structure, this is dense and tannic. Its black plum and berry fruits are rich, jammy and likely to show well with the tannins in a few years. Drink from 2016.', 'This Malbec shows massive amounts of barrel influence and a strong element of diesel fuel, which takes a while to blow off.', 'Briary raspberry and tomato aromas open this light-bodied Pinot. The palate is linear in feel, with lightly herbal, currant flavors that finish on accents of resiny oak. END
START HERE This Malbec shows massive amounts of barrel influence and a strong element of diesel fuel, which takes a while to blow off.', 'Briary raspberry and tomato aromas open this light-bodied Pinot. The palate is linear in feel, with lightly herbal, currant flavors that finish on accents of resiny oak.', 'Wearing a heavy mantle of rather green, not-too-subtle oak, the fruit in this wine struggles to be noticed. Faintly apple, with earthy notes, it is fairly buried, and the wine lacks the life and dimension on the palate one seeks in a wine with reserve status. END
START HERE Briary raspberry and tomato aromas open this light-bodied Pinot. The palate is linear in feel, with lightly herbal, currant flavors that finish on accents of resiny oak.', 'Wearing a heavy mantle of rather green, not-too-subtle oak, the fruit in this wine struggles to be noticed. Faintly apple, with earthy notes, it is fairly buried, and the wine lacks the life and dimension on the palate one seeks in a wine with reserve status.', 'With a vegetal note, some cocoa and berry on the nose and its simple, rather flat flavor profile, this Cabernet suffers from both vintage deficiencies and over-oaking. Dry and woody on the back end. END
START HERE Wearing a heavy mantle of rather green, not-too-subtle oak, the fruit in this wine struggles to be noticed. Faintly apple, with earthy notes, it is fairly buried, and the wine lacks the life and dimension on the palate one seeks in a wine with reserve status.', 'With a vegetal note, some cocoa and berry on the nose and its simple, rather flat flavor profile, this Cabernet suffers from both vintage deficiencies and over-oaking. Dry and woody on the back end.', 'Gritty berry and bacon aromas are forceful. Matching the nose, the palate feels raw and rubbery. Astringent tannins dry out plum and currant flavors. This Malbec-led blend is punchy, herbal and roasted tasting on the finish. END
START HERE With a vegetal note, some cocoa and berry on the nose and its simple, rather flat flavor profile, this Cabernet suffers from both vintage deficiencies and over-oaking. Dry and woody on the back end.', 'Gritty berry and bacon aromas are forceful. Matching the nose, the palate feels raw and rubbery. Astringent tannins dry out plum and currant flavors. This Malbec-led blend is punchy, herbal and roasted tasting on the finish.', "Slightly herbal in character—not surprising given that it's 70% Cabernet Franc, an unusual variety for the Gard. Those leafy notes persist from start to finish, balanced out hints of peach and raspberry. Easy to drink. END
START HERE Gritty berry and bacon aromas are forceful. Matching the nose, the palate feels raw and rubbery. Astringent tannins dry out plum and currant flavors. This Malbec-led blend is punchy, herbal and roasted tasting on the finish.', "Slightly herbal in character—not surprising given that it's 70% Cabernet Franc, an unusual variety for the Gard. Those leafy notes persist from start to finish, balanced out hints of peach and raspberry. Easy to drink.", "Steely mineral notes accent luscious white grapefruit and yellow nectarine flavors on the nose of this delicate, yet lushly textured spätlese. It's softly sweet, with hints of honey and peach nectar, but bristling with acidity. A surprising bargain buy from Karl Josef. END
START HERE Slightly herbal in character—not surprising given that it's 70% Cabernet Franc, an unusual variety for the Gard. Those leafy notes persist from start to finish, balanced out hints of peach and raspberry. Easy to drink.", "Steely mineral notes accent luscious white grapefruit and yellow nectarine flavors on the nose of this delicate, yet lushly textured spätlese. It's softly sweet, with hints of honey and peach nectar, but bristling with acidity. A surprising bargain buy from Karl Josef.", 'This has an oily gritty nose and a palate with lemony acidity. Flavors of lemon and green currant fall off and turn a touch bitter on the finish, something you could probably predict given the gritty start. END
START HERE Steely mineral notes accent luscious white grapefruit and yellow nectarine flavors on the nose of this delicate, yet lushly textured spätlese. It's softly sweet, with hints of honey and peach nectar, but bristling with acidity. A surprising bargain buy from Karl Josef.", 'This has an oily gritty nose and a palate with lemony acidity. Flavors of lemon and green currant fall off and turn a touch bitter on the finish, something you could probably predict given the gritty start.', 'Made with 80% Sangiovese, 10% Mammolo and 10% Canaiolo, this offers subdued aromas of red cherry, chopped mint and a hint white pepper. The breezy, easygoing palate shows crushed raspberry and orange zest underscored by lively acidity. END
START HERE This has an oily gritty nose and a palate with lemony acidity. Flavors of lemon and green currant fall off and turn a touch bitter on the finish, something you could probably predict given the gritty start.', 'Made with 80% Sangiovese, 10% Mammolo and 10% Canaiolo, this offers subdued aromas of red cherry, chopped mint and a hint white pepper. The breezy, easygoing palate shows crushed raspberry and orange zest underscored by lively acidity.', "Made from three of the prominent grapes grown in Virginia—Chambourcin, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot—this dry, spicy red blend is energetic and packed with red cherry, pepper and cinnamon. Friendly and accessible, it's a great everyday sip. The wine pays tribute to service dogs and their work with disabled people. END
START HERE Made with 80% Sangiovese, 10% Mammolo and 10% Canaiolo, this offers subdued aromas of red cherry, chopped mint and a hint white pepper. The breezy, easygoing palate shows crushed raspberry and orange zest underscored by lively acidity.', "Made from three of the prominent grapes grown in Virginia—Chambourcin, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot—this dry, spicy red blend is energetic and packed with red cherry, pepper and cinnamon. Friendly and accessible, it's a great everyday sip. The wine pays tribute to service dogs and their work with disabled people.", 'Attractive and fruity, this wine is full of fresh red fruits as well as balanced wood flavors. The tannins are soft, already integrated, and have a warm feel to them. The wine will age, intensifying in fruitiness over the next two years. END
START HERE Made from three of the prominent grapes grown in Virginia—Chambourcin, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot—this dry, spicy red blend is energetic and packed with red cherry, pepper and cinnamon. Friendly and accessible, it's a great everyday sip. The wine pays tribute to service dogs and their work with disabled people.", 'Attractive and fruity, this wine is full of fresh red fruits as well as balanced wood flavors. The tannins are soft, already integrated, and have a warm feel to them. The wine will age, intensifying in fruitiness over the next two years.', "A simple wine, with some charm. The chief fault is unripeness, in the form of bell peppers and ammonia. Yet you'll also find citrus and tropical fruits, leading to a honeyed finish. END
START HERE Attractive and fruity, this wine is full of fresh red fruits as well as balanced wood flavors. The tannins are soft, already integrated, and have a warm feel to them. The wine will age, intensifying in fruitiness over the next two years.', "A simple wine, with some charm. The chief fault is unripeness, in the form of bell peppers and ammonia. Yet you'll also find citrus and tropical fruits, leading to a honeyed finish.", 'Exotic and unusual for value-priced Malbec, with aromas of blueberry and Middle Eastern spice. Feels chunky yet juicy, with good acidity highlighting lightly herbal flavors of plum and tomato. Meaty, round and solid on the finish, with saucy spiciness. END
START HERE A simple wine, with some charm. The chief fault is unripeness, in the form of bell peppers and ammonia. Yet you'll also find citrus and tropical fruits, leading to a honeyed finish.", 'Exotic and unusual for value-priced Malbec, with aromas of blueberry and Middle Eastern spice. Feels chunky yet juicy, with good acidity highlighting lightly herbal flavors of plum and tomato. Meaty, round and solid on the finish, with saucy spiciness.', 'The easy-to-find Gnarly Head, a blend of 50% Zinfandel, 20% Merlot, 15% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Petite Sirah and 3% Syrah, is young and ready to drink.Its fruity nose and peppery spice tmakes it a full-blown crowd pleaser ready for backyard barbecues. END
START HERE Exotic and unusual for value-priced Malbec, with aromas of blueberry and Middle Eastern spice. Feels chunky yet juicy, with good acidity highlighting lightly herbal flavors of plum and tomato. Meaty, round and solid on the finish, with saucy spiciness.', 'The easy-to-find Gnarly Head, a blend of 50% Zinfandel, 20% Merlot, 15% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Petite Sirah and 3% Syrah, is young and ready to drink.Its fruity nose and peppery spice tmakes it a full-blown crowd pleaser ready for backyard barbecues.', 'A gritty but well-made wine with aromas of crushed brick, red pepper flake, earth and sandalwood. The palate is tightly wound and mildly tannic, with semisweet flavors of black plum, fig, black cherry and chocolate. Shows a medicinal edge on the finsih, but nothing too drastic. END
START HERE The easy-to-find Gnarly Head, a blend of 50% Zinfandel, 20% Merlot, 15% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Petite Sirah and 3% Syrah, is young and ready to drink.Its fruity nose and peppery spice tmakes it a full-blown crowd pleaser ready for backyard barbecues.', 'A gritty but well-made wine with aromas of crushed brick, red pepper flake, earth and sandalwood. The palate is tightly wound and mildly tannic, with semisweet flavors of black plum, fig, black cherry and chocolate. Shows a medicinal edge on the finsih, but nothing too drastic.', 'Rubbery cherry aromas show a mushroom note. This is acidic, with grabby oak-based tannins. Dry, spicy, woody flavors of tea and black plum hollow out on the finish, which tastes a bit raisiny. END
START HERE A gritty but well-made wine with aromas of crushed brick, red pepper flake, earth and sandalwood. The palate is tightly wound and mildly tannic, with semisweet flavors of black plum, fig, black cherry and chocolate. Shows a medicinal edge on the finsih, but nothing too drastic.', 'Rubbery cherry aromas show a mushroom note. This is acidic, with grabby oak-based tannins. Dry, spicy, woody flavors of tea and black plum hollow out on the finish, which tastes a bit raisiny.', "Nice and peppery, with deep, impressive blackberry and plum, bacon and sandalwood flavors. It's a full-bodied wine with lots of power and elegance. Drink now. END
START HERE Rubbery cherry aromas show a mushroom note. This is acidic, with grabby oak-based tannins. Dry, spicy, woody flavors of tea and black plum hollow out on the finish, which tastes a bit raisiny.', "Nice and peppery, with deep, impressive blackberry and plum, bacon and sandalwood flavors. It's a full-bodied wine with lots of power and elegance. Drink now.", 'A blend of Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon, this wine shows tones of red currant juice and geranium. Light in body and tannin, this is mild and approachable. END
START HERE Nice and peppery, with deep, impressive blackberry and plum, bacon and sandalwood flavors. It's a full-bodied wine with lots of power and elegance. Drink now.", 'A blend of Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon, this wine shows tones of red currant juice and geranium. Light in body and tannin, this is mild and approachable.', 'Aromas of overripe peach pit and oily tropical fruits are flat and low on fun. This is acidic but lacking in body and support. Sour plum and lemon flavors lead to a tangy finish. END
START HERE A blend of Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon, this wine shows tones of red currant juice and geranium. Light in body and tannin, this is mild and approachable.', 'Aromas of overripe peach pit and oily tropical fruits are flat and low on fun. This is acidic but lacking in body and support. Sour plum and lemon flavors lead to a tangy finish.', 'Firm and dense, this wine has solid tannins as well as the potential of ripe black fruits. It has been firmly extracted, although the fruit is there to give the balance. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE Aromas of overripe peach pit and oily tropical fruits are flat and low on fun. This is acidic but lacking in body and support. Sour plum and lemon flavors lead to a tangy finish.', 'Firm and dense, this wine has solid tannins as well as the potential of ripe black fruits. It has been firmly extracted, although the fruit is there to give the balance. Drink from 2018.', 'Sweet grass and soft baby powder notes mingle with the ripe gooseberry and lime aromas and flavors. Brisk and lively with a soft prickly sensation on the palate and a mouthwatering finish. END
START HERE Firm and dense, this wine has solid tannins as well as the potential of ripe black fruits. It has been firmly extracted, although the fruit is there to give the balance. Drink from 2018.', 'Sweet grass and soft baby powder notes mingle with the ripe gooseberry and lime aromas and flavors. Brisk and lively with a soft prickly sensation on the palate and a mouthwatering finish.', 'Heavy and tannic, with baked cherry-berry flavors and a sharp finish. END
START HERE Sweet grass and soft baby powder notes mingle with the ripe gooseberry and lime aromas and flavors. Brisk and lively with a soft prickly sensation on the palate and a mouthwatering finish.', 'Heavy and tannic, with baked cherry-berry flavors and a sharp finish.', "Light salmon in color, this has aromas of pineapple, passion fruit and tangerine. It feels tangy and zesty, with pithy, crisp flavors of citrus fruits and red berries. It's juicy, but not overly flavorful on the finish. END
START HERE Heavy and tannic, with baked cherry-berry flavors and a sharp finish.', "Light salmon in color, this has aromas of pineapple, passion fruit and tangerine. It feels tangy and zesty, with pithy, crisp flavors of citrus fruits and red berries. It's juicy, but not overly flavorful on the finish.", 'With its nose offering toasty oak and leather notes, this shows a bit of depth. Light but full-flavored, as Pinot may be, the dark cherry and oak flavors are simple and rustic. END
START HERE Light salmon in color, this has aromas of pineapple, passion fruit and tangerine. It feels tangy and zesty, with pithy, crisp flavors of citrus fruits and red berries. It's juicy, but not overly flavorful on the finish.", 'With its nose offering toasty oak and leather notes, this shows a bit of depth. Light but full-flavored, as Pinot may be, the dark cherry and oak flavors are simple and rustic.', "From the Cognac region, this fresh and fruity wine is light and bright with herbal flavors, crisp citrus and intense acidity. It's ready to drink. END
START HERE With its nose offering toasty oak and leather notes, this shows a bit of depth. Light but full-flavored, as Pinot may be, the dark cherry and oak flavors are simple and rustic.', "From the Cognac region, this fresh and fruity wine is light and bright with herbal flavors, crisp citrus and intense acidity. It's ready to drink.", 'Aromas of peach, herb and flowers are followed by off-dry lightly spritzy lime and stone-fruit flavors. It lacks a sense of cohesion. END
START HERE From the Cognac region, this fresh and fruity wine is light and bright with herbal flavors, crisp citrus and intense acidity. It's ready to drink.", 'Aromas of peach, herb and flowers are followed by off-dry lightly spritzy lime and stone-fruit flavors. It lacks a sense of cohesion.', 'Bright grapefruit and gooseberry aromas flesh out admirably in the mouth, with tart apple and citrus flavors moving to the fore. Finishes clean and crisp—a perfect partner for shellfish or fresh chèvre. END
START HERE Aromas of peach, herb and flowers are followed by off-dry lightly spritzy lime and stone-fruit flavors. It lacks a sense of cohesion.', 'Bright grapefruit and gooseberry aromas flesh out admirably in the mouth, with tart apple and citrus flavors moving to the fore. Finishes clean and crisp—a perfect partner for shellfish or fresh chèvre.', 'Reedy plum and raspberry aromas are a touch floral. This feels highly regular, while medicinal berry flavors carry a mild green and weedy side note. A finish with modest raspberry and cherry notes is par for the course. END
START HERE Bright grapefruit and gooseberry aromas flesh out admirably in the mouth, with tart apple and citrus flavors moving to the fore. Finishes clean and crisp—a perfect partner for shellfish or fresh chèvre.', 'Reedy plum and raspberry aromas are a touch floral. This feels highly regular, while medicinal berry flavors carry a mild green and weedy side note. A finish with modest raspberry and cherry notes is par for the course.', "A big letdown after the 2009, this is a simple, rustic wine. It's dry and acidic, with thin berry, herb and spice flavors. END
START HERE Reedy plum and raspberry aromas are a touch floral. This feels highly regular, while medicinal berry flavors carry a mild green and weedy side note. A finish with modest raspberry and cherry notes is par for the course.', "A big letdown after the 2009, this is a simple, rustic wine. It's dry and acidic, with thin berry, herb and spice flavors.", "This is a well-made wine, correct in all respects but decidely light for a Cabernet Sauvignon, perhaps a reflection of the difficult 1998 (La Niña) vintage. However, its attractive flavor package and appraochable structure make for easy drinking with tonight's pasta or pizza. END
START HERE A big letdown after the 2009, this is a simple, rustic wine. It's dry and acidic, with thin berry, herb and spice flavors.", "This is a well-made wine, correct in all respects but decidely light for a Cabernet Sauvignon, perhaps a reflection of the difficult 1998 (La Niña) vintage. However, its attractive flavor package and appraochable structure make for easy drinking with tonight's pasta or pizza.", "A year or two ago when Paul Hobbs began consulting for Toso things changed for the better. This is the rare Best Buy that can swim with the big fish and give them a run for the money. Pop the cork and enjoy lusty dark aromas of Turkish tobacco and berry compote. In the mouth, there's a riot of fruit flavors to ponder followed by a smooth, lusty finish. END
START HERE This is a well-made wine, correct in all respects but decidely light for a Cabernet Sauvignon, perhaps a reflection of the difficult 1998 (La Niña) vintage. However, its attractive flavor package and appraochable structure make for easy drinking with tonight's pasta or pizza.", "A year or two ago when Paul Hobbs began consulting for Toso things changed for the better. This is the rare Best Buy that can swim with the big fish and give them a run for the money. Pop the cork and enjoy lusty dark aromas of Turkish tobacco and berry compote. In the mouth, there's a riot of fruit flavors to ponder followed by a smooth, lusty finish.", 'A nice, easy-to-drink Sauvignon Blanc marked by clean, crisp acids and dryish flavors of green apples and lemongrass, with just a touch of gooseberry. Versatile with goat cheese, grilled veggies, broiled chicken or a salad of bitter greens and fresh fruit. END
START HERE A year or two ago when Paul Hobbs began consulting for Toso things changed for the better. This is the rare Best Buy that can swim with the big fish and give them a run for the money. Pop the cork and enjoy lusty dark aromas of Turkish tobacco and berry compote. In the mouth, there's a riot of fruit flavors to ponder followed by a smooth, lusty finish.", 'A nice, easy-to-drink Sauvignon Blanc marked by clean, crisp acids and dryish flavors of green apples and lemongrass, with just a touch of gooseberry. Versatile with goat cheese, grilled veggies, broiled chicken or a salad of bitter greens and fresh fruit.', 'This wine is pale pink in color, with aromas suggesting herbs, cherry and red apple. It drinks off dry and is an easy-drinking porch pounder. END
START HERE A nice, easy-to-drink Sauvignon Blanc marked by clean, crisp acids and dryish flavors of green apples and lemongrass, with just a touch of gooseberry. Versatile with goat cheese, grilled veggies, broiled chicken or a salad of bitter greens and fresh fruit.', 'This wine is pale pink in color, with aromas suggesting herbs, cherry and red apple. It drinks off dry and is an easy-drinking porch pounder.', 'Thick, soft and heavy, this Merlot has medicinal cherry and blackberry flavors. END
START HERE This wine is pale pink in color, with aromas suggesting herbs, cherry and red apple. It drinks off dry and is an easy-drinking porch pounder.', 'Thick, soft and heavy, this Merlot has medicinal cherry and blackberry flavors.', 'Attractive floral aromas and bright cherry and raspberry flavors make a light, refreshing impression. This medium-bodied wine has light tannins and lively acidity in the texture. END
START HERE Thick, soft and heavy, this Merlot has medicinal cherry and blackberry flavors.', 'Attractive floral aromas and bright cherry and raspberry flavors make a light, refreshing impression. This medium-bodied wine has light tannins and lively acidity in the texture.', 'A little funky and sweaty on the nose, suggesting sautéed onions and baked apple. Oak comes into play on the palate, which is soft but just solid enough. Tastes sweet and woody, with vanilla, resin and pear flavors. Plump on the finish. END
START HERE Attractive floral aromas and bright cherry and raspberry flavors make a light, refreshing impression. This medium-bodied wine has light tannins and lively acidity in the texture.', 'A little funky and sweaty on the nose, suggesting sautéed onions and baked apple. Oak comes into play on the palate, which is soft but just solid enough. Tastes sweet and woody, with vanilla, resin and pear flavors. Plump on the finish.', "This blend of Cabernet and Merlot tastes more like a Shiraz than a Bordeaux blend. It's jammy and peppery and also Porty, with an overripe, brandied taste. END
START HERE A little funky and sweaty on the nose, suggesting sautéed onions and baked apple. Oak comes into play on the palate, which is soft but just solid enough. Tastes sweet and woody, with vanilla, resin and pear flavors. Plump on the finish.', "This blend of Cabernet and Merlot tastes more like a Shiraz than a Bordeaux blend. It's jammy and peppery and also Porty, with an overripe, brandied taste.", "Herbal, earthy plum and berry aromas open this drawing, tannic Cabernet. Toasty, blackened flavors of hickory smoke and berry fruits make for a woody palate, while a lasting forced-oak flavor on the finish rides over the wine's fruity notes. END
START HERE This blend of Cabernet and Merlot tastes more like a Shiraz than a Bordeaux blend. It's jammy and peppery and also Porty, with an overripe, brandied taste.", "Herbal, earthy plum and berry aromas open this drawing, tannic Cabernet. Toasty, blackened flavors of hickory smoke and berry fruits make for a woody palate, while a lasting forced-oak flavor on the finish rides over the wine's fruity notes.", 'Something went south on this wine. It smells and tastes burnt, like it went through a fire, and the simple flavors are like the syrup in canned peaches. END
START HERE Herbal, earthy plum and berry aromas open this drawing, tannic Cabernet. Toasty, blackened flavors of hickory smoke and berry fruits make for a woody palate, while a lasting forced-oak flavor on the finish rides over the wine's fruity notes.", 'Something went south on this wine. It smells and tastes burnt, like it went through a fire, and the simple flavors are like the syrup in canned peaches.', 'This budget Pinot is light but honest—meaning it has not been blended with Petite Sirah to make it seem darker and more tannic than it actually is. Sour cherry and cranberry fruit, with sharp acids and a hint of ground coffee threaded through the finish. END
START HERE Something went south on this wine. It smells and tastes burnt, like it went through a fire, and the simple flavors are like the syrup in canned peaches.', 'This budget Pinot is light but honest—meaning it has not been blended with Petite Sirah to make it seem darker and more tannic than it actually is. Sour cherry and cranberry fruit, with sharp acids and a hint of ground coffee threaded through the finish.', 'This soft, ripe wine is a blend of 70% Merlot and 30% Cabernet Sauvignon. With black-currant fruit and bright acidity, the wine is fruity and ready to drink. END
START HERE This budget Pinot is light but honest—meaning it has not been blended with Petite Sirah to make it seem darker and more tannic than it actually is. Sour cherry and cranberry fruit, with sharp acids and a hint of ground coffee threaded through the finish.', 'This soft, ripe wine is a blend of 70% Merlot and 30% Cabernet Sauvignon. With black-currant fruit and bright acidity, the wine is fruity and ready to drink.', 'Straightforward in juicy red fruit and dry tannins, it has aromas reminiscent of saddle leather. This wine would work well for parties and larger gatherings, satisfying a range of palates. END
START HERE This soft, ripe wine is a blend of 70% Merlot and 30% Cabernet Sauvignon. With black-currant fruit and bright acidity, the wine is fruity and ready to drink.', 'Straightforward in juicy red fruit and dry tannins, it has aromas reminiscent of saddle leather. This wine would work well for parties and larger gatherings, satisfying a range of palates.', 'Not terribly complicated, but it offers plenty of everyday pleasure, with its array of cherry, plum, oak and spice flavors. END
START HERE Straightforward in juicy red fruit and dry tannins, it has aromas reminiscent of saddle leather. This wine would work well for parties and larger gatherings, satisfying a range of palates.', 'Not terribly complicated, but it offers plenty of everyday pleasure, with its array of cherry, plum, oak and spice flavors.', 'Lime, slate and floral aromas lead to an off-dry palate, with generous amounts of stone-fruit flavors. Floral notes persist on the finish. END
START HERE Not terribly complicated, but it offers plenty of everyday pleasure, with its array of cherry, plum, oak and spice flavors.', 'Lime, slate and floral aromas lead to an off-dry palate, with generous amounts of stone-fruit flavors. Floral notes persist on the finish.', 'Purple in color, this wine has grapy aromas. It feels potent yet pointy, with heavy extraction and high acidity for such a dark, berry-packed wine. The black fruit and pepper flavors are solid, and the finish is tight, with warmth and mild bitterness. END
START HERE Lime, slate and floral aromas lead to an off-dry palate, with generous amounts of stone-fruit flavors. Floral notes persist on the finish.', 'Purple in color, this wine has grapy aromas. It feels potent yet pointy, with heavy extraction and high acidity for such a dark, berry-packed wine. The black fruit and pepper flavors are solid, and the finish is tight, with warmth and mild bitterness.', "This wine's smooth texture is soft, velvety, needing tannins to give it a sense of shape. As it tastes in the mouth now, it shows pleasant sweet berry flavors and a dense mouthfeel. In the end, it is an easy-drinking, early maturing wine. END
START HERE Purple in color, this wine has grapy aromas. It feels potent yet pointy, with heavy extraction and high acidity for such a dark, berry-packed wine. The black fruit and pepper flavors are solid, and the finish is tight, with warmth and mild bitterness.', "This wine's smooth texture is soft, velvety, needing tannins to give it a sense of shape. As it tastes in the mouth now, it shows pleasant sweet berry flavors and a dense mouthfeel. In the end, it is an easy-drinking, early maturing wine.", 'The somewhat light red-purple color does not mean that this medium-bodied wine lacks flavor. Toasty, smoky, caramel aromas from oak carry over to the bold and almost sweet flavors, powering over moderate raspberry and plum undertones. END
START HERE This wine's smooth texture is soft, velvety, needing tannins to give it a sense of shape. As it tastes in the mouth now, it shows pleasant sweet berry flavors and a dense mouthfeel. In the end, it is an easy-drinking, early maturing wine.", 'The somewhat light red-purple color does not mean that this medium-bodied wine lacks flavor. Toasty, smoky, caramel aromas from oak carry over to the bold and almost sweet flavors, powering over moderate raspberry and plum undertones.', "This relatively simple but satisfying wine hits all the basic Sauvignon Blanc notes: Melon, fig, citrus and grassy herbs. It's medium-bodied and boasts a decently long finish, too. Drink now. END
START HERE The somewhat light red-purple color does not mean that this medium-bodied wine lacks flavor. Toasty, smoky, caramel aromas from oak carry over to the bold and almost sweet flavors, powering over moderate raspberry and plum undertones.', "This relatively simple but satisfying wine hits all the basic Sauvignon Blanc notes: Melon, fig, citrus and grassy herbs. It's medium-bodied and boasts a decently long finish, too. Drink now.", "This is an elegant, silky-textured wine that doesn't taste as black or bold as the label would suggest. It has medium body, bright fruit flavors and hints of white pepper and white chocolate that accent a core of red cherry and raspberry. END
START HERE This relatively simple but satisfying wine hits all the basic Sauvignon Blanc notes: Melon, fig, citrus and grassy herbs. It's medium-bodied and boasts a decently long finish, too. Drink now.", "This is an elegant, silky-textured wine that doesn't taste as black or bold as the label would suggest. It has medium body, bright fruit flavors and hints of white pepper and white chocolate that accent a core of red cherry and raspberry.", 'Standard cherry and raspberry aromas are simple and pleasant. This feels fresh and bright, with a moderate mouthfeel. Flavors of red-berry fruits and dry spice finish steady, with balancing acidity. END
START HERE This is an elegant, silky-textured wine that doesn't taste as black or bold as the label would suggest. It has medium body, bright fruit flavors and hints of white pepper and white chocolate that accent a core of red cherry and raspberry.", 'Standard cherry and raspberry aromas are simple and pleasant. This feels fresh and bright, with a moderate mouthfeel. Flavors of red-berry fruits and dry spice finish steady, with balancing acidity.', "Partial barrel fermentation in three different types of barrel give some nice leesy, creamy flavors. The modest fruit flavors run to melon and light citrus. It's elegant and nicely balanced, with a fresh, easy finish. END
START HERE Standard cherry and raspberry aromas are simple and pleasant. This feels fresh and bright, with a moderate mouthfeel. Flavors of red-berry fruits and dry spice finish steady, with balancing acidity.', "Partial barrel fermentation in three different types of barrel give some nice leesy, creamy flavors. The modest fruit flavors run to melon and light citrus. It's elegant and nicely balanced, with a fresh, easy finish.", 'The wine has red fruits and tannins along with acidity. The 25-year old vines have produced a rich wine that is all about fruit and acidity. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE Partial barrel fermentation in three different types of barrel give some nice leesy, creamy flavors. The modest fruit flavors run to melon and light citrus. It's elegant and nicely balanced, with a fresh, easy finish.", 'The wine has red fruits and tannins along with acidity. The 25-year old vines have produced a rich wine that is all about fruit and acidity. Drink from 2018.', "A fruity, lightweight wine made from Grenache, this is crisp and bright. With red-currant flavors, some pepper and an edgy tang of bitter oranges, it's totally refreshing. The wine comes from the same stable as the more expensive Château d'Esclans rosés. END
START HERE The wine has red fruits and tannins along with acidity. The 25-year old vines have produced a rich wine that is all about fruit and acidity. Drink from 2018.', "A fruity, lightweight wine made from Grenache, this is crisp and bright. With red-currant flavors, some pepper and an edgy tang of bitter oranges, it's totally refreshing. The wine comes from the same stable as the more expensive Château d'Esclans rosés.", 'With an aroma like cherry cola, and fruity, almost sweet flavors, this medium-bodied wine is easy to drink. END
START HERE A fruity, lightweight wine made from Grenache, this is crisp and bright. With red-currant flavors, some pepper and an edgy tang of bitter oranges, it's totally refreshing. The wine comes from the same stable as the more expensive Château d'Esclans rosés.", 'With an aroma like cherry cola, and fruity, almost sweet flavors, this medium-bodied wine is easy to drink.', "Smells like Pinot, with meaty plum and fleshy black cherry aromas. Tastes like Pinot, with a supple texture and cola and black cherry flavors. Why can't more wineries turn out good Pinot at this price?. END
START HERE With an aroma like cherry cola, and fruity, almost sweet flavors, this medium-bodied wine is easy to drink.', "Smells like Pinot, with meaty plum and fleshy black cherry aromas. Tastes like Pinot, with a supple texture and cola and black cherry flavors. Why can't more wineries turn out good Pinot at this price?", 'Fruity while also structured, this is a solid wine. It has juicy acidity, ripe red fruit and layers of spicy toasty wood. Drink this wine from 2017. END
START HERE Smells like Pinot, with meaty plum and fleshy black cherry aromas. Tastes like Pinot, with a supple texture and cola and black cherry flavors. Why can't more wineries turn out good Pinot at this price?", 'Fruity while also structured, this is a solid wine. It has juicy acidity, ripe red fruit and layers of spicy toasty wood. Drink this wine from 2017.', 'This is a rich, soft, decadent red, with flavors of dark chocolate, juicy red fruit and a hint of leather. Made from Zinfandel, Syrah, Merlot, Malbec, Petite Sirah and a few other red varieties, this is a wine that will delight many. Stock up. END
START HERE Fruity while also structured, this is a solid wine. It has juicy acidity, ripe red fruit and layers of spicy toasty wood. Drink this wine from 2017.', 'This is a rich, soft, decadent red, with flavors of dark chocolate, juicy red fruit and a hint of leather. Made from Zinfandel, Syrah, Merlot, Malbec, Petite Sirah and a few other red varieties, this is a wine that will delight many. Stock up.', "This wine has a bright, lively texture and tasty, ripe fruit flavors that don't overdo it. A sense of crispness and tanginess will make it versatile for food pairing. END
START HERE This is a rich, soft, decadent red, with flavors of dark chocolate, juicy red fruit and a hint of leather. Made from Zinfandel, Syrah, Merlot, Malbec, Petite Sirah and a few other red varieties, this is a wine that will delight many. Stock up.', "This wine has a bright, lively texture and tasty, ripe fruit flavors that don't overdo it. A sense of crispness and tanginess will make it versatile for food pairing.", 'This is a blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah. Aromas of barrel spice, herb and coffee lead to easy-going vanilla and coffee flavors. Barrel notes are dominant but it brings appeal. END
START HERE This wine has a bright, lively texture and tasty, ripe fruit flavors that don't overdo it. A sense of crispness and tanginess will make it versatile for food pairing.", 'This is a blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah. Aromas of barrel spice, herb and coffee lead to easy-going vanilla and coffee flavors. Barrel notes are dominant but it brings appeal.', 'Pinot Noir is relatively rare in the state. This one offers aromas of strawberry, cherry and peppermint candy that are followed by broad fruit flavors that show the warmth of the region. The tannins provide a touch of astringency. END
START HERE This is a blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah. Aromas of barrel spice, herb and coffee lead to easy-going vanilla and coffee flavors. Barrel notes are dominant but it brings appeal.', 'Pinot Noir is relatively rare in the state. This one offers aromas of strawberry, cherry and peppermint candy that are followed by broad fruit flavors that show the warmth of the region. The tannins provide a touch of astringency.', 'Hints of pungent boxwood mark the nose of this lean, narrowly constructed wine. The flavors are grassier, “rounded out” by tart citrus and green tomato notes. Drink now. END
START HERE Pinot Noir is relatively rare in the state. This one offers aromas of strawberry, cherry and peppermint candy that are followed by broad fruit flavors that show the warmth of the region. The tannins provide a touch of astringency.', 'Hints of pungent boxwood mark the nose of this lean, narrowly constructed wine. The flavors are grassier, “rounded out” by tart citrus and green tomato notes. Drink now.', 'This wine, produced by négociant Rivière in Saint-Émilion, is a fruity, red-berry and black-currant flavored wine. It has tannins as well as a good structure that points up the fruitiness. The wine is ripe, smooth and ready to drink. END
START HERE Hints of pungent boxwood mark the nose of this lean, narrowly constructed wine. The flavors are grassier, “rounded out” by tart citrus and green tomato notes. Drink now.', 'This wine, produced by négociant Rivière in Saint-Émilion, is a fruity, red-berry and black-currant flavored wine. It has tannins as well as a good structure that points up the fruitiness. The wine is ripe, smooth and ready to drink.', 'Fairly sweet and lush—typical of the Dr. Pauly-Bergweiler house style—but the crisp acids of 2010 raise this bottling a notch above where it typically falls. Apple and lime aromas and flavors are impeccably clean, ending on a honeyed citrus note. Drink now. END
START HERE This wine, produced by négociant Rivière in Saint-Émilion, is a fruity, red-berry and black-currant flavored wine. It has tannins as well as a good structure that points up the fruitiness. The wine is ripe, smooth and ready to drink.', 'Fairly sweet and lush—typical of the Dr. Pauly-Bergweiler house style—but the crisp acids of 2010 raise this bottling a notch above where it typically falls. Apple and lime aromas and flavors are impeccably clean, ending on a honeyed citrus note. Drink now.', 'Full-flavoured, almost heady notes of tart strawberry, crunchy red cherry and fresh lemon pervade nose and palate perfectly. This is a real mouthful of flavor, yet light and zippy. A very satisfying, grown-up rosé for countless summer days, lunches, picnics and parties. A real and delicious allrounder. END
START HERE Fairly sweet and lush—typical of the Dr. Pauly-Bergweiler house style—but the crisp acids of 2010 raise this bottling a notch above where it typically falls. Apple and lime aromas and flavors are impeccably clean, ending on a honeyed citrus note. Drink now.', 'Full-flavoured, almost heady notes of tart strawberry, crunchy red cherry and fresh lemon pervade nose and palate perfectly. This is a real mouthful of flavor, yet light and zippy. A very satisfying, grown-up rosé for countless summer days, lunches, picnics and parties. A real and delicious allrounder.', "Citrus and herb aromas set the mouth watering, anticipating a crisp, bracing wine. But this one's surprisingly soft in the mouth, filling out with tropical fruit flavors that could use a bit more zest. END
START HERE Full-flavoured, almost heady notes of tart strawberry, crunchy red cherry and fresh lemon pervade nose and palate perfectly. This is a real mouthful of flavor, yet light and zippy. A very satisfying, grown-up rosé for countless summer days, lunches, picnics and parties. A real and delicious allrounder.', "Citrus and herb aromas set the mouth watering, anticipating a crisp, bracing wine. But this one's surprisingly soft in the mouth, filling out with tropical fruit flavors that could use a bit more zest.", 'Chocolate and bitter coffee show the way this wine has been extracted, leaving a hard edge that currently dominates the red berry fruits. It needs time to soften, so wait until 2017. END
START HERE Citrus and herb aromas set the mouth watering, anticipating a crisp, bracing wine. But this one's surprisingly soft in the mouth, filling out with tropical fruit flavors that could use a bit more zest.", 'Chocolate and bitter coffee show the way this wine has been extracted, leaving a hard edge that currently dominates the red berry fruits. It needs time to soften, so wait until 2017.', 'This is an incredibly young wine with its spice and red-berry fruits right up there and still almost just fruit juice. That means that it has the potential to be an attractive, easy, spicy wine and will need to age. It will be best from 2017. END
START HERE Chocolate and bitter coffee show the way this wine has been extracted, leaving a hard edge that currently dominates the red berry fruits. It needs time to soften, so wait until 2017.', 'This is an incredibly young wine with its spice and red-berry fruits right up there and still almost just fruit juice. That means that it has the potential to be an attractive, easy, spicy wine and will need to age. It will be best from 2017.', 'This is on the soft side for rosés, a warm wine with a sense of Mediterranean herbs and sun. It has light red fruits, spice and great final acidity.  Screwcap. END
START HERE This is an incredibly young wine with its spice and red-berry fruits right up there and still almost just fruit juice. That means that it has the potential to be an attractive, easy, spicy wine and will need to age. It will be best from 2017.', 'This is on the soft side for rosés, a warm wine with a sense of Mediterranean herbs and sun. It has light red fruits, spice and great final acidity.  Screwcap.', 'The tannins are still dominant in this wine. The fruit seems light and crisp while never likely to leave the tannins behind. The acidity shines through more strongly, giving attractive final freshness. END
START HERE This is on the soft side for rosés, a warm wine with a sense of Mediterranean herbs and sun. It has light red fruits, spice and great final acidity.  Screwcap.', 'The tannins are still dominant in this wine. The fruit seems light and crisp while never likely to leave the tannins behind. The acidity shines through more strongly, giving attractive final freshness.', "This is a thin wine with way too much acidity for the fruit. The rest of the wine is dry tannin that could soften into a more juicy character. It's always going to be a light wine. END
START HERE The tannins are still dominant in this wine. The fruit seems light and crisp while never likely to leave the tannins behind. The acidity shines through more strongly, giving attractive final freshness.', "This is a thin wine with way too much acidity for the fruit. The rest of the wine is dry tannin that could soften into a more juicy character. It's always going to be a light wine.", 'Prickly, sweaty aromas include matchstick and herbaceous green-fruit notes. In the mouth, this is chunky yet citrusy. Flavors of grassy citrus trend toward green, while a pithy, citric finish is bitter. END
START HERE This is a thin wine with way too much acidity for the fruit. The rest of the wine is dry tannin that could soften into a more juicy character. It's always going to be a light wine.", 'Prickly, sweaty aromas include matchstick and herbaceous green-fruit notes. In the mouth, this is chunky yet citrusy. Flavors of grassy citrus trend toward green, while a pithy, citric finish is bitter.', 'Rough and rugged is the best way to describe this Malbec. Earthy, woody, rubbery berry aromas lead to a sharp, high-acid palate. Wiry, fiery plum-like flavors stay fierce and pick up heat on the finish. END
START HERE Prickly, sweaty aromas include matchstick and herbaceous green-fruit notes. In the mouth, this is chunky yet citrusy. Flavors of grassy citrus trend toward green, while a pithy, citric finish is bitter.', 'Rough and rugged is the best way to describe this Malbec. Earthy, woody, rubbery berry aromas lead to a sharp, high-acid palate. Wiry, fiery plum-like flavors stay fierce and pick up heat on the finish.', 'Spicy plum and candied oak aromas control the nose. The palate delivers a blend of raw acidity with buttery oak on top, while flavors of herbal plum and pepper are scratchy and finish herbal, spicy and low on fruit. END
START HERE Rough and rugged is the best way to describe this Malbec. Earthy, woody, rubbery berry aromas lead to a sharp, high-acid palate. Wiry, fiery plum-like flavors stay fierce and pick up heat on the finish.', 'Spicy plum and candied oak aromas control the nose. The palate delivers a blend of raw acidity with buttery oak on top, while flavors of herbal plum and pepper are scratchy and finish herbal, spicy and low on fruit.', "Round, melony and driven by aromas of pears and apples, this internationally styled wine should strike a chord among casual Chardonnay quaffers. It's kind of sweet, a little bit fat, and it finishes smooth. True to the blueprint in many ways; think California and this will complete the picture. Imported by Excelsior Wine & Spirits. END
START HERE Spicy plum and candied oak aromas control the nose. The palate delivers a blend of raw acidity with buttery oak on top, while flavors of herbal plum and pepper are scratchy and finish herbal, spicy and low on fruit.', "Round, melony and driven by aromas of pears and apples, this internationally styled wine should strike a chord among casual Chardonnay quaffers. It's kind of sweet, a little bit fat, and it finishes smooth. True to the blueprint in many ways; think California and this will complete the picture. Imported by Excelsior Wine & Spirits.", 'This wine delivers light herb and citrus aromas. The flavors seem washed out, lacking cohesion. It comes off as quite generic. END
START HERE Round, melony and driven by aromas of pears and apples, this internationally styled wine should strike a chord among casual Chardonnay quaffers. It's kind of sweet, a little bit fat, and it finishes smooth. True to the blueprint in many ways; think California and this will complete the picture. Imported by Excelsior Wine & Spirits.", 'This wine delivers light herb and citrus aromas. The flavors seem washed out, lacking cohesion. It comes off as quite generic.', "Mealy apple and orange custard aromas set the stage for this ripe, fleshy white. There's a roundness to the mouthfeel, as those notes continue through to the palate, though the finish offers a pithy citrus astringency that helps to enliven the experience. END
START HERE This wine delivers light herb and citrus aromas. The flavors seem washed out, lacking cohesion. It comes off as quite generic.', "Mealy apple and orange custard aromas set the stage for this ripe, fleshy white. There's a roundness to the mouthfeel, as those notes continue through to the palate, though the finish offers a pithy citrus astringency that helps to enliven the experience.", "You almost need to lean into the glass to perceive this wine's faint citrus, candlewax and herb aromas, which show some reduction. It's equally subtle on the palate and lacks concentration. END
START HERE Mealy apple and orange custard aromas set the stage for this ripe, fleshy white. There's a roundness to the mouthfeel, as those notes continue through to the palate, though the finish offers a pithy citrus astringency that helps to enliven the experience.", "You almost need to lean into the glass to perceive this wine's faint citrus, candlewax and herb aromas, which show some reduction. It's equally subtle on the palate and lacks concentration.", 'This juicy wine has red berry flavors and a sense of structure. Smoky with a firm tannic aftertaste, it has weight and a dark, dense aftertaste. END
START HERE You almost need to lean into the glass to perceive this wine's faint citrus, candlewax and herb aromas, which show some reduction. It's equally subtle on the palate and lacks concentration.", 'This juicy wine has red berry flavors and a sense of structure. Smoky with a firm tannic aftertaste, it has weight and a dark, dense aftertaste.', 'A soft, rather soapy wine, it displays light fruits and gentle tannins. It is unfocused, with just some juicy aftertaste to give some interest. END
START HERE This juicy wine has red berry flavors and a sense of structure. Smoky with a firm tannic aftertaste, it has weight and a dark, dense aftertaste.', 'A soft, rather soapy wine, it displays light fruits and gentle tannins. It is unfocused, with just some juicy aftertaste to give some interest.', "This 50-50 blend of Grenache and Syrah has yielded a medium-bodied, pale coppery rosé. It's dry and refreshing, hinting at red currants, pink grapefruit and melon. Drink now. END
START HERE A soft, rather soapy wine, it displays light fruits and gentle tannins. It is unfocused, with just some juicy aftertaste to give some interest.', "This 50-50 blend of Grenache and Syrah has yielded a medium-bodied, pale coppery rosé. It's dry and refreshing, hinting at red currants, pink grapefruit and melon. Drink now.", "Dry, silky and brisk in acidity, this is a varietally correct Pinot Noir. It's not overly rich, but has plenty of cherry and oak to get by at this price. END
START HERE This 50-50 blend of Grenache and Syrah has yielded a medium-bodied, pale coppery rosé. It's dry and refreshing, hinting at red currants, pink grapefruit and melon. Drink now.", "Dry, silky and brisk in acidity, this is a varietally correct Pinot Noir. It's not overly rich, but has plenty of cherry and oak to get by at this price.", "Minty, roasted berry aromas open this well-built Cabernet that's packed with plum, raspberry and wood-spice flavors. There's nothing complicated about this lively, oaky wine that runs long on the finish. END
START HERE Dry, silky and brisk in acidity, this is a varietally correct Pinot Noir. It's not overly rich, but has plenty of cherry and oak to get by at this price.", "Minty, roasted berry aromas open this well-built Cabernet that's packed with plum, raspberry and wood-spice flavors. There's nothing complicated about this lively, oaky wine that runs long on the finish.", 'Starts off with a hint of vinyl on the nose, layered atop sour cherry and vanilla flavors. The slightly syrupy texture is offset by tangy acids on the finish. Imported by Walca International. END
START HERE Minty, roasted berry aromas open this well-built Cabernet that's packed with plum, raspberry and wood-spice flavors. There's nothing complicated about this lively, oaky wine that runs long on the finish.", 'Starts off with a hint of vinyl on the nose, layered atop sour cherry and vanilla flavors. The slightly syrupy texture is offset by tangy acids on the finish. Imported by Walca International.', 'Pristine honeydew, apricot and yellow peach notes entice on the nose. Pleasantly off-dry in style, the palate is lush and tropical, bursting with melon and mango flavors. A tight frame of acidity lends vibrance and edge. Drink now through 2020. END
START HERE Starts off with a hint of vinyl on the nose, layered atop sour cherry and vanilla flavors. The slightly syrupy texture is offset by tangy acids on the finish. Imported by Walca International.', 'Pristine honeydew, apricot and yellow peach notes entice on the nose. Pleasantly off-dry in style, the palate is lush and tropical, bursting with melon and mango flavors. A tight frame of acidity lends vibrance and edge. Drink now through 2020.', 'An attractively simple, fruity Pinot Noir. It has ripe wild strawberry and red plum flavors, spiced with a gamy edge. The wine has a light structure, and is not for aging. END
START HERE Pristine honeydew, apricot and yellow peach notes entice on the nose. Pleasantly off-dry in style, the palate is lush and tropical, bursting with melon and mango flavors. A tight frame of acidity lends vibrance and edge. Drink now through 2020.', 'An attractively simple, fruity Pinot Noir. It has ripe wild strawberry and red plum flavors, spiced with a gamy edge. The wine has a light structure, and is not for aging.', "Odd notes of Pez candy and confectioner's sugar open this new entry from Southeast Australia. With a watery palate and an almost nonexistent finish, the wine does not make as much of an impression as the catchy name. END
START HERE An attractively simple, fruity Pinot Noir. It has ripe wild strawberry and red plum flavors, spiced with a gamy edge. The wine has a light structure, and is not for aging.', "Odd notes of Pez candy and confectioner's sugar open this new entry from Southeast Australia. With a watery palate and an almost nonexistent finish, the wine does not make as much of an impression as the catchy name.", "This wine earns every penny of its modest price tag with a bright palate of petrol, talcum powder and wet stones propping up aromas of white flowers, cumin and lime. The finish could be longer but with this stunning nose and palate, we're not complaining. Drink now. END
START HERE Odd notes of Pez candy and confectioner's sugar open this new entry from Southeast Australia. With a watery palate and an almost nonexistent finish, the wine does not make as much of an impression as the catchy name.", "This wine earns every penny of its modest price tag with a bright palate of petrol, talcum powder and wet stones propping up aromas of white flowers, cumin and lime. The finish could be longer but with this stunning nose and palate, we're not complaining. Drink now.", "Made in the familiar style that is K-J Vintner's Reserve, this Chardonnay shows pineapple, lemondrop, mineral and spice flavors balanced with crisp coastal acidity. END
START HERE This wine earns every penny of its modest price tag with a bright palate of petrol, talcum powder and wet stones propping up aromas of white flowers, cumin and lime. The finish could be longer but with this stunning nose and palate, we're not complaining. Drink now.", "Made in the familiar style that is K-J Vintner's Reserve, this Chardonnay shows pineapple, lemondrop, mineral and spice flavors balanced with crisp coastal acidity.", "Obvio means obvious in Spanish, and this is an obvious yet fairly good Malbec. There's some ground spice, cinnamon and a little bretty cheese to the nose, but the palate is solid, and the berry and cherry flavors are correct for the variety. Best by the glass or in casual settings. END
START HERE Made in the familiar style that is K-J Vintner's Reserve, this Chardonnay shows pineapple, lemondrop, mineral and spice flavors balanced with crisp coastal acidity.", "Obvio means obvious in Spanish, and this is an obvious yet fairly good Malbec. There's some ground spice, cinnamon and a little bretty cheese to the nose, but the palate is solid, and the berry and cherry flavors are correct for the variety. Best by the glass or in casual settings.", "Now that TerraNoble is getting its Syrah from warm Colchagua, the end product is dark, roasted and statuesque. There's a lot of beef and structure to this affordable Syrah, and the flavors of plum, blackened toast and tea are manly to say the least. Finishes with a lot of roasted oomph, including spice, espresso and mint chip flavors. END
START HERE Obvio means obvious in Spanish, and this is an obvious yet fairly good Malbec. There's some ground spice, cinnamon and a little bretty cheese to the nose, but the palate is solid, and the berry and cherry flavors are correct for the variety. Best by the glass or in casual settings.", "Now that TerraNoble is getting its Syrah from warm Colchagua, the end product is dark, roasted and statuesque. There's a lot of beef and structure to this affordable Syrah, and the flavors of plum, blackened toast and tea are manly to say the least. Finishes with a lot of roasted oomph, including spice, espresso and mint chip flavors.", "Acidity marks this mouth watering wine. It's crisp and tart, providing balance to the slightly sweet flavors of pineapple and apricot jam. Good price for a Sauvignon Blanc of this popular style. END
START HERE Now that TerraNoble is getting its Syrah from warm Colchagua, the end product is dark, roasted and statuesque. There's a lot of beef and structure to this affordable Syrah, and the flavors of plum, blackened toast and tea are manly to say the least. Finishes with a lot of roasted oomph, including spice, espresso and mint chip flavors.", "Acidity marks this mouth watering wine. It's crisp and tart, providing balance to the slightly sweet flavors of pineapple and apricot jam. Good price for a Sauvignon Blanc of this popular style.", 'Light, lemony aromas come with a hint of buttercup. The palate is basic, wet and juicy, with average citrus and apple flavors. Finishes solid and mostly fresh, with generic sweet apple and melon notes along with some weight. END
START HERE Acidity marks this mouth watering wine. It's crisp and tart, providing balance to the slightly sweet flavors of pineapple and apricot jam. Good price for a Sauvignon Blanc of this popular style.", 'Light, lemony aromas come with a hint of buttercup. The palate is basic, wet and juicy, with average citrus and apple flavors. Finishes solid and mostly fresh, with generic sweet apple and melon notes along with some weight.', 'Vibrant and lively with forward notes of fresh red berries and pink florals along with a touch of watermelon rind and soft sandalwood. Juicy and clean in the mouth with a crisp, mouthwatering finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Light, lemony aromas come with a hint of buttercup. The palate is basic, wet and juicy, with average citrus and apple flavors. Finishes solid and mostly fresh, with generic sweet apple and melon notes along with some weight.', 'Vibrant and lively with forward notes of fresh red berries and pink florals along with a touch of watermelon rind and soft sandalwood. Juicy and clean in the mouth with a crisp, mouthwatering finish. Drink now.', "Good price for a deliciously drinkable Pinot Noir. It's silky and a little sweet in raspberries, brown sugar and bacon flavors. Easy to drink and at this price, it can be your house Pinot. END
START HERE Vibrant and lively with forward notes of fresh red berries and pink florals along with a touch of watermelon rind and soft sandalwood. Juicy and clean in the mouth with a crisp, mouthwatering finish. Drink now.', "Good price for a deliciously drinkable Pinot Noir. It's silky and a little sweet in raspberries, brown sugar and bacon flavors. Easy to drink and at this price, it can be your house Pinot.", "This organically farmed Cabernet Sauvignon shows a thin, compact ruby color and moderate aromas of cherry, rose and spice. The wine is clean and fresh, but it's not particularly long lasting or rich. END
START HERE Good price for a deliciously drinkable Pinot Noir. It's silky and a little sweet in raspberries, brown sugar and bacon flavors. Easy to drink and at this price, it can be your house Pinot.", "This organically farmed Cabernet Sauvignon shows a thin, compact ruby color and moderate aromas of cherry, rose and spice. The wine is clean and fresh, but it's not particularly long lasting or rich.", 'Aromas of roasted but slightly weedy berry fruits, road tar and latex precede a raw shallow pulling palate. This Malbec tastes of salty and savory black plums, tomatoes and herbs. On the finish, this delivers mostly spaghetti-sauce flavors. END
START HERE This organically farmed Cabernet Sauvignon shows a thin, compact ruby color and moderate aromas of cherry, rose and spice. The wine is clean and fresh, but it's not particularly long lasting or rich.", 'Aromas of roasted but slightly weedy berry fruits, road tar and latex precede a raw shallow pulling palate. This Malbec tastes of salty and savory black plums, tomatoes and herbs. On the finish, this delivers mostly spaghetti-sauce flavors.', "Soft, spicy and jammy, this is rich in clove and big-hearted blackberry fruit. Easy to like and pleasantly affordable, it'll pour well for parties and other occasions where a bold, crowd-pleasing red wine is in order. END
START HERE Aromas of roasted but slightly weedy berry fruits, road tar and latex precede a raw shallow pulling palate. This Malbec tastes of salty and savory black plums, tomatoes and herbs. On the finish, this delivers mostly spaghetti-sauce flavors.', "Soft, spicy and jammy, this is rich in clove and big-hearted blackberry fruit. Easy to like and pleasantly affordable, it'll pour well for parties and other occasions where a bold, crowd-pleasing red wine is in order.", "There's great vibrancy on the nose of this wine, with bright scents of ripe nectarine and pineapple core, framed by a floral accent reminiscent of rose water. The mouthfeel is light and accessible, with yellow apple and lime rind flavors. Drink now. END
START HERE Soft, spicy and jammy, this is rich in clove and big-hearted blackberry fruit. Easy to like and pleasantly affordable, it'll pour well for parties and other occasions where a bold, crowd-pleasing red wine is in order.", "There's great vibrancy on the nose of this wine, with bright scents of ripe nectarine and pineapple core, framed by a floral accent reminiscent of rose water. The mouthfeel is light and accessible, with yellow apple and lime rind flavors. Drink now.", 'A nose of cut herbs and just-mown grass backed by notes of white peach barely prepares the taste buds for full-on citrus flavors of lemon, grapefruit and orange peel. It is bright and zesty on the palate, and the finish offers an unexpected but pleasant jolt of eucalyptus. END
START HERE There's great vibrancy on the nose of this wine, with bright scents of ripe nectarine and pineapple core, framed by a floral accent reminiscent of rose water. The mouthfeel is light and accessible, with yellow apple and lime rind flavors. Drink now.", 'A nose of cut herbs and just-mown grass backed by notes of white peach barely prepares the taste buds for full-on citrus flavors of lemon, grapefruit and orange peel. It is bright and zesty on the palate, and the finish offers an unexpected but pleasant jolt of eucalyptus.', "Another wine from Portal del Alto that's just on the cusp of drinkability. Potent butterscotch and cream aromas don't seem authentic. Resiny flavors mask the fruit, and it finishes flat. END
START HERE A nose of cut herbs and just-mown grass backed by notes of white peach barely prepares the taste buds for full-on citrus flavors of lemon, grapefruit and orange peel. It is bright and zesty on the palate, and the finish offers an unexpected but pleasant jolt of eucalyptus.', "Another wine from Portal del Alto that's just on the cusp of drinkability. Potent butterscotch and cream aromas don't seem authentic. Resiny flavors mask the fruit, and it finishes flat.", 'This fits squarely into the mold of value wine from Jumilla. It is dark and crusty on the nose, with rich plum and blackberry flavors. The structure is solid but soft, with chocolate and savory flavors carrying the finish. A very healthy and appealing blend of 60% Monastrell with 20% each of Tempranillo and Syrah. END
START HERE Another wine from Portal del Alto that's just on the cusp of drinkability. Potent butterscotch and cream aromas don't seem authentic. Resiny flavors mask the fruit, and it finishes flat.", 'This fits squarely into the mold of value wine from Jumilla. It is dark and crusty on the nose, with rich plum and blackberry flavors. The structure is solid but soft, with chocolate and savory flavors carrying the finish. A very healthy and appealing blend of 60% Monastrell with 20% each of Tempranillo and Syrah.', "Tropical more than green and pungent, this fragrant wine offers powdery, sweet notes and stronger coastal ones. It's lean and angular in feel, with oceanic flavors of nettle, tangerine and lemon. A light green flavor and a chalky feel make up the finish. END
START HERE This fits squarely into the mold of value wine from Jumilla. It is dark and crusty on the nose, with rich plum and blackberry flavors. The structure is solid but soft, with chocolate and savory flavors carrying the finish. A very healthy and appealing blend of 60% Monastrell with 20% each of Tempranillo and Syrah.', "Tropical more than green and pungent, this fragrant wine offers powdery, sweet notes and stronger coastal ones. It's lean and angular in feel, with oceanic flavors of nettle, tangerine and lemon. A light green flavor and a chalky feel make up the finish.", 'This wine has attractive butter, ripe apple and pear aromas, and is nice and fruity in style. An almost-sweet sensation rounds out the texture, and tasty accents of baking spices and vanilla keep coming with each sip. END
START HERE Tropical more than green and pungent, this fragrant wine offers powdery, sweet notes and stronger coastal ones. It's lean and angular in feel, with oceanic flavors of nettle, tangerine and lemon. A light green flavor and a chalky feel make up the finish.", 'This wine has attractive butter, ripe apple and pear aromas, and is nice and fruity in style. An almost-sweet sensation rounds out the texture, and tasty accents of baking spices and vanilla keep coming with each sip.', 'A mix of blueberry, plum and animal aromas leads to a wiry, clipped palate fueled by tartaric acid. Lightly salted plum flavors are slightly jammy, while a blueberry note is brought back on the finish. END
START HERE This wine has attractive butter, ripe apple and pear aromas, and is nice and fruity in style. An almost-sweet sensation rounds out the texture, and tasty accents of baking spices and vanilla keep coming with each sip.', 'A mix of blueberry, plum and animal aromas leads to a wiry, clipped palate fueled by tartaric acid. Lightly salted plum flavors are slightly jammy, while a blueberry note is brought back on the finish.', 'Leathery plum and berry aromas are also jammy and floral on this full and round wine. Roasted berry flavors come with a bacon-like note, delivering similar flavors on the finish. END
START HERE A mix of blueberry, plum and animal aromas leads to a wiry, clipped palate fueled by tartaric acid. Lightly salted plum flavors are slightly jammy, while a blueberry note is brought back on the finish.', 'Leathery plum and berry aromas are also jammy and floral on this full and round wine. Roasted berry flavors come with a bacon-like note, delivering similar flavors on the finish.', 'A lovely Sauvignon Blanc whose crisp acidity cleanses the palate, and whose dry finish leaves it stimulated, not cloyed. Shows subtle, tart lemon and lime flavors, with a minerally tang. A super bargain. END
START HERE Leathery plum and berry aromas are also jammy and floral on this full and round wine. Roasted berry flavors come with a bacon-like note, delivering similar flavors on the finish.', 'A lovely Sauvignon Blanc whose crisp acidity cleanses the palate, and whose dry finish leaves it stimulated, not cloyed. Shows subtle, tart lemon and lime flavors, with a minerally tang. A super bargain.', 'Weak aromas of peach pit and tropical fruit are none too exciting, while the palate is dilute and carries flavors of orange and lime. Too narrow to warrant a recommendation, with barely any concentration. END
START HERE A lovely Sauvignon Blanc whose crisp acidity cleanses the palate, and whose dry finish leaves it stimulated, not cloyed. Shows subtle, tart lemon and lime flavors, with a minerally tang. A super bargain.', 'Weak aromas of peach pit and tropical fruit are none too exciting, while the palate is dilute and carries flavors of orange and lime. Too narrow to warrant a recommendation, with barely any concentration.', 'Dry, spicy, crisp aromas of cool-climate red fruits come with a mild covering of sweet oak. This is a touch resiny on the palate, with woody, spicy flavors of plum and raspberry. An oaky, lightly herbal finish is juicy in feel. END
START HERE Weak aromas of peach pit and tropical fruit are none too exciting, while the palate is dilute and carries flavors of orange and lime. Too narrow to warrant a recommendation, with barely any concentration.', 'Dry, spicy, crisp aromas of cool-climate red fruits come with a mild covering of sweet oak. This is a touch resiny on the palate, with woody, spicy flavors of plum and raspberry. An oaky, lightly herbal finish is juicy in feel.', 'Full and fruity, this is already a delicious wine. A note of tangy citrus enlivens the apple and pear flavors. This has weight and an intense texture, with warm acidity and a touch of spice on the finish. END
START HERE Dry, spicy, crisp aromas of cool-climate red fruits come with a mild covering of sweet oak. This is a touch resiny on the palate, with woody, spicy flavors of plum and raspberry. An oaky, lightly herbal finish is juicy in feel.', 'Full and fruity, this is already a delicious wine. A note of tangy citrus enlivens the apple and pear flavors. This has weight and an intense texture, with warm acidity and a touch of spice on the finish.', 'A grassy style, with hints of fig and melon around the edges. Bright and lemony on the finish. —J.M. END
START HERE Full and fruity, this is already a delicious wine. A note of tangy citrus enlivens the apple and pear flavors. This has weight and an intense texture, with warm acidity and a touch of spice on the finish.', 'A grassy style, with hints of fig and melon around the edges. Bright and lemony on the finish. —J.M.', "No visible vintage date on the bottle, but the winery says it's a 2001. Tart and lemony, with crisp acids, it tends toward bland, with simple, green apple fruit. END
START HERE A grassy style, with hints of fig and melon around the edges. Bright and lemony on the finish. —J.M.', "No visible vintage date on the bottle, but the winery says it's a 2001. Tart and lemony, with crisp acids, it tends toward bland, with simple, green apple fruit.", 'Crisp, direct aromas of cherry and briar define the nose on this herbal Merlot. A zesty palate is driven by snappy acidity, while herbal flavors of raspberry and spice finish with a raw feel and controlled green notes. END
START HERE No visible vintage date on the bottle, but the winery says it's a 2001. Tart and lemony, with crisp acids, it tends toward bland, with simple, green apple fruit.", 'Crisp, direct aromas of cherry and briar define the nose on this herbal Merlot. A zesty palate is driven by snappy acidity, while herbal flavors of raspberry and spice finish with a raw feel and controlled green notes.', 'Light and fresh, this carries just a vague hint of barrel toast, but essentially it was done all in stainless. The fruit is clean and pretty, lightly candied, lightly tropical, with notes of sweet cracker, brisk acid, sweet grass and sweet herb. It gathers strength in the finish and holds on nicely. END
START HERE Crisp, direct aromas of cherry and briar define the nose on this herbal Merlot. A zesty palate is driven by snappy acidity, while herbal flavors of raspberry and spice finish with a raw feel and controlled green notes.', 'Light and fresh, this carries just a vague hint of barrel toast, but essentially it was done all in stainless. The fruit is clean and pretty, lightly candied, lightly tropical, with notes of sweet cracker, brisk acid, sweet grass and sweet herb. It gathers strength in the finish and holds on nicely.', 'Earthy, rustic aromas of tree bark and herbal berry fruits set up a fresh, fairly aggressive palate. Simple berry flavors are backed by chocolate and oaky char, while the finish is peppery and feels a bit hot. END
START HERE Light and fresh, this carries just a vague hint of barrel toast, but essentially it was done all in stainless. The fruit is clean and pretty, lightly candied, lightly tropical, with notes of sweet cracker, brisk acid, sweet grass and sweet herb. It gathers strength in the finish and holds on nicely.', 'Earthy, rustic aromas of tree bark and herbal berry fruits set up a fresh, fairly aggressive palate. Simple berry flavors are backed by chocolate and oaky char, while the finish is peppery and feels a bit hot.', 'The Cinsault that dominates this blend creates a light and gently fruity wine. It has attractive acidity and just the lightest of red-fruit flavors. The aftertaste is soft and tangy with orange zest. END
START HERE Earthy, rustic aromas of tree bark and herbal berry fruits set up a fresh, fairly aggressive palate. Simple berry flavors are backed by chocolate and oaky char, while the finish is peppery and feels a bit hot.', 'The Cinsault that dominates this blend creates a light and gently fruity wine. It has attractive acidity and just the lightest of red-fruit flavors. The aftertaste is soft and tangy with orange zest.', 'There is an interesting mix of grapes here —with Cabernet Sauvignon with Bordeaux origins blended with the local Négrette and with the Syrah more commonly found in the Rhône. Such is the eclectic nature of Southwest France vineyards. The wine itself is mature, soft and fruity, with light tannins and a perfumed edge. The red-plum fruits are juicy, ripe and with an attractive balance of acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE The Cinsault that dominates this blend creates a light and gently fruity wine. It has attractive acidity and just the lightest of red-fruit flavors. The aftertaste is soft and tangy with orange zest.', 'There is an interesting mix of grapes here —with Cabernet Sauvignon with Bordeaux origins blended with the local Négrette and with the Syrah more commonly found in the Rhône. Such is the eclectic nature of Southwest France vineyards. The wine itself is mature, soft and fruity, with light tannins and a perfumed edge. The red-plum fruits are juicy, ripe and with an attractive balance of acidity. Drink now.', "Good but common as Chilean Cabs go. It's a jumbled mass of bulky fruit, raw power, sweet oak and spice. The mouthfeel is tannic, grabby and big, while the flavors of black cherry and raspberry are nice but generic. Finishes with spice and a hint of hickory. 20,000 cases produced. END
START HERE There is an interesting mix of grapes here —with Cabernet Sauvignon with Bordeaux origins blended with the local Négrette and with the Syrah more commonly found in the Rhône. Such is the eclectic nature of Southwest France vineyards. The wine itself is mature, soft and fruity, with light tannins and a perfumed edge. The red-plum fruits are juicy, ripe and with an attractive balance of acidity. Drink now.', "Good but common as Chilean Cabs go. It's a jumbled mass of bulky fruit, raw power, sweet oak and spice. The mouthfeel is tannic, grabby and big, while the flavors of black cherry and raspberry are nice but generic. Finishes with spice and a hint of hickory. 20,000 cases produced.", 'Very young, dominated by its bitter tannins, then with tight blackberry fruits. It is like a coiled runner, waiting to sprint, its freshness promising a good development. It certainly needs time. END
START HERE Good but common as Chilean Cabs go. It's a jumbled mass of bulky fruit, raw power, sweet oak and spice. The mouthfeel is tannic, grabby and big, while the flavors of black cherry and raspberry are nice but generic. Finishes with spice and a hint of hickory. 20,000 cases produced.", 'Very young, dominated by its bitter tannins, then with tight blackberry fruits. It is like a coiled runner, waiting to sprint, its freshness promising a good development. It certainly needs time.', 'Already showing some maturity, this is a finely perfumed wine, its fruitiness tempered by secondary aromas and flavors that bring out herbs and an edge of steel. The aftertaste with its juicy acidity, is totally refreshing. END
START HERE Very young, dominated by its bitter tannins, then with tight blackberry fruits. It is like a coiled runner, waiting to sprint, its freshness promising a good development. It certainly needs time.', 'Already showing some maturity, this is a finely perfumed wine, its fruitiness tempered by secondary aromas and flavors that bring out herbs and an edge of steel. The aftertaste with its juicy acidity, is totally refreshing.', 'Lavishly oaked, the fruit here struggles to make itself acknowledged, and when it does it is light plum-cranberry in aroma and flavor. Quite dry on the palate, the wine finishes tart with woody tannins. END
START HERE Already showing some maturity, this is a finely perfumed wine, its fruitiness tempered by secondary aromas and flavors that bring out herbs and an edge of steel. The aftertaste with its juicy acidity, is totally refreshing.', 'Lavishly oaked, the fruit here struggles to make itself acknowledged, and when it does it is light plum-cranberry in aroma and flavor. Quite dry on the palate, the wine finishes tart with woody tannins.', 'This wine is a delightful nod to Old World styling. The nose of dry leather, humidor, and earth carries to the palate with additional notes of dried herbs, plum and apple skins. The light weight balance should give this wide appeal. END
START HERE Lavishly oaked, the fruit here struggles to make itself acknowledged, and when it does it is light plum-cranberry in aroma and flavor. Quite dry on the palate, the wine finishes tart with woody tannins.', 'This wine is a delightful nod to Old World styling. The nose of dry leather, humidor, and earth carries to the palate with additional notes of dried herbs, plum and apple skins. The light weight balance should give this wide appeal.', "A totally refreshing blend of citrus, apple, peach and pear flavors, all couched in bright textured acidity. The wine makes a fine aperitif as well as a mealtime beverage. Off dry, but hardly sweet, it's crisp and fresh to the end. END
START HERE This wine is a delightful nod to Old World styling. The nose of dry leather, humidor, and earth carries to the palate with additional notes of dried herbs, plum and apple skins. The light weight balance should give this wide appeal.', "A totally refreshing blend of citrus, apple, peach and pear flavors, all couched in bright textured acidity. The wine makes a fine aperitif as well as a mealtime beverage. Off dry, but hardly sweet, it's crisp and fresh to the end.", "The bouquet resembles fresh apple cider. There's more apple and the addition of citrus on the palate, while the finish is ripe, fruity and soft. More chunky than upright. END
START HERE A totally refreshing blend of citrus, apple, peach and pear flavors, all couched in bright textured acidity. The wine makes a fine aperitif as well as a mealtime beverage. Off dry, but hardly sweet, it's crisp and fresh to the end.", "The bouquet resembles fresh apple cider. There's more apple and the addition of citrus on the palate, while the finish is ripe, fruity and soft. More chunky than upright.", 'This is a soft and fruity wine. It has gentle acidity and a ripe blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Cabernet Franc. The wine, with its strawberry flavor, is immediately attractive. Drink now. END
START HERE The bouquet resembles fresh apple cider. There's more apple and the addition of citrus on the palate, while the finish is ripe, fruity and soft. More chunky than upright.", 'This is a soft and fruity wine. It has gentle acidity and a ripe blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Cabernet Franc. The wine, with its strawberry flavor, is immediately attractive. Drink now.', "With soft tannins, this wine has a full, fleshy character that's laced with acidity. Black currant fruits and only hints of dryness suggest it is ready to drink. END
START HERE This is a soft and fruity wine. It has gentle acidity and a ripe blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Cabernet Franc. The wine, with its strawberry flavor, is immediately attractive. Drink now.', "With soft tannins, this wine has a full, fleshy character that's laced with acidity. Black currant fruits and only hints of dryness suggest it is ready to drink.", 'A pleasing, well-crafted Riesling in a lighter, elegant mode, this brings a delicate stone-fruit flavor into a mix of mineral and breakfast tea highlights. The moderate alcohol makes it an ideal summer sipper. END
START HERE With soft tannins, this wine has a full, fleshy character that's laced with acidity. Black currant fruits and only hints of dryness suggest it is ready to drink.", 'A pleasing, well-crafted Riesling in a lighter, elegant mode, this brings a delicate stone-fruit flavor into a mix of mineral and breakfast tea highlights. The moderate alcohol makes it an ideal summer sipper.', 'Bright, vivid flavors like black cherry and cranberry make this wine taste fresh and alive. Medium body and a somewhat tart but polished texture balance it out. END
START HERE A pleasing, well-crafted Riesling in a lighter, elegant mode, this brings a delicate stone-fruit flavor into a mix of mineral and breakfast tea highlights. The moderate alcohol makes it an ideal summer sipper.', 'Bright, vivid flavors like black cherry and cranberry make this wine taste fresh and alive. Medium body and a somewhat tart but polished texture balance it out.', "Scents of summer honeydew and white peach introduce this forward, fruity Riesling. It's straightforward, juicy goodness offers loads of sweet grapefruit, apricot and kiwi flavors without excess complication. High-pitched acidity tightens up the finish. END
START HERE Bright, vivid flavors like black cherry and cranberry make this wine taste fresh and alive. Medium body and a somewhat tart but polished texture balance it out.', "Scents of summer honeydew and white peach introduce this forward, fruity Riesling. It's straightforward, juicy goodness offers loads of sweet grapefruit, apricot and kiwi flavors without excess complication. High-pitched acidity tightens up the finish.", 'Round and lush, with boldly oaky notes of caramelized nuts and vanilla accenting tropical fruit. Drink now. END
START HERE Scents of summer honeydew and white peach introduce this forward, fruity Riesling. It's straightforward, juicy goodness offers loads of sweet grapefruit, apricot and kiwi flavors without excess complication. High-pitched acidity tightens up the finish.", 'Round and lush, with boldly oaky notes of caramelized nuts and vanilla accenting tropical fruit. Drink now.', "A strange orange-pink color for a wine that is somewhere between fruity and sweet and acid and bitter. This one hasn't found a balance. END
START HERE Round and lush, with boldly oaky notes of caramelized nuts and vanilla accenting tropical fruit. Drink now.', "A strange orange-pink color for a wine that is somewhere between fruity and sweet and acid and bitter. This one hasn't found a balance.", 'A bit too vegetal, balancing asparagus notes with just enough grapefruit flavors to keep a modicum of balance. Tart on the finish. END
START HERE A strange orange-pink color for a wine that is somewhere between fruity and sweet and acid and bitter. This one hasn't found a balance.", 'A bit too vegetal, balancing asparagus notes with just enough grapefruit flavors to keep a modicum of balance. Tart on the finish.', 'This unassuming red mixes six grapes together, with Tempranillo and Sangiovese comprising almost two-thirds of the blend. Nicely spicy and balanced, it has enough substance for the transition from late summer to early fall meals, and could carry into November-centric holiday meals as well. END
START HERE A bit too vegetal, balancing asparagus notes with just enough grapefruit flavors to keep a modicum of balance. Tart on the finish.', 'This unassuming red mixes six grapes together, with Tempranillo and Sangiovese comprising almost two-thirds of the blend. Nicely spicy and balanced, it has enough substance for the transition from late summer to early fall meals, and could carry into November-centric holiday meals as well.', 'Made from Malbec, this is a ripe, tangy wine. It is dry and fresh, crisp with acidity and red currant fruits. There is a round, smooth aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE This unassuming red mixes six grapes together, with Tempranillo and Sangiovese comprising almost two-thirds of the blend. Nicely spicy and balanced, it has enough substance for the transition from late summer to early fall meals, and could carry into November-centric holiday meals as well.', 'Made from Malbec, this is a ripe, tangy wine. It is dry and fresh, crisp with acidity and red currant fruits. There is a round, smooth aftertaste. Drink now.', "This wine shows potent smoky aromas and big flavors that are almost more like grilled meat than fruit. It's made in an oaky, bold and obvious style with a firm, tannic texture. END
START HERE Made from Malbec, this is a ripe, tangy wine. It is dry and fresh, crisp with acidity and red currant fruits. There is a round, smooth aftertaste. Drink now.', "This wine shows potent smoky aromas and big flavors that are almost more like grilled meat than fruit. It's made in an oaky, bold and obvious style with a firm, tannic texture.", 'This brand reliably produces varietally correct, down-the-middle wines, and this is no exception, starting with aromas of Anjou pear, underripe honeydew, tight white-flower buds and freshly cut key lime. The ripe stone-fruit flavors on the sip are cut by citrus and wet cement, offering all the elements to please many a Sauv Blanc fan. END
START HERE This wine shows potent smoky aromas and big flavors that are almost more like grilled meat than fruit. It's made in an oaky, bold and obvious style with a firm, tannic texture.", 'This brand reliably produces varietally correct, down-the-middle wines, and this is no exception, starting with aromas of Anjou pear, underripe honeydew, tight white-flower buds and freshly cut key lime. The ripe stone-fruit flavors on the sip are cut by citrus and wet cement, offering all the elements to please many a Sauv Blanc fan.', 'Aromas of citrus, tropical fruit and herb lead to just off-dry flavors with a lightly creamy feel. END
START HERE This brand reliably produces varietally correct, down-the-middle wines, and this is no exception, starting with aromas of Anjou pear, underripe honeydew, tight white-flower buds and freshly cut key lime. The ripe stone-fruit flavors on the sip are cut by citrus and wet cement, offering all the elements to please many a Sauv Blanc fan.', 'Aromas of citrus, tropical fruit and herb lead to just off-dry flavors with a lightly creamy feel.', 'This dark purple wine expresses the bold blackberry flavors of Malbec. It has ripe fruit, soft tannins and a generous richness. The aftertaste adds some freshness. Drink from the end of 2016. END
START HERE Aromas of citrus, tropical fruit and herb lead to just off-dry flavors with a lightly creamy feel.', 'This dark purple wine expresses the bold blackberry flavors of Malbec. It has ripe fruit, soft tannins and a generous richness. The aftertaste adds some freshness. Drink from the end of 2016.', 'The wine, of course, is young and needs to age in order to bring out its ripe, smooth fruit. In spite of its fruitiness, it is bright and poised, although there is an odd edge of candied fruits here as well. The wine should be drunk from the end of 2016. END
START HERE This dark purple wine expresses the bold blackberry flavors of Malbec. It has ripe fruit, soft tannins and a generous richness. The aftertaste adds some freshness. Drink from the end of 2016.', 'The wine, of course, is young and needs to age in order to bring out its ripe, smooth fruit. In spite of its fruitiness, it is bright and poised, although there is an odd edge of candied fruits here as well. The wine should be drunk from the end of 2016.', 'This wine is fresh, crisp and still young. Crisp acidity dominates the strongly citrus character and gives a tight aftertaste of lime and pink grapefruit. This 100% Sauvignon Blanc was aged on the lees for six months to enhance aroma. Wait to drink until early 2016. END
START HERE The wine, of course, is young and needs to age in order to bring out its ripe, smooth fruit. In spite of its fruitiness, it is bright and poised, although there is an odd edge of candied fruits here as well. The wine should be drunk from the end of 2016.', 'This wine is fresh, crisp and still young. Crisp acidity dominates the strongly citrus character and gives a tight aftertaste of lime and pink grapefruit. This 100% Sauvignon Blanc was aged on the lees for six months to enhance aroma. Wait to drink until early 2016.', 'A soft wine, with some light wood aging while the fruit gives black currant stalkiness, dry tannins and fresh, juicy, smoky acidity. The wine needs no aging, but could develop for 2–3 years. END
START HERE This wine is fresh, crisp and still young. Crisp acidity dominates the strongly citrus character and gives a tight aftertaste of lime and pink grapefruit. This 100% Sauvignon Blanc was aged on the lees for six months to enhance aroma. Wait to drink until early 2016.', 'A soft wine, with some light wood aging while the fruit gives black currant stalkiness, dry tannins and fresh, juicy, smoky acidity. The wine needs no aging, but could develop for 2–3 years.', 'Spicy wood thrusts this wine forward. It does have enough weight of blackberry fruit to compensate. END
START HERE A soft wine, with some light wood aging while the fruit gives black currant stalkiness, dry tannins and fresh, juicy, smoky acidity. The wine needs no aging, but could develop for 2–3 years.', 'Spicy wood thrusts this wine forward. It does have enough weight of blackberry fruit to compensate.', 'Smells roasted and leathery, with a distinct earthy, baked bean-influenced set of aromas. Feels edgy but o.k., with generic boysenberry, chocolate and vanilla flavors. Shows buttery oak and carob on the finish. END
START HERE Spicy wood thrusts this wine forward. It does have enough weight of blackberry fruit to compensate.', 'Smells roasted and leathery, with a distinct earthy, baked bean-influenced set of aromas. Feels edgy but o.k., with generic boysenberry, chocolate and vanilla flavors. Shows buttery oak and carob on the finish.', "A touch of mineral astringency accents crisp, primary flavors of white peach and melon in this sprightly off-dry Riesling. It's not a complex wine but tart tangerine acidity marks a refreshing finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Smells roasted and leathery, with a distinct earthy, baked bean-influenced set of aromas. Feels edgy but o.k., with generic boysenberry, chocolate and vanilla flavors. Shows buttery oak and carob on the finish.', "A touch of mineral astringency accents crisp, primary flavors of white peach and melon in this sprightly off-dry Riesling. It's not a complex wine but tart tangerine acidity marks a refreshing finish. Drink now.", 'A blend of 70% Cabernet Sauvignon and 30% Mavrud (an indigenous Bulgarian variety), this garnet-colored wine has a bouquet of blackberry, black plum and smoked meats. Soft tannins support the rich flavor of black plum, backed by a generous sprinkling of vanilla. END
START HERE A touch of mineral astringency accents crisp, primary flavors of white peach and melon in this sprightly off-dry Riesling. It's not a complex wine but tart tangerine acidity marks a refreshing finish. Drink now.", 'A blend of 70% Cabernet Sauvignon and 30% Mavrud (an indigenous Bulgarian variety), this garnet-colored wine has a bouquet of blackberry, black plum and smoked meats. Soft tannins support the rich flavor of black plum, backed by a generous sprinkling of vanilla.', "This totally refreshing wine is crisp, lively and packed with acidity as well as red currant fruits. It's a delicious wine and a fine apéritif from the Doublet family in Entre-deux-Mers. END
START HERE A blend of 70% Cabernet Sauvignon and 30% Mavrud (an indigenous Bulgarian variety), this garnet-colored wine has a bouquet of blackberry, black plum and smoked meats. Soft tannins support the rich flavor of black plum, backed by a generous sprinkling of vanilla.', "This totally refreshing wine is crisp, lively and packed with acidity as well as red currant fruits. It's a delicious wine and a fine apéritif from the Doublet family in Entre-deux-Mers.", 'Strained and oily on the nose, this lacks freshness and fruitiness. Briny flavors are extreme and sweaty, while the finish tastes a lot like sauerkraut. END
START HERE This totally refreshing wine is crisp, lively and packed with acidity as well as red currant fruits. It's a delicious wine and a fine apéritif from the Doublet family in Entre-deux-Mers.", 'Strained and oily on the nose, this lacks freshness and fruitiness. Briny flavors are extreme and sweaty, while the finish tastes a lot like sauerkraut.', 'With strong fruity aromas like lemon and lime, this wine starts off bold and then turns more mellow and smooth on the palate. It has light vanilla accents and a creamy texture. END
START HERE Strained and oily on the nose, this lacks freshness and fruitiness. Briny flavors are extreme and sweaty, while the finish tastes a lot like sauerkraut.', 'With strong fruity aromas like lemon and lime, this wine starts off bold and then turns more mellow and smooth on the palate. It has light vanilla accents and a creamy texture.', 'With its vegetal smell and saccharine-sweet, medicinal fruit flavors, this is not a successful Zinfandel. END
START HERE With strong fruity aromas like lemon and lime, this wine starts off bold and then turns more mellow and smooth on the palate. It has light vanilla accents and a creamy texture.', 'With its vegetal smell and saccharine-sweet, medicinal fruit flavors, this is not a successful Zinfandel.', 'Ripe plum and berry aromas are supported by a full dose of smoky, savory oak. The palate is round yet jagged, while flavors of toasty, chocolaty berry fruits are also lightly herbal and heavily oaked. END
START HERE With its vegetal smell and saccharine-sweet, medicinal fruit flavors, this is not a successful Zinfandel.', 'Ripe plum and berry aromas are supported by a full dose of smoky, savory oak. The palate is round yet jagged, while flavors of toasty, chocolaty berry fruits are also lightly herbal and heavily oaked.', 'Inky in color with tar, rhubarb and green tomato scents that slide into a more earthy expression on the palate. A year or two in bottle will smooth the grippy tannins. Try with spare ribs. END
START HERE Ripe plum and berry aromas are supported by a full dose of smoky, savory oak. The palate is round yet jagged, while flavors of toasty, chocolaty berry fruits are also lightly herbal and heavily oaked.', 'Inky in color with tar, rhubarb and green tomato scents that slide into a more earthy expression on the palate. A year or two in bottle will smooth the grippy tannins. Try with spare ribs.', 'Cherry, tea, spice and citrus peel aromas lead to a balanced palate. This tastes of citrus, raspberry, spiced plum and lightly buttered oak. A creamy sense carries over to the finish, but mostly this is lively and solid. END
START HERE Inky in color with tar, rhubarb and green tomato scents that slide into a more earthy expression on the palate. A year or two in bottle will smooth the grippy tannins. Try with spare ribs.', 'Cherry, tea, spice and citrus peel aromas lead to a balanced palate. This tastes of citrus, raspberry, spiced plum and lightly buttered oak. A creamy sense carries over to the finish, but mostly this is lively and solid.', "Soft, sweet red cherries and berries contrast leafy green and peppery notes in this dry-style Cabernet Franc rosé. It's a bit candied and confected, yet green in character with a quickly dissipating finish. END
START HERE Cherry, tea, spice and citrus peel aromas lead to a balanced palate. This tastes of citrus, raspberry, spiced plum and lightly buttered oak. A creamy sense carries over to the finish, but mostly this is lively and solid.', "Soft, sweet red cherries and berries contrast leafy green and peppery notes in this dry-style Cabernet Franc rosé. It's a bit candied and confected, yet green in character with a quickly dissipating finish.", 'Earthy aromas of leather, coffee grounds and blackberry are convincing. This feels full and ripe. Toasty plum and blackberry flavors offer notes of licorice and toast on a long, balanced finish. END
START HERE Soft, sweet red cherries and berries contrast leafy green and peppery notes in this dry-style Cabernet Franc rosé. It's a bit candied and confected, yet green in character with a quickly dissipating finish.", 'Earthy aromas of leather, coffee grounds and blackberry are convincing. This feels full and ripe. Toasty plum and blackberry flavors offer notes of licorice and toast on a long, balanced finish.', 'Ripe bold Merlot creates a wine that has spice, juicy black-plum flavors and a core of tannin. It is a young wine, full of fruit, with a soft aftertaste. It was made to be drunk from early 2017. END
START HERE Earthy aromas of leather, coffee grounds and blackberry are convincing. This feels full and ripe. Toasty plum and blackberry flavors offer notes of licorice and toast on a long, balanced finish.', 'Ripe bold Merlot creates a wine that has spice, juicy black-plum flavors and a core of tannin. It is a young wine, full of fruit, with a soft aftertaste. It was made to be drunk from early 2017.', 'Raspberry and currant aromas are restrained on the nose. The round palate boasts creamy oak riding on top of mild berry flavors. Oak-influenced nutmeg and clove flavors mingle on a hot finish. END
START HERE Ripe bold Merlot creates a wine that has spice, juicy black-plum flavors and a core of tannin. It is a young wine, full of fruit, with a soft aftertaste. It was made to be drunk from early 2017.', 'Raspberry and currant aromas are restrained on the nose. The round palate boasts creamy oak riding on top of mild berry flavors. Oak-influenced nutmeg and clove flavors mingle on a hot finish.', "Ripe honeydew and yellow cherries perfume this sunny, concentrated semi-sweet Riesling. It's boldly fruit forward in style, but focused acidity and a lean, steely mineral tone gives it surprising depth and complexity. It's a great find for an excellent price. END
START HERE Raspberry and currant aromas are restrained on the nose. The round palate boasts creamy oak riding on top of mild berry flavors. Oak-influenced nutmeg and clove flavors mingle on a hot finish.', "Ripe honeydew and yellow cherries perfume this sunny, concentrated semi-sweet Riesling. It's boldly fruit forward in style, but focused acidity and a lean, steely mineral tone gives it surprising depth and complexity. It's a great find for an excellent price.", "Bees wax and smoke meld with unctuously sweet berry and yellow cherry flavors in this squarely composed semi-sweet Riesling. It's juicy and fruity on the palate, but balanced with cutting lemon acidity and a fresh, green flurry of grass and herbs on the finish. END
START HERE Ripe honeydew and yellow cherries perfume this sunny, concentrated semi-sweet Riesling. It's boldly fruit forward in style, but focused acidity and a lean, steely mineral tone gives it surprising depth and complexity. It's a great find for an excellent price.", "Bees wax and smoke meld with unctuously sweet berry and yellow cherry flavors in this squarely composed semi-sweet Riesling. It's juicy and fruity on the palate, but balanced with cutting lemon acidity and a fresh, green flurry of grass and herbs on the finish.", "Good cherry, cocoa and sweet oak flavors in this dry wine. It's too soft, lacking structure, but is a pretty good buy for the price. END
START HERE Bees wax and smoke meld with unctuously sweet berry and yellow cherry flavors in this squarely composed semi-sweet Riesling. It's juicy and fruity on the palate, but balanced with cutting lemon acidity and a fresh, green flurry of grass and herbs on the finish.", "Good cherry, cocoa and sweet oak flavors in this dry wine. It's too soft, lacking structure, but is a pretty good buy for the price.", 'Coffee, herbal berry and a light whiff of green herbs announce a solid, well-built wine, with flavors of olive, herbs, plum and blackberry. The finish is smooth, healthy, and a bit toasty. END
START HERE Good cherry, cocoa and sweet oak flavors in this dry wine. It's too soft, lacking structure, but is a pretty good buy for the price.", 'Coffee, herbal berry and a light whiff of green herbs announce a solid, well-built wine, with flavors of olive, herbs, plum and blackberry. The finish is smooth, healthy, and a bit toasty.', 'Edgy aromas of citrus peel, green bean and green tobacco fail to register. The palate feels both flabby and high in acidity, as if it were worked on to not much avail. Tastes herbal and green, with a minty finish. END
START HERE Coffee, herbal berry and a light whiff of green herbs announce a solid, well-built wine, with flavors of olive, herbs, plum and blackberry. The finish is smooth, healthy, and a bit toasty.', 'Edgy aromas of citrus peel, green bean and green tobacco fail to register. The palate feels both flabby and high in acidity, as if it were worked on to not much avail. Tastes herbal and green, with a minty finish.', 'Coteaux Varois is a small area in the heart of the Provence vineyards. This wine is fresh, fruity and light in texture. With its strawberry fruits, it has a crisp side and attractive acidity. The wine, with its fresh aftertaste, is ready to drink. END
START HERE Edgy aromas of citrus peel, green bean and green tobacco fail to register. The palate feels both flabby and high in acidity, as if it were worked on to not much avail. Tastes herbal and green, with a minty finish.', 'Coteaux Varois is a small area in the heart of the Provence vineyards. This wine is fresh, fruity and light in texture. With its strawberry fruits, it has a crisp side and attractive acidity. The wine, with its fresh aftertaste, is ready to drink.', 'Pineapple and spice on the nose are followed by like flavors on the palate. An interplay of acid adds quality to the wine but overall, it lacks dimension and the kind of layering that typifies good Chardonnay. END
START HERE Coteaux Varois is a small area in the heart of the Provence vineyards. This wine is fresh, fruity and light in texture. With its strawberry fruits, it has a crisp side and attractive acidity. The wine, with its fresh aftertaste, is ready to drink.', 'Pineapple and spice on the nose are followed by like flavors on the palate. An interplay of acid adds quality to the wine but overall, it lacks dimension and the kind of layering that typifies good Chardonnay.', "Sweet buttered toast, vanilla, pineapple jam and cinnamon spice flavors mark this simple little Chardonnay. It's made in the popular style that's delicious at first, and then palls. END
START HERE Pineapple and spice on the nose are followed by like flavors on the palate. An interplay of acid adds quality to the wine but overall, it lacks dimension and the kind of layering that typifies good Chardonnay.', "Sweet buttered toast, vanilla, pineapple jam and cinnamon spice flavors mark this simple little Chardonnay. It's made in the popular style that's delicious at first, and then palls.", 'Pear, white flower and cantaloupe aromas lead to a rounded, creamy-feeling palate. It brings a lot of appeal and the balance is spot-on. END
START HERE Sweet buttered toast, vanilla, pineapple jam and cinnamon spice flavors mark this simple little Chardonnay. It's made in the popular style that's delicious at first, and then palls.", 'Pear, white flower and cantaloupe aromas lead to a rounded, creamy-feeling palate. It brings a lot of appeal and the balance is spot-on.', 'A picture perfect Sauvignon Blanc. Really defines the variety in California, with rich, ripe tangerine, pear, green melon and vanilla spice flavors, brightened with brisk acidity. Shows a lot of complexity and class, and look at that price. Easy to find, with 15,000 cases produced. END
START HERE Pear, white flower and cantaloupe aromas lead to a rounded, creamy-feeling palate. It brings a lot of appeal and the balance is spot-on.', 'A picture perfect Sauvignon Blanc. Really defines the variety in California, with rich, ripe tangerine, pear, green melon and vanilla spice flavors, brightened with brisk acidity. Shows a lot of complexity and class, and look at that price. Easy to find, with 15,000 cases produced.', 'Roasted berry aromas show notes of leather and earth. The palate is firm and tannic, with medicinal cherry and coffee flavors. A spicy finish remains after the fruit fades. END
START HERE A picture perfect Sauvignon Blanc. Really defines the variety in California, with rich, ripe tangerine, pear, green melon and vanilla spice flavors, brightened with brisk acidity. Shows a lot of complexity and class, and look at that price. Easy to find, with 15,000 cases produced.', 'Roasted berry aromas show notes of leather and earth. The palate is firm and tannic, with medicinal cherry and coffee flavors. A spicy finish remains after the fruit fades.', 'With 20% Garnacha, this Navarran Merlot carries a green and lactic streak that makes it a tough go. The palate is gigantic and oversaturated, which makes the whole clumsy and rough. END
START HERE Roasted berry aromas show notes of leather and earth. The palate is firm and tannic, with medicinal cherry and coffee flavors. A spicy finish remains after the fruit fades.', 'With 20% Garnacha, this Navarran Merlot carries a green and lactic streak that makes it a tough go. The palate is gigantic and oversaturated, which makes the whole clumsy and rough.', 'Simple and sugary sweet, with candied flavors of lemons, limes and pineapples. The crisp acidity is the best part. END
START HERE With 20% Garnacha, this Navarran Merlot carries a green and lactic streak that makes it a tough go. The palate is gigantic and oversaturated, which makes the whole clumsy and rough.', 'Simple and sugary sweet, with candied flavors of lemons, limes and pineapples. The crisp acidity is the best part.', 'Made with 90% Sangiovese and 10% Ciliegiolo, this opens with blackberry and Mediterranean brush aromas. The easygoing palate delivers red cherry and clove alongside chewy tannins. Enjoy soon. END
START HERE Simple and sugary sweet, with candied flavors of lemons, limes and pineapples. The crisp acidity is the best part.', 'Made with 90% Sangiovese and 10% Ciliegiolo, this opens with blackberry and Mediterranean brush aromas. The easygoing palate delivers red cherry and clove alongside chewy tannins. Enjoy soon.', "Sharp on the nose, with herbal, cabbage-like aromas. The palate is better, albeit rubbery in feel and infiltrated by bitter notes. Along the way, there's reasonably good berry fruit and then a piquant bite to the finish. Improves with airing; has its merits. END
START HERE Made with 90% Sangiovese and 10% Ciliegiolo, this opens with blackberry and Mediterranean brush aromas. The easygoing palate delivers red cherry and clove alongside chewy tannins. Enjoy soon.', "Sharp on the nose, with herbal, cabbage-like aromas. The palate is better, albeit rubbery in feel and infiltrated by bitter notes. Along the way, there's reasonably good berry fruit and then a piquant bite to the finish. Improves with airing; has its merits.", "Clean, fresh and simple. Gran Feudo will neither thrill nor disappoint as it delivers adequate citrus, raspberry and rhubarb flavors propelled by choppy, stinging acids. It shows a good attack before breaking up on the finish. A can't-fail rosé for the summer and fall of 2008. END
START HERE Sharp on the nose, with herbal, cabbage-like aromas. The palate is better, albeit rubbery in feel and infiltrated by bitter notes. Along the way, there's reasonably good berry fruit and then a piquant bite to the finish. Improves with airing; has its merits.", "Clean, fresh and simple. Gran Feudo will neither thrill nor disappoint as it delivers adequate citrus, raspberry and rhubarb flavors propelled by choppy, stinging acids. It shows a good attack before breaking up on the finish. A can't-fail rosé for the summer and fall of 2008.", 'This meaty, ripe Syrah is smoky and deep on the nose, with lusty berry aromas. The palate is tannic but supported by bold, fleshy blackberry flavors backed by maple, vanilla and burnt toast. Caramel richness makes its way onto the finish, which is rocky and tannic but tastes good. This value Syrah was built for grilled meat. END
START HERE Clean, fresh and simple. Gran Feudo will neither thrill nor disappoint as it delivers adequate citrus, raspberry and rhubarb flavors propelled by choppy, stinging acids. It shows a good attack before breaking up on the finish. A can't-fail rosé for the summer and fall of 2008.", 'This meaty, ripe Syrah is smoky and deep on the nose, with lusty berry aromas. The palate is tannic but supported by bold, fleshy blackberry flavors backed by maple, vanilla and burnt toast. Caramel richness makes its way onto the finish, which is rocky and tannic but tastes good. This value Syrah was built for grilled meat.', 'Basic citrus and green-leaning aromas introduce a mild palate with flavors of lime, celery and green herbs. A light, easy finish is on the watery and hollow side. END
START HERE This meaty, ripe Syrah is smoky and deep on the nose, with lusty berry aromas. The palate is tannic but supported by bold, fleshy blackberry flavors backed by maple, vanilla and burnt toast. Caramel richness makes its way onto the finish, which is rocky and tannic but tastes good. This value Syrah was built for grilled meat.', 'Basic citrus and green-leaning aromas introduce a mild palate with flavors of lime, celery and green herbs. A light, easy finish is on the watery and hollow side.', "Here's an 100% unoaked Chard that offers ripe tropical notes of mango and pineapple alongside flavors of rich red apple and canteloupe in the round mouth. Softly prickling acidity leads nicely into the fruity finish. END
START HERE Basic citrus and green-leaning aromas introduce a mild palate with flavors of lime, celery and green herbs. A light, easy finish is on the watery and hollow side.', "Here's an 100% unoaked Chard that offers ripe tropical notes of mango and pineapple alongside flavors of rich red apple and canteloupe in the round mouth. Softly prickling acidity leads nicely into the fruity finish.", "Here's a strongly mineral-driven expression of Chardonnay with a polished, linear appeal in its clean aromas and crisp mouthfeel. The wine is luminous and light and would pair with seafood or a fresh Caesar salad. END
START HERE Here's an 100% unoaked Chard that offers ripe tropical notes of mango and pineapple alongside flavors of rich red apple and canteloupe in the round mouth. Softly prickling acidity leads nicely into the fruity finish.", "Here's a strongly mineral-driven expression of Chardonnay with a polished, linear appeal in its clean aromas and crisp mouthfeel. The wine is luminous and light and would pair with seafood or a fresh Caesar salad.", "Here's a fresh and bright rosé from Central Italy with a delicate bouquet of wild flowers and forest berry. The wine is luminous, pristine and would pair with appetizers or light summer pasta or chicken curry salad. In the mouth, the wine tastes fresh, crisp and clean. END
START HERE Here's a strongly mineral-driven expression of Chardonnay with a polished, linear appeal in its clean aromas and crisp mouthfeel. The wine is luminous and light and would pair with seafood or a fresh Caesar salad.", "Here's a fresh and bright rosé from Central Italy with a delicate bouquet of wild flowers and forest berry. The wine is luminous, pristine and would pair with appetizers or light summer pasta or chicken curry salad. In the mouth, the wine tastes fresh, crisp and clean.", "There's a pretty mineral context here that frames a juicy core of honey, almond and peach. This oak-aged Chardonnay is simple but genuine and would make a good companion to endive salad with blood oranges and black olives. END
START HERE Here's a fresh and bright rosé from Central Italy with a delicate bouquet of wild flowers and forest berry. The wine is luminous, pristine and would pair with appetizers or light summer pasta or chicken curry salad. In the mouth, the wine tastes fresh, crisp and clean.", "There's a pretty mineral context here that frames a juicy core of honey, almond and peach. This oak-aged Chardonnay is simple but genuine and would make a good companion to endive salad with blood oranges and black olives.", 'Sweet and simple, this easy blush wine has strawberry, brown sugar and vanilla flavors. END
START HERE There's a pretty mineral context here that frames a juicy core of honey, almond and peach. This oak-aged Chardonnay is simple but genuine and would make a good companion to endive salad with blood oranges and black olives.", 'Sweet and simple, this easy blush wine has strawberry, brown sugar and vanilla flavors.', 'Cool-climate aromas of olive, tomato and herbs are prominent on this Leyda Valley Syrah. High acidity is derived from coastal origins, and it creates a shrill sensation. Flavors of blueberry, cassis and herbs are saucy and a touch minty, while this is toasty on the finish, with a redux of olive and spice notes. END
START HERE Sweet and simple, this easy blush wine has strawberry, brown sugar and vanilla flavors.', 'Cool-climate aromas of olive, tomato and herbs are prominent on this Leyda Valley Syrah. High acidity is derived from coastal origins, and it creates a shrill sensation. Flavors of blueberry, cassis and herbs are saucy and a touch minty, while this is toasty on the finish, with a redux of olive and spice notes.', "Soft, smooth and sweet, this is a basic wine with raisin and prune flavors. It won't please those who normally drink dry varietal wines. END
START HERE Cool-climate aromas of olive, tomato and herbs are prominent on this Leyda Valley Syrah. High acidity is derived from coastal origins, and it creates a shrill sensation. Flavors of blueberry, cassis and herbs are saucy and a touch minty, while this is toasty on the finish, with a redux of olive and spice notes.', "Soft, smooth and sweet, this is a basic wine with raisin and prune flavors. It won't please those who normally drink dry varietal wines.", 'Ripe and juicy, this is a fresh-faced wine with acidity and balanced tannins adding to the smoky aromas. It has the acidity typical of the vintage alongside the bright red-berry fruits. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE Soft, smooth and sweet, this is a basic wine with raisin and prune flavors. It won't please those who normally drink dry varietal wines.", 'Ripe and juicy, this is a fresh-faced wine with acidity and balanced tannins adding to the smoky aromas. It has the acidity typical of the vintage alongside the bright red-berry fruits. Drink from 2018.', "Aromatically pleasing, this suggests fresh blueberry pie, with a whiff of smoked meat. It's straightforward with huckleberry and mocha flavors, trailing slightly toward the finish. END
START HERE Ripe and juicy, this is a fresh-faced wine with acidity and balanced tannins adding to the smoky aromas. It has the acidity typical of the vintage alongside the bright red-berry fruits. Drink from 2018.', "Aromatically pleasing, this suggests fresh blueberry pie, with a whiff of smoked meat. It's straightforward with huckleberry and mocha flavors, trailing slightly toward the finish.", 'Roasted black olive and rubber aromas set up a tannic and heavy palate with a lot of oak but not much fruit to back it up. Tastes like cinnamon and spice, with middling blackberry and bitterness on the finish. END
START HERE Aromatically pleasing, this suggests fresh blueberry pie, with a whiff of smoked meat. It's straightforward with huckleberry and mocha flavors, trailing slightly toward the finish.", 'Roasted black olive and rubber aromas set up a tannic and heavy palate with a lot of oak but not much fruit to back it up. Tastes like cinnamon and spice, with middling blackberry and bitterness on the finish.', "This Merlot is as pale as a Pinot Noir, which suggests how light bodied it is. It's silky and dry in the mouth, with pleasant cherry, cola and sandalwood flavors. END
START HERE Roasted black olive and rubber aromas set up a tannic and heavy palate with a lot of oak but not much fruit to back it up. Tastes like cinnamon and spice, with middling blackberry and bitterness on the finish.', "This Merlot is as pale as a Pinot Noir, which suggests how light bodied it is. It's silky and dry in the mouth, with pleasant cherry, cola and sandalwood flavors.", 'Fruity and herbal all at once with aromas of kirsch and black cherry competing with notes of wet forest floor and wild game. Lightweight and drinkable with a clean, fruit-driven finish. END
START HERE This Merlot is as pale as a Pinot Noir, which suggests how light bodied it is. It's silky and dry in the mouth, with pleasant cherry, cola and sandalwood flavors.", 'Fruity and herbal all at once with aromas of kirsch and black cherry competing with notes of wet forest floor and wild game. Lightweight and drinkable with a clean, fruit-driven finish.', 'A little aging has given this ripe wine a smooth character and warm berry flavors. Smoky character from the wood aging adds complexity, while the acidity keeps the wine fresh and fruity at the end. Drink now. END
START HERE Fruity and herbal all at once with aromas of kirsch and black cherry competing with notes of wet forest floor and wild game. Lightweight and drinkable with a clean, fruit-driven finish.', 'A little aging has given this ripe wine a smooth character and warm berry flavors. Smoky character from the wood aging adds complexity, while the acidity keeps the wine fresh and fruity at the end. Drink now.', 'This shows plenty of Chardonnay character with citrus and tropical fruit, cream, vanilla and buttered toast flavors. The wine is dry with crisp acidity, but a bit watery in mouthfeel. END
START HERE A little aging has given this ripe wine a smooth character and warm berry flavors. Smoky character from the wood aging adds complexity, while the acidity keeps the wine fresh and fruity at the end. Drink now.', 'This shows plenty of Chardonnay character with citrus and tropical fruit, cream, vanilla and buttered toast flavors. The wine is dry with crisp acidity, but a bit watery in mouthfeel.', 'Cline makes a lot of this wine and they do a good job with it. Soft and leathery in spicy baked plum and blackberry, this is a perfet wine to pair with a myriad of midweek meals and outdoor parties. END
START HERE This shows plenty of Chardonnay character with citrus and tropical fruit, cream, vanilla and buttered toast flavors. The wine is dry with crisp acidity, but a bit watery in mouthfeel.', 'Cline makes a lot of this wine and they do a good job with it. Soft and leathery in spicy baked plum and blackberry, this is a perfet wine to pair with a myriad of midweek meals and outdoor parties.', "Pushy, smoky, forceful aromas of roasted blackberry and campfire set up a sticky feeling, slightly gummy palate that's full of berry, plum and rubbery flavors. On the finish, this flattens out and becomes heavier. END
START HERE Cline makes a lot of this wine and they do a good job with it. Soft and leathery in spicy baked plum and blackberry, this is a perfet wine to pair with a myriad of midweek meals and outdoor parties.', "Pushy, smoky, forceful aromas of roasted blackberry and campfire set up a sticky feeling, slightly gummy palate that's full of berry, plum and rubbery flavors. On the finish, this flattens out and becomes heavier.", 'Ripe and fruity, this is a simple, easy wine with red berry fruits and soft tannins. It has lively fruitiness that is enjoyable now. END
START HERE Pushy, smoky, forceful aromas of roasted blackberry and campfire set up a sticky feeling, slightly gummy palate that's full of berry, plum and rubbery flavors. On the finish, this flattens out and becomes heavier.", 'Ripe and fruity, this is a simple, easy wine with red berry fruits and soft tannins. It has lively fruitiness that is enjoyable now.', 'Lightweight and lacking in intensity, this is nevertheless a respectable wine. Herb and passion fruit aromas give way to a blend of melon and salad greens on the palate. Drink up. END
START HERE Ripe and fruity, this is a simple, easy wine with red berry fruits and soft tannins. It has lively fruitiness that is enjoyable now.', 'Lightweight and lacking in intensity, this is nevertheless a respectable wine. Herb and passion fruit aromas give way to a blend of melon and salad greens on the palate. Drink up.', "There's lots of mouthwatering acidity in this Chard, but it's also jammy with simple apricot, orange, peach and oak flavors. The result is like a Lifesaver candy, a little bit sweet and sour. END
START HERE Lightweight and lacking in intensity, this is nevertheless a respectable wine. Herb and passion fruit aromas give way to a blend of melon and salad greens on the palate. Drink up.', "There's lots of mouthwatering acidity in this Chard, but it's also jammy with simple apricot, orange, peach and oak flavors. The result is like a Lifesaver candy, a little bit sweet and sour.", 'A simple but reasonably good white wine. Applesauce and citrus aromas are fruity and clean, while the mango-orange palate is tasty, a little sweet and citric. Pithy on the finish but mellow overall. END
START HERE There's lots of mouthwatering acidity in this Chard, but it's also jammy with simple apricot, orange, peach and oak flavors. The result is like a Lifesaver candy, a little bit sweet and sour.", 'A simple but reasonably good white wine. Applesauce and citrus aromas are fruity and clean, while the mango-orange palate is tasty, a little sweet and citric. Pithy on the finish but mellow overall.', 'A touch rubbery and medicinal if you get deep into the bouquet, with sizable berry aromas to boot. The palate is comfortable and balanced, with earthy black fruit flavors that suggest fig and blackberry. Toasty and chocolaty on the finish. END
START HERE A simple but reasonably good white wine. Applesauce and citrus aromas are fruity and clean, while the mango-orange palate is tasty, a little sweet and citric. Pithy on the finish but mellow overall.', 'A touch rubbery and medicinal if you get deep into the bouquet, with sizable berry aromas to boot. The palate is comfortable and balanced, with earthy black fruit flavors that suggest fig and blackberry. Toasty and chocolaty on the finish.', "Nice bright fruit aromas and a lively play of minerality and good fresh fruit make this a definite everyday choice for fans of cleaner whites. The wine is not terribly deep but it's playful and flavorful. END
START HERE A touch rubbery and medicinal if you get deep into the bouquet, with sizable berry aromas to boot. The palate is comfortable and balanced, with earthy black fruit flavors that suggest fig and blackberry. Toasty and chocolaty on the finish.', "Nice bright fruit aromas and a lively play of minerality and good fresh fruit make this a definite everyday choice for fans of cleaner whites. The wine is not terribly deep but it's playful and flavorful.", 'This is the kind of wine that negociant Don Sebastiani & Sons produces so well. For an everyday price, you get a pretty nice Cabernet, dry and spicy, with a good punch of berry fruit. END
START HERE Nice bright fruit aromas and a lively play of minerality and good fresh fruit make this a definite everyday choice for fans of cleaner whites. The wine is not terribly deep but it's playful and flavorful.", 'This is the kind of wine that negociant Don Sebastiani & Sons produces so well. For an everyday price, you get a pretty nice Cabernet, dry and spicy, with a good punch of berry fruit.', 'Smoky and assertive in aroma, this is concentrated in flavor, with ripe black cherry, a touch of almost-sweet boysenberry and plenty of toasty, oaky shadings. Not sweet, but as rich and compelling as a blackberry tart. END
START HERE This is the kind of wine that negociant Don Sebastiani & Sons produces so well. For an everyday price, you get a pretty nice Cabernet, dry and spicy, with a good punch of berry fruit.', 'Smoky and assertive in aroma, this is concentrated in flavor, with ripe black cherry, a touch of almost-sweet boysenberry and plenty of toasty, oaky shadings. Not sweet, but as rich and compelling as a blackberry tart.', "Solid Pinot Noir at this price isn't something you find every day. Plum, cherry and earthy spice notes are varietally on target. This feels round, but with adequate acidity and good balance. Light oak flavors accent cherry and red-plum notes, while this tastes slightly green on the finish. END
START HERE Smoky and assertive in aroma, this is concentrated in flavor, with ripe black cherry, a touch of almost-sweet boysenberry and plenty of toasty, oaky shadings. Not sweet, but as rich and compelling as a blackberry tart.', "Solid Pinot Noir at this price isn't something you find every day. Plum, cherry and earthy spice notes are varietally on target. This feels round, but with adequate acidity and good balance. Light oak flavors accent cherry and red-plum notes, while this tastes slightly green on the finish.", "Standard berry and cherry aromas are clean and round, while the palate is full and honest, with medium tannins and controlled acidity. For basic Merlot it's nice because there's sweetness, ripe fruit flavors, cola and juicy snap to the finish. END
START HERE Solid Pinot Noir at this price isn't something you find every day. Plum, cherry and earthy spice notes are varietally on target. This feels round, but with adequate acidity and good balance. Light oak flavors accent cherry and red-plum notes, while this tastes slightly green on the finish.", "Standard berry and cherry aromas are clean and round, while the palate is full and honest, with medium tannins and controlled acidity. For basic Merlot it's nice because there's sweetness, ripe fruit flavors, cola and juicy snap to the finish.", "Fits the big-production Aussie recipe to a T, blending tropical fruit, vanilla, apple and citrus flavors. It's just a little lighter than expected and finishes short. END
START HERE Standard berry and cherry aromas are clean and round, while the palate is full and honest, with medium tannins and controlled acidity. For basic Merlot it's nice because there's sweetness, ripe fruit flavors, cola and juicy snap to the finish.", "Fits the big-production Aussie recipe to a T, blending tropical fruit, vanilla, apple and citrus flavors. It's just a little lighter than expected and finishes short.", "Ripe and fruity, this has the right amount of structure to hold everything together. It's a bold, rounded wine, acidity layering red fruits and a darker tannic aftertaste. Drink from 2016. END
START HERE Fits the big-production Aussie recipe to a T, blending tropical fruit, vanilla, apple and citrus flavors. It's just a little lighter than expected and finishes short.", "Ripe and fruity, this has the right amount of structure to hold everything together. It's a bold, rounded wine, acidity layering red fruits and a darker tannic aftertaste. Drink from 2016.", 'Deep blush in the glass, this wine has aromas of white peach and rose petal. It is full in the mouth, with flavors of nectarine, clementine and lavender. Soft floral notes enhance the bright finish. END
START HERE Ripe and fruity, this has the right amount of structure to hold everything together. It's a bold, rounded wine, acidity layering red fruits and a darker tannic aftertaste. Drink from 2016.", 'Deep blush in the glass, this wine has aromas of white peach and rose petal. It is full in the mouth, with flavors of nectarine, clementine and lavender. Soft floral notes enhance the bright finish.', 'Fresh and zesty, with slightly confected, bubble-gum-like aromas balanced by bright lime notes and even a bit of chalk-dust minerality to add grip and interest on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Deep blush in the glass, this wine has aromas of white peach and rose petal. It is full in the mouth, with flavors of nectarine, clementine and lavender. Soft floral notes enhance the bright finish.', 'Fresh and zesty, with slightly confected, bubble-gum-like aromas balanced by bright lime notes and even a bit of chalk-dust minerality to add grip and interest on the finish. Drink now.', 'This is classic Merlot at a great price, with notes of black plum, cherry, blackberry and licorice on the nose and mouth. Balanced and softly textured with medium tannins and a solid, clean finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Fresh and zesty, with slightly confected, bubble-gum-like aromas balanced by bright lime notes and even a bit of chalk-dust minerality to add grip and interest on the finish. Drink now.', 'This is classic Merlot at a great price, with notes of black plum, cherry, blackberry and licorice on the nose and mouth. Balanced and softly textured with medium tannins and a solid, clean finish. Drink now.', 'Crisp, leafy, peppery aromas accent core red-plum notes. In the mouth, raw acidity pushes the palate, which delivers dry, spicy cranberry and tomato flavors. Peppery spice and mild green-herb flavors carry the finish. END
START HERE This is classic Merlot at a great price, with notes of black plum, cherry, blackberry and licorice on the nose and mouth. Balanced and softly textured with medium tannins and a solid, clean finish. Drink now.', 'Crisp, leafy, peppery aromas accent core red-plum notes. In the mouth, raw acidity pushes the palate, which delivers dry, spicy cranberry and tomato flavors. Peppery spice and mild green-herb flavors carry the finish.', "Subtle aromas of blue flowers and red berry lead the nose of this easy-drinking blend of 80% Merlot and 20% Sangiovese. The round, fruity palate doles out red cherries and red currants alongside bright acidity and soft tannins. It's made to be drunk young, so enjoy now. END
START HERE Crisp, leafy, peppery aromas accent core red-plum notes. In the mouth, raw acidity pushes the palate, which delivers dry, spicy cranberry and tomato flavors. Peppery spice and mild green-herb flavors carry the finish.', "Subtle aromas of blue flowers and red berry lead the nose of this easy-drinking blend of 80% Merlot and 20% Sangiovese. The round, fruity palate doles out red cherries and red currants alongside bright acidity and soft tannins. It's made to be drunk young, so enjoy now.", "It's a fine wine, full-bodied and dry, with spicy flavors of currants, teriyaki beef, black pepper and cola, with a bracing minerality that grounds the richness. Could be more concentrated, but it's a great value. END
START HERE Subtle aromas of blue flowers and red berry lead the nose of this easy-drinking blend of 80% Merlot and 20% Sangiovese. The round, fruity palate doles out red cherries and red currants alongside bright acidity and soft tannins. It's made to be drunk young, so enjoy now.", "It's a fine wine, full-bodied and dry, with spicy flavors of currants, teriyaki beef, black pepper and cola, with a bracing minerality that grounds the richness. Could be more concentrated, but it's a great value.", 'Reticent aromas of dried blue fruit and spice lead to full-feeling fruit flavors. The tannins bring some astringency. END
START HERE It's a fine wine, full-bodied and dry, with spicy flavors of currants, teriyaki beef, black pepper and cola, with a bracing minerality that grounds the richness. Could be more concentrated, but it's a great value.", 'Reticent aromas of dried blue fruit and spice lead to full-feeling fruit flavors. The tannins bring some astringency.', "Jammy and candied smelling, this has a green element akin to alfalfa or mint. It's clampy, tannic and high in acid, with raspberry and plum notes that offer an oak offset. The flavors turn tangy and sharp on the finish, even as a heavy vanilla flavor settles in. END
START HERE Reticent aromas of dried blue fruit and spice lead to full-feeling fruit flavors. The tannins bring some astringency.', "Jammy and candied smelling, this has a green element akin to alfalfa or mint. It's clampy, tannic and high in acid, with raspberry and plum notes that offer an oak offset. The flavors turn tangy and sharp on the finish, even as a heavy vanilla flavor settles in.", 'This is a changed wine from previous vintages, now emphasizing the berry flavors of the fruit and not shying away from some chewy tannins. It seems more honest and direct, without the wash of vanilla and jam, and more food-friendly as well, with the stuffing to take on a flank or hanger steak. END
START HERE Jammy and candied smelling, this has a green element akin to alfalfa or mint. It's clampy, tannic and high in acid, with raspberry and plum notes that offer an oak offset. The flavors turn tangy and sharp on the finish, even as a heavy vanilla flavor settles in.", 'This is a changed wine from previous vintages, now emphasizing the berry flavors of the fruit and not shying away from some chewy tannins. It seems more honest and direct, without the wash of vanilla and jam, and more food-friendly as well, with the stuffing to take on a flank or hanger steak.', 'A simple Chardonnay, this tastes sweet in white sugared pineapple, orange and mango juices. END
START HERE This is a changed wine from previous vintages, now emphasizing the berry flavors of the fruit and not shying away from some chewy tannins. It seems more honest and direct, without the wash of vanilla and jam, and more food-friendly as well, with the stuffing to take on a flank or hanger steak.', 'A simple Chardonnay, this tastes sweet in white sugared pineapple, orange and mango juices.', 'This is a bright style of Sauvignon Blanc with pear and red-apple acidity and an attractive hint of lime juice. With a tangy aftertaste, it is light, packed with fruitiness and ready to drink. END
START HERE A simple Chardonnay, this tastes sweet in white sugared pineapple, orange and mango juices.', 'This is a bright style of Sauvignon Blanc with pear and red-apple acidity and an attractive hint of lime juice. With a tangy aftertaste, it is light, packed with fruitiness and ready to drink.', 'Light, bright and packed with delicious fruit, this is a refreshing, immediately drinkable wine. It has raspberry flavors and a crisp aftertaste that are all part of the fruity package. END
START HERE This is a bright style of Sauvignon Blanc with pear and red-apple acidity and an attractive hint of lime juice. With a tangy aftertaste, it is light, packed with fruitiness and ready to drink.', 'Light, bright and packed with delicious fruit, this is a refreshing, immediately drinkable wine. It has raspberry flavors and a crisp aftertaste that are all part of the fruity package.', 'Dark yet a touch murky on the bouquet, with weight and black-fruit aromas. The palate is plump but healthy, with peppery flavors accenting core blackberry and chocolate. Chunky and proper, if a tad bit bitter on the finish. Gets better as it airs out. END
START HERE Light, bright and packed with delicious fruit, this is a refreshing, immediately drinkable wine. It has raspberry flavors and a crisp aftertaste that are all part of the fruity package.', 'Dark yet a touch murky on the bouquet, with weight and black-fruit aromas. The palate is plump but healthy, with peppery flavors accenting core blackberry and chocolate. Chunky and proper, if a tad bit bitter on the finish. Gets better as it airs out.', 'Dusty gritty citrus aromas are briny and piercing. This feels honest and solid, but cutting. Grassy flavors blend with lean citrus notes prior to a basic short finish. END
START HERE Dark yet a touch murky on the bouquet, with weight and black-fruit aromas. The palate is plump but healthy, with peppery flavors accenting core blackberry and chocolate. Chunky and proper, if a tad bit bitter on the finish. Gets better as it airs out.', 'Dusty gritty citrus aromas are briny and piercing. This feels honest and solid, but cutting. Grassy flavors blend with lean citrus notes prior to a basic short finish.', 'The wine is firm with a dry core of tannins and a dark structure. With a juicy edge of black-currant fruit, it also has good potential and richness. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE Dusty gritty citrus aromas are briny and piercing. This feels honest and solid, but cutting. Grassy flavors blend with lean citrus notes prior to a basic short finish.', 'The wine is firm with a dry core of tannins and a dark structure. With a juicy edge of black-currant fruit, it also has good potential and richness. Drink from 2018.', 'This fruity wine is ripe with black fruits and generous tannins. It has plenty of acidity to balance the fruit, giving a wine that is both crisp and packed with fruit. The structure is already just right. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE The wine is firm with a dry core of tannins and a dark structure. With a juicy edge of black-currant fruit, it also has good potential and richness. Drink from 2018.', 'This fruity wine is ripe with black fruits and generous tannins. It has plenty of acidity to balance the fruit, giving a wine that is both crisp and packed with fruit. The structure is already just right. Drink from 2018.', "This entry-level cuvée from the cooperative in Tain l'Hermitage is a solid value, offering up peppery, dark fruit aromas and ample flavors of cassis. black olive and espresso. The tannins are firm, so pair it with rare beef or lamb over the near term. END
START HERE This fruity wine is ripe with black fruits and generous tannins. It has plenty of acidity to balance the fruit, giving a wine that is both crisp and packed with fruit. The structure is already just right. Drink from 2018.', "This entry-level cuvée from the cooperative in Tain l'Hermitage is a solid value, offering up peppery, dark fruit aromas and ample flavors of cassis. black olive and espresso. The tannins are firm, so pair it with rare beef or lamb over the near term.", 'This is so intense and fruit forward, the aromas are almost like those of Fruit Roll-Ups. Notes of strawberry, raspberry and peach abound on the nose and palate, with good acidic lift that just balances all of that fruity sweetness. END
START HERE This entry-level cuvée from the cooperative in Tain l'Hermitage is a solid value, offering up peppery, dark fruit aromas and ample flavors of cassis. black olive and espresso. The tannins are firm, so pair it with rare beef or lamb over the near term.", 'This is so intense and fruit forward, the aromas are almost like those of Fruit Roll-Ups. Notes of strawberry, raspberry and peach abound on the nose and palate, with good acidic lift that just balances all of that fruity sweetness.', "A blend of Corvina Veronese, Rondinella and Molinara grapes, this savory rosato offers red cherry, white pepper and nutmeg flavors alongside tangy acidity. A saline note energizes the tangy finish. It's straightforward but savory, with a hint of fennel on the close. END
START HERE This is so intense and fruit forward, the aromas are almost like those of Fruit Roll-Ups. Notes of strawberry, raspberry and peach abound on the nose and palate, with good acidic lift that just balances all of that fruity sweetness.', "A blend of Corvina Veronese, Rondinella and Molinara grapes, this savory rosato offers red cherry, white pepper and nutmeg flavors alongside tangy acidity. A saline note energizes the tangy finish. It's straightforward but savory, with a hint of fennel on the close.", 'Peach pit, pyrazines and almond skins are the key aromas on this rosé. This feels a little oily and flabby, with a mix of peach pit, melon and bitter flavors. Additional bitterness and weight define the finish. END
START HERE A blend of Corvina Veronese, Rondinella and Molinara grapes, this savory rosato offers red cherry, white pepper and nutmeg flavors alongside tangy acidity. A saline note energizes the tangy finish. It's straightforward but savory, with a hint of fennel on the close.", 'Peach pit, pyrazines and almond skins are the key aromas on this rosé. This feels a little oily and flabby, with a mix of peach pit, melon and bitter flavors. Additional bitterness and weight define the finish.', "This Cabernet discloses plenty of varietal character and is easy to drink. It's dry and softly tannic, with ripe blackberry, cherry and oak flavors that have a candied finish. END
START HERE Peach pit, pyrazines and almond skins are the key aromas on this rosé. This feels a little oily and flabby, with a mix of peach pit, melon and bitter flavors. Additional bitterness and weight define the finish.', "This Cabernet discloses plenty of varietal character and is easy to drink. It's dry and softly tannic, with ripe blackberry, cherry and oak flavors that have a candied finish.", "There's not a whole lot going on in this basic Pinot Noir, but it does get the idea across of silkiness, dryness, tartness and light-hearted cherry and pomegranate fruit flavors. END
START HERE This Cabernet discloses plenty of varietal character and is easy to drink. It's dry and softly tannic, with ripe blackberry, cherry and oak flavors that have a candied finish.", "There's not a whole lot going on in this basic Pinot Noir, but it does get the idea across of silkiness, dryness, tartness and light-hearted cherry and pomegranate fruit flavors.", 'Young and fruity smelling up front, with a dusting of hard, dry spice. The palate is firm and juicy, with lightly medicinal red fruit flavors. Finishes with dryness, lots of spice and pepper. END
START HERE There's not a whole lot going on in this basic Pinot Noir, but it does get the idea across of silkiness, dryness, tartness and light-hearted cherry and pomegranate fruit flavors.", 'Young and fruity smelling up front, with a dusting of hard, dry spice. The palate is firm and juicy, with lightly medicinal red fruit flavors. Finishes with dryness, lots of spice and pepper.', 'An innocuous, easy drinking wine with notes of apple and pear pairing with a medium bodied, textured feel. Some sugar sweetens the finish. END
START HERE Young and fruity smelling up front, with a dusting of hard, dry spice. The palate is firm and juicy, with lightly medicinal red fruit flavors. Finishes with dryness, lots of spice and pepper.', 'An innocuous, easy drinking wine with notes of apple and pear pairing with a medium bodied, textured feel. Some sugar sweetens the finish.', 'A subtle nose of butter and spice leads this wine whose flavors are varietally correct but not terribly inspired. The fruit is balanced and round but the finish slightly watery. Not a bad everyday sip, but needs complexity. END
START HERE An innocuous, easy drinking wine with notes of apple and pear pairing with a medium bodied, textured feel. Some sugar sweetens the finish.', 'A subtle nose of butter and spice leads this wine whose flavors are varietally correct but not terribly inspired. The fruit is balanced and round but the finish slightly watery. Not a bad everyday sip, but needs complexity.', 'Citrus wafts up in the aroma, and brisk lemon, lime and grapefruit tinge the flavors of this wine. A rather soft texture and light body make it gentle to sip, and a touch of sweetness comes out on the finish. END
START HERE A subtle nose of butter and spice leads this wine whose flavors are varietally correct but not terribly inspired. The fruit is balanced and round but the finish slightly watery. Not a bad everyday sip, but needs complexity.', 'Citrus wafts up in the aroma, and brisk lemon, lime and grapefruit tinge the flavors of this wine. A rather soft texture and light body make it gentle to sip, and a touch of sweetness comes out on the finish.', 'Light and leafy smelling, with red fruit aromas as well as mint and green notes. Feels exceedingly angular and acidic, leaving quick, tart flavors of raspberry and red plum to match wits with buttery oak. Sharp on the finish, and ultimately a bit sour. END
START HERE Citrus wafts up in the aroma, and brisk lemon, lime and grapefruit tinge the flavors of this wine. A rather soft texture and light body make it gentle to sip, and a touch of sweetness comes out on the finish.', 'Light and leafy smelling, with red fruit aromas as well as mint and green notes. Feels exceedingly angular and acidic, leaving quick, tart flavors of raspberry and red plum to match wits with buttery oak. Sharp on the finish, and ultimately a bit sour.', 'Darker in color than a rosé, this Clairet is fruity with ripe strawberry fruit. But it does seem heavily laced with caramel as well as some tannins and spice. END
START HERE Light and leafy smelling, with red fruit aromas as well as mint and green notes. Feels exceedingly angular and acidic, leaving quick, tart flavors of raspberry and red plum to match wits with buttery oak. Sharp on the finish, and ultimately a bit sour.', 'Darker in color than a rosé, this Clairet is fruity with ripe strawberry fruit. But it does seem heavily laced with caramel as well as some tannins and spice.', 'This is tight, tannic and with spice and a red-fruit character. The wine is still very young with the fruit of the year masked by the tannins. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE Darker in color than a rosé, this Clairet is fruity with ripe strawberry fruit. But it does seem heavily laced with caramel as well as some tannins and spice.', 'This is tight, tannic and with spice and a red-fruit character. The wine is still very young with the fruit of the year masked by the tannins. Drink from 2018.', 'Righteous is a new budget label for Sweet Valley Winery. Mostly Merlot, this smooth, fruity red wine is ready to drink. It tastes like a latter-day version of the Hearty Burgundies of old, only with better fruit, and a hint of hazelnut in the finish. END
START HERE This is tight, tannic and with spice and a red-fruit character. The wine is still very young with the fruit of the year masked by the tannins. Drink from 2018.', 'Righteous is a new budget label for Sweet Valley Winery. Mostly Merlot, this smooth, fruity red wine is ready to drink. It tastes like a latter-day version of the Hearty Burgundies of old, only with better fruit, and a hint of hazelnut in the finish.', 'Warm and honeyed Chardonnay with toast and melon aromas. The body is big but the acidity is staunch enough to keep things moving. Flavors of toast and coconut sweeten up apple and melon fruit, and the finish is lasting. END
START HERE Righteous is a new budget label for Sweet Valley Winery. Mostly Merlot, this smooth, fruity red wine is ready to drink. It tastes like a latter-day version of the Hearty Burgundies of old, only with better fruit, and a hint of hazelnut in the finish.', 'Warm and honeyed Chardonnay with toast and melon aromas. The body is big but the acidity is staunch enough to keep things moving. Flavors of toast and coconut sweeten up apple and melon fruit, and the finish is lasting.', 'This Navarran blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Tempranillo opens with mulchy aromas of compost, tomato and herbs as well as currant and plum. The palate is thick and syrupy in feel, with a mix of baked, stewy berry flavors offset by green notes. Herbal berry and chocolaty flavors control a rooty, sweet-tasting finish. END
START HERE Warm and honeyed Chardonnay with toast and melon aromas. The body is big but the acidity is staunch enough to keep things moving. Flavors of toast and coconut sweeten up apple and melon fruit, and the finish is lasting.', 'This Navarran blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Tempranillo opens with mulchy aromas of compost, tomato and herbs as well as currant and plum. The palate is thick and syrupy in feel, with a mix of baked, stewy berry flavors offset by green notes. Herbal berry and chocolaty flavors control a rooty, sweet-tasting finish.', 'The nose on this pink-tinted rosé is mostly fresh, with hints of talcum powder and strawberry. The palate is starting to fade a bit, with heft and grabbiness setting in. Cherry is the key flavor, while the finish is weighty. Drink immediately or wait for the 2013. END
START HERE This Navarran blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Tempranillo opens with mulchy aromas of compost, tomato and herbs as well as currant and plum. The palate is thick and syrupy in feel, with a mix of baked, stewy berry flavors offset by green notes. Herbal berry and chocolaty flavors control a rooty, sweet-tasting finish.', 'The nose on this pink-tinted rosé is mostly fresh, with hints of talcum powder and strawberry. The palate is starting to fade a bit, with heft and grabbiness setting in. Cherry is the key flavor, while the finish is weighty. Drink immediately or wait for the 2013.', "Bring on the pizza, pasta and barbecue. Here's a good everyday red at a fair price. It's dry and sturdy in tannins, with berry, cherry, tobacco and spice flavors. END
START HERE The nose on this pink-tinted rosé is mostly fresh, with hints of talcum powder and strawberry. The palate is starting to fade a bit, with heft and grabbiness setting in. Cherry is the key flavor, while the finish is weighty. Drink immediately or wait for the 2013.', "Bring on the pizza, pasta and barbecue. Here's a good everyday red at a fair price. It's dry and sturdy in tannins, with berry, cherry, tobacco and spice flavors.", "A spray of lime pith mingles with white florals on the nose and palate of Prejean's Dry Riesling. It's dry on the palate, but softened considerably by a gorgeously concentrated apricot and white peach fruit profile. END
START HERE Bring on the pizza, pasta and barbecue. Here's a good everyday red at a fair price. It's dry and sturdy in tannins, with berry, cherry, tobacco and spice flavors.", "A spray of lime pith mingles with white florals on the nose and palate of Prejean's Dry Riesling. It's dry on the palate, but softened considerably by a gorgeously concentrated apricot and white peach fruit profile.", 'Aromas of vanilla, marshmallow and milk chocolate dominate subtle berry scents. This feels grabby, creamy and medium in body, with pushy flavors of clove and woodspice leading generic black-fruit notes. For basic Malbec, this is quite oaky. END
START HERE A spray of lime pith mingles with white florals on the nose and palate of Prejean's Dry Riesling. It's dry on the palate, but softened considerably by a gorgeously concentrated apricot and white peach fruit profile.", 'Aromas of vanilla, marshmallow and milk chocolate dominate subtle berry scents. This feels grabby, creamy and medium in body, with pushy flavors of clove and woodspice leading generic black-fruit notes. For basic Malbec, this is quite oaky.', 'Round, yeasty aromas of vanilla cookie overshadow mild melon notes. This is chunky on the palate, with low acidity. Bland apple and white grapefruit flavors finish without much acidic push. END
START HERE Aromas of vanilla, marshmallow and milk chocolate dominate subtle berry scents. This feels grabby, creamy and medium in body, with pushy flavors of clove and woodspice leading generic black-fruit notes. For basic Malbec, this is quite oaky.', 'Round, yeasty aromas of vanilla cookie overshadow mild melon notes. This is chunky on the palate, with low acidity. Bland apple and white grapefruit flavors finish without much acidic push.', "Rasula shows ripe aromas of blackberry and prune with lingering tones of spice and leather in the background. It's a simple value wine with a chewy, rich mouthfeel. END
START HERE Round, yeasty aromas of vanilla cookie overshadow mild melon notes. This is chunky on the palate, with low acidity. Bland apple and white grapefruit flavors finish without much acidic push.', "Rasula shows ripe aromas of blackberry and prune with lingering tones of spice and leather in the background. It's a simple value wine with a chewy, rich mouthfeel.", 'Crafted to be very broadly appealing, but well done in that category, this bottling shows ginger, toffee and malted milk scents followed by watermelon candy and fig flavors. Medium-to-full bodied, with a hint of sweetness and a finish on fast fade. Drink up. END
START HERE Rasula shows ripe aromas of blackberry and prune with lingering tones of spice and leather in the background. It's a simple value wine with a chewy, rich mouthfeel.", 'Crafted to be very broadly appealing, but well done in that category, this bottling shows ginger, toffee and malted milk scents followed by watermelon candy and fig flavors. Medium-to-full bodied, with a hint of sweetness and a finish on fast fade. Drink up.', 'Herbal berry aromas shift to outright green, horsey and soapy. This has no mouthfeel to speak of, and it tastes weedy and a bit spoiled. A minty, green finish is no savior. END
START HERE Crafted to be very broadly appealing, but well done in that category, this bottling shows ginger, toffee and malted milk scents followed by watermelon candy and fig flavors. Medium-to-full bodied, with a hint of sweetness and a finish on fast fade. Drink up.', 'Herbal berry aromas shift to outright green, horsey and soapy. This has no mouthfeel to speak of, and it tastes weedy and a bit spoiled. A minty, green finish is no savior.', 'Hailing from coastal Leyda, this wine has a bouquet that comes with an oceanic edge, plus grass and green fruit aromas. The palate is crisp and lively, with good acidity bolstering citrus, lychee, melon and grass flavors. The finish is cleansing. END
START HERE Herbal berry aromas shift to outright green, horsey and soapy. This has no mouthfeel to speak of, and it tastes weedy and a bit spoiled. A minty, green finish is no savior.', 'Hailing from coastal Leyda, this wine has a bouquet that comes with an oceanic edge, plus grass and green fruit aromas. The palate is crisp and lively, with good acidity bolstering citrus, lychee, melon and grass flavors. The finish is cleansing.', 'Sweet, tannic and superfruity, this blend of Dolcetto, Zin, Merlot, Tempranillo and Carignane is rustic and clean. With its flood of blackberry, cherry, chocolate and spice flavors, it will happily wash down simple fare, like cheeseburgers. END
START HERE Hailing from coastal Leyda, this wine has a bouquet that comes with an oceanic edge, plus grass and green fruit aromas. The palate is crisp and lively, with good acidity bolstering citrus, lychee, melon and grass flavors. The finish is cleansing.', 'Sweet, tannic and superfruity, this blend of Dolcetto, Zin, Merlot, Tempranillo and Carignane is rustic and clean. With its flood of blackberry, cherry, chocolate and spice flavors, it will happily wash down simple fare, like cheeseburgers.', 'Toasted oak and cardamom aromas give way to powerful oaky flavors on the palate, where maple, stewed plum and toasted bread flavors accompany a soft, easy texture. END
START HERE Sweet, tannic and superfruity, this blend of Dolcetto, Zin, Merlot, Tempranillo and Carignane is rustic and clean. With its flood of blackberry, cherry, chocolate and spice flavors, it will happily wash down simple fare, like cheeseburgers.', 'Toasted oak and cardamom aromas give way to powerful oaky flavors on the palate, where maple, stewed plum and toasted bread flavors accompany a soft, easy texture.', "Made in an off-dry style, this Riesling has honeyed flavors of a fruit juice blend of oranges, peaches and apples. It's simple, but crisp acidity contributes vital balance. END
START HERE Toasted oak and cardamom aromas give way to powerful oaky flavors on the palate, where maple, stewed plum and toasted bread flavors accompany a soft, easy texture.', "Made in an off-dry style, this Riesling has honeyed flavors of a fruit juice blend of oranges, peaches and apples. It's simple, but crisp acidity contributes vital balance.", "A nose of mild green fruits is prickly and dances, while the palate offers minerality and pithy lime and other green fruit flavors. Finishes with consistent green fruit notes, dryness and a hint of bell pepper. Doesn't blow you away but delivers most of what Chilean SB is known for. END
START HERE Made in an off-dry style, this Riesling has honeyed flavors of a fruit juice blend of oranges, peaches and apples. It's simple, but crisp acidity contributes vital balance.", "A nose of mild green fruits is prickly and dances, while the palate offers minerality and pithy lime and other green fruit flavors. Finishes with consistent green fruit notes, dryness and a hint of bell pepper. Doesn't blow you away but delivers most of what Chilean SB is known for.", 'Butter, pear and baking spice aromas are followed by a rounded palate with sweet fruit flavors. Pair it with baked chicken. END
START HERE A nose of mild green fruits is prickly and dances, while the palate offers minerality and pithy lime and other green fruit flavors. Finishes with consistent green fruit notes, dryness and a hint of bell pepper. Doesn't blow you away but delivers most of what Chilean SB is known for.", 'Butter, pear and baking spice aromas are followed by a rounded palate with sweet fruit flavors. Pair it with baked chicken.', "The aromas of basil, blueberry and char aren't entirely in harmony on this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Syrah and Cabernet Franc. The fruit flavors come together better, sweet and palate-coating with a pleasing intensity. END
START HERE Butter, pear and baking spice aromas are followed by a rounded palate with sweet fruit flavors. Pair it with baked chicken.', "The aromas of basil, blueberry and char aren't entirely in harmony on this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Syrah and Cabernet Franc. The fruit flavors come together better, sweet and palate-coating with a pleasing intensity.", "A juicy, ready-to-drink Merlot for this evening's dinner table. Sweet black-cherry fruit is accented by just a dash of sweet peppers. END
START HERE The aromas of basil, blueberry and char aren't entirely in harmony on this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Syrah and Cabernet Franc. The fruit flavors come together better, sweet and palate-coating with a pleasing intensity.", "A juicy, ready-to-drink Merlot for this evening's dinner table. Sweet black-cherry fruit is accented by just a dash of sweet peppers.", 'This vintage is light in color with perfumed fruit and attractive red currant and orange fruit. It is floral, touched by raspberries as well as a strong streak of acidity. This refreshing wine is ready to drink. END
START HERE A juicy, ready-to-drink Merlot for this evening's dinner table. Sweet black-cherry fruit is accented by just a dash of sweet peppers.", 'This vintage is light in color with perfumed fruit and attractive red currant and orange fruit. It is floral, touched by raspberries as well as a strong streak of acidity. This refreshing wine is ready to drink.', "A strong blast of oak comes across as resin and clove, and thus the wood doesn't augment but instead takes away from the fruit. Speaking of fruit, it's jumpy and tangy, with a finish that tastes of green olives. Overall it doesn't show proper balance or full development. END
START HERE This vintage is light in color with perfumed fruit and attractive red currant and orange fruit. It is floral, touched by raspberries as well as a strong streak of acidity. This refreshing wine is ready to drink.', "A strong blast of oak comes across as resin and clove, and thus the wood doesn't augment but instead takes away from the fruit. Speaking of fruit, it's jumpy and tangy, with a finish that tastes of green olives. Overall it doesn't show proper balance or full development.", "Way too sweet and soft to qualify as a dry table wine. Okay for big parties where everyone's drinking happily from paper cups. END
START HERE A strong blast of oak comes across as resin and clove, and thus the wood doesn't augment but instead takes away from the fruit. Speaking of fruit, it's jumpy and tangy, with a finish that tastes of green olives. Overall it doesn't show proper balance or full development.", "Way too sweet and soft to qualify as a dry table wine. Okay for big parties where everyone's drinking happily from paper cups.", 'This is a very light Pinot Noir. The tannins are soft, as you’d expect, and the flavors tend toward sun-dried tomatoes, herbs and hard spices, with a suggestion of plums, but otherwise there’s not much fruit. It’s a country-style wine, rugged and rough around the edges. END
START HERE Way too sweet and soft to qualify as a dry table wine. Okay for big parties where everyone's drinking happily from paper cups.", 'This is a very light Pinot Noir. The tannins are soft, as you’d expect, and the flavors tend toward sun-dried tomatoes, herbs and hard spices, with a suggestion of plums, but otherwise there’s not much fruit. It’s a country-style wine, rugged and rough around the edges.', 'Aromas of olive, green herbs, mixed spices and black plum set up a full, grabby palate. Flavors of generic black fruits, bitter herbs and eucalyptus finish minty and leafy, with weight and cushion. END
START HERE This is a very light Pinot Noir. The tannins are soft, as you’d expect, and the flavors tend toward sun-dried tomatoes, herbs and hard spices, with a suggestion of plums, but otherwise there’s not much fruit. It’s a country-style wine, rugged and rough around the edges.', 'Aromas of olive, green herbs, mixed spices and black plum set up a full, grabby palate. Flavors of generic black fruits, bitter herbs and eucalyptus finish minty and leafy, with weight and cushion.', "A thick wine that doesn't bring the ripeness, sweetness and balance that's necessary. The nose is filled with milk chocolate, mint and cough syrup, while the palate is surprisingly tangy and sharp, with cranberry and wild raspberry flavors. END
START HERE Aromas of olive, green herbs, mixed spices and black plum set up a full, grabby palate. Flavors of generic black fruits, bitter herbs and eucalyptus finish minty and leafy, with weight and cushion.', "A thick wine that doesn't bring the ripeness, sweetness and balance that's necessary. The nose is filled with milk chocolate, mint and cough syrup, while the palate is surprisingly tangy and sharp, with cranberry and wild raspberry flavors.", "This rounded, wood-aged wine has just the right amount of structure and delicious acidity to accompany the full red- and black-berry notes. It's refreshing, while still concentrated and age worthy. END
START HERE A thick wine that doesn't bring the ripeness, sweetness and balance that's necessary. The nose is filled with milk chocolate, mint and cough syrup, while the palate is surprisingly tangy and sharp, with cranberry and wild raspberry flavors.", "This rounded, wood-aged wine has just the right amount of structure and delicious acidity to accompany the full red- and black-berry notes. It's refreshing, while still concentrated and age worthy.", "Aromas of roast plum and earth are a bit nutty and muddled, but overall this is a likable and slick wine with soft tannins and ripe candied-fruit flavors. With lushness and cola on the finish, it ends a bit syrupy and sweet. Good but not what you'd call refined or elevated. END
START HERE This rounded, wood-aged wine has just the right amount of structure and delicious acidity to accompany the full red- and black-berry notes. It's refreshing, while still concentrated and age worthy.", "Aromas of roast plum and earth are a bit nutty and muddled, but overall this is a likable and slick wine with soft tannins and ripe candied-fruit flavors. With lushness and cola on the finish, it ends a bit syrupy and sweet. Good but not what you'd call refined or elevated.", 'This easygoing blend of 70% Sangiovese, 15% Cabernet Sauvignon and 15% Merlot is ribbed with black-skinned fruit and baking spice aromas. The palate is soft and simple, offering suggestions of red plum and a touch of white pepper. Drink now. END
START HERE Aromas of roast plum and earth are a bit nutty and muddled, but overall this is a likable and slick wine with soft tannins and ripe candied-fruit flavors. With lushness and cola on the finish, it ends a bit syrupy and sweet. Good but not what you'd call refined or elevated.", 'This easygoing blend of 70% Sangiovese, 15% Cabernet Sauvignon and 15% Merlot is ribbed with black-skinned fruit and baking spice aromas. The palate is soft and simple, offering suggestions of red plum and a touch of white pepper. Drink now.', "There is nothing wimpy about this Bordeaux-style blend except the price. It way over-delivers, loading your palate with full-bodied, fruit-powered flavors of strawberry and raspberry jam, bolstered with bracing acidity. It's balanced and complete, with crisp, ripe tannins. END
START HERE This easygoing blend of 70% Sangiovese, 15% Cabernet Sauvignon and 15% Merlot is ribbed with black-skinned fruit and baking spice aromas. The palate is soft and simple, offering suggestions of red plum and a touch of white pepper. Drink now.', "There is nothing wimpy about this Bordeaux-style blend except the price. It way over-delivers, loading your palate with full-bodied, fruit-powered flavors of strawberry and raspberry jam, bolstered with bracing acidity. It's balanced and complete, with crisp, ripe tannins.", 'The bouquet offers a dose of toast to go with a standard baked-apple flavor, and the mouthfeel is plump and easy. Flavors of baked apple and pear are friendly and round, while the medium-length finish delivers touches of vanilla and caramel. Good for Maule Chardonnay. END
START HERE There is nothing wimpy about this Bordeaux-style blend except the price. It way over-delivers, loading your palate with full-bodied, fruit-powered flavors of strawberry and raspberry jam, bolstered with bracing acidity. It's balanced and complete, with crisp, ripe tannins.", 'The bouquet offers a dose of toast to go with a standard baked-apple flavor, and the mouthfeel is plump and easy. Flavors of baked apple and pear are friendly and round, while the medium-length finish delivers touches of vanilla and caramel. Good for Maule Chardonnay.', 'This French-run estate (the family is involved with Gosset Champagne and Cointreau liqueurs) has produced a stunning Chardonnay. Big on creamy fruit and nutty, buttery flavors, this wine pairs toast, acidity and ripe fruit in a fine, complex balance. Best Buy. END
START HERE The bouquet offers a dose of toast to go with a standard baked-apple flavor, and the mouthfeel is plump and easy. Flavors of baked apple and pear are friendly and round, while the medium-length finish delivers touches of vanilla and caramel. Good for Maule Chardonnay.', 'This French-run estate (the family is involved with Gosset Champagne and Cointreau liqueurs) has produced a stunning Chardonnay. Big on creamy fruit and nutty, buttery flavors, this wine pairs toast, acidity and ripe fruit in a fine, complex balance. Best Buy.', 'This mild-tasting and light-bodied wine has a transparent pink color, muted fruity aromas and generic flavors. The texture is smooth and rather soft. END
START HERE This French-run estate (the family is involved with Gosset Champagne and Cointreau liqueurs) has produced a stunning Chardonnay. Big on creamy fruit and nutty, buttery flavors, this wine pairs toast, acidity and ripe fruit in a fine, complex balance. Best Buy.', 'This mild-tasting and light-bodied wine has a transparent pink color, muted fruity aromas and generic flavors. The texture is smooth and rather soft.', 'Rough conflicted aromas of horseradish, beets and horse hide lead to a hard grabby palate that feels sticky and tannic. The heavy oak blends with stewed herbal black-fruit flavors before a scratchy tannic finish. END
START HERE This mild-tasting and light-bodied wine has a transparent pink color, muted fruity aromas and generic flavors. The texture is smooth and rather soft.', 'Rough conflicted aromas of horseradish, beets and horse hide lead to a hard grabby palate that feels sticky and tannic. The heavy oak blends with stewed herbal black-fruit flavors before a scratchy tannic finish.', "Some producer in Carneros didn't want the wine that went into this negociant's ‘07 Syrah, to judge by its quality. Lucky for Cameron Hughes. It's a fine wine, full-bodied and dry, with spicy flavors of currants, teriaki beef, black pepper and cola, with a bracing minerality that grounds the richness. Could be more concentrated, but it's a very great value. END
START HERE Rough conflicted aromas of horseradish, beets and horse hide lead to a hard grabby palate that feels sticky and tannic. The heavy oak blends with stewed herbal black-fruit flavors before a scratchy tannic finish.', "Some producer in Carneros didn't want the wine that went into this negociant's ‘07 Syrah, to judge by its quality. Lucky for Cameron Hughes. It's a fine wine, full-bodied and dry, with spicy flavors of currants, teriaki beef, black pepper and cola, with a bracing minerality that grounds the richness. Could be more concentrated, but it's a very great value.", "A ripe but lively wine, from this master of Chardonnay. Danie de Wet's entry point wine is full, fat and toasty but also has fresh, green fruit flavors and a layer of cinammon and tropical fruits. It is great Chardonnay, delicious and tasty. Best Buy. END
START HERE Some producer in Carneros didn't want the wine that went into this negociant's ‘07 Syrah, to judge by its quality. Lucky for Cameron Hughes. It's a fine wine, full-bodied and dry, with spicy flavors of currants, teriaki beef, black pepper and cola, with a bracing minerality that grounds the richness. Could be more concentrated, but it's a very great value.", "A ripe but lively wine, from this master of Chardonnay. Danie de Wet's entry point wine is full, fat and toasty but also has fresh, green fruit flavors and a layer of cinammon and tropical fruits. It is great Chardonnay, delicious and tasty. Best Buy.", 'Chunky and murky on the nose, with melon and papaya aromas. Feels round but light in the center, with vanilla, pear and melon flavors. Fleshy and simple on the finish. END
START HERE A ripe but lively wine, from this master of Chardonnay. Danie de Wet's entry point wine is full, fat and toasty but also has fresh, green fruit flavors and a layer of cinammon and tropical fruits. It is great Chardonnay, delicious and tasty. Best Buy.", 'Chunky and murky on the nose, with melon and papaya aromas. Feels round but light in the center, with vanilla, pear and melon flavors. Fleshy and simple on the finish.', 'This is a stalky light wine. With black-currant fruit and layers of intense acidity, it is fruity with a cool crisp aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE Chunky and murky on the nose, with melon and papaya aromas. Feels round but light in the center, with vanilla, pear and melon flavors. Fleshy and simple on the finish.', 'This is a stalky light wine. With black-currant fruit and layers of intense acidity, it is fruity with a cool crisp aftertaste. Drink now.', "Vibrant and concentrated, this light-bodied wine is one of the best of the flamboyantly packaged La Catrina line so far. Packed with vivid fruit flavor, it's lightly sweet but nicely balanced by fresh acidity and flavors like citrus and apple. END
START HERE This is a stalky light wine. With black-currant fruit and layers of intense acidity, it is fruity with a cool crisp aftertaste. Drink now.', "Vibrant and concentrated, this light-bodied wine is one of the best of the flamboyantly packaged La Catrina line so far. Packed with vivid fruit flavor, it's lightly sweet but nicely balanced by fresh acidity and flavors like citrus and apple.", 'This is light, fruity and just off dry. It has bright red fruits and crisp acidity, softened by a gentle aftertaste. The wine, pure Gamay, is ready to drink. END
START HERE Vibrant and concentrated, this light-bodied wine is one of the best of the flamboyantly packaged La Catrina line so far. Packed with vivid fruit flavor, it's lightly sweet but nicely balanced by fresh acidity and flavors like citrus and apple.", 'This is light, fruity and just off dry. It has bright red fruits and crisp acidity, softened by a gentle aftertaste. The wine, pure Gamay, is ready to drink.', 'Honest Sauvignon aromas of citrus and grapefruit set out the welcome mat. The palate follows suit with varietally correct grapefruit and lime flavors, while the finish shows club soda and other drying aspects. Not a world-beater but a pleasing wine. END
START HERE This is light, fruity and just off dry. It has bright red fruits and crisp acidity, softened by a gentle aftertaste. The wine, pure Gamay, is ready to drink.', 'Honest Sauvignon aromas of citrus and grapefruit set out the welcome mat. The palate follows suit with varietally correct grapefruit and lime flavors, while the finish shows club soda and other drying aspects. Not a world-beater but a pleasing wine.', "Made for Oops by VIA Wines, this oddball Chardonnay features 14% white Carmenère, meaning there's red fruit (without the skins) added to the blend to give bulk and texture. The result is a slightly waxy, sticky white with peach pit aromas followed by basic apple and citrus flavors. You don't taste any red fruit, but you do know that it's not 100% varietal Chardonnay. Drink now. END
START HERE Honest Sauvignon aromas of citrus and grapefruit set out the welcome mat. The palate follows suit with varietally correct grapefruit and lime flavors, while the finish shows club soda and other drying aspects. Not a world-beater but a pleasing wine.', "Made for Oops by VIA Wines, this oddball Chardonnay features 14% white Carmenère, meaning there's red fruit (without the skins) added to the blend to give bulk and texture. The result is a slightly waxy, sticky white with peach pit aromas followed by basic apple and citrus flavors. You don't taste any red fruit, but you do know that it's not 100% varietal Chardonnay. Drink now.", "Clean and well made, but underwhelming. There's basic blueberry and blackberry flavors riding on a medium-bodied palate, but overall the wine is more generic than specific. It's easygoing and causes no red flags to go up, however at the end of the day it doesn't show much personality. END
START HERE Made for Oops by VIA Wines, this oddball Chardonnay features 14% white Carmenère, meaning there's red fruit (without the skins) added to the blend to give bulk and texture. The result is a slightly waxy, sticky white with peach pit aromas followed by basic apple and citrus flavors. You don't taste any red fruit, but you do know that it's not 100% varietal Chardonnay. Drink now.", "Clean and well made, but underwhelming. There's basic blueberry and blackberry flavors riding on a medium-bodied palate, but overall the wine is more generic than specific. It's easygoing and causes no red flags to go up, however at the end of the day it doesn't show much personality.", 'Light to medium in body, crisp and grassy in style, this is a solid choice for the money. Pineapple and passion fruit peek through the herbal overtones. Drink now. END
START HERE Clean and well made, but underwhelming. There's basic blueberry and blackberry flavors riding on a medium-bodied palate, but overall the wine is more generic than specific. It's easygoing and causes no red flags to go up, however at the end of the day it doesn't show much personality.", 'Light to medium in body, crisp and grassy in style, this is a solid choice for the money. Pineapple and passion fruit peek through the herbal overtones. Drink now.', 'An earthy aroma comes from this vivid dark red wine. It is gently soft, not quite dry and with black-plum fruits. The aftertaste is soft, very fruity and ready to drink. END
START HERE Light to medium in body, crisp and grassy in style, this is a solid choice for the money. Pineapple and passion fruit peek through the herbal overtones. Drink now.', 'An earthy aroma comes from this vivid dark red wine. It is gently soft, not quite dry and with black-plum fruits. The aftertaste is soft, very fruity and ready to drink.', 'Sweet-seeming fruit and maple flavors give a candy-like quality to this medium-bodied, ripe and soft wine. The vanilla and maple flavors meld nicely with rich raspberry and sweet cherry notes. END
START HERE An earthy aroma comes from this vivid dark red wine. It is gently soft, not quite dry and with black-plum fruits. The aftertaste is soft, very fruity and ready to drink.', 'Sweet-seeming fruit and maple flavors give a candy-like quality to this medium-bodied, ripe and soft wine. The vanilla and maple flavors meld nicely with rich raspberry and sweet cherry notes.', 'Herbal aromas teeter on herbaceous, with bell pepper, rosemary and thyme scents running on top of raspberry and rhubarb. This is full bodied and a bit oaky tasting, with campfire, herbal berry and roasted flavors. A hot finish with bacon, mint and toast is the close. END
START HERE Sweet-seeming fruit and maple flavors give a candy-like quality to this medium-bodied, ripe and soft wine. The vanilla and maple flavors meld nicely with rich raspberry and sweet cherry notes.', 'Herbal aromas teeter on herbaceous, with bell pepper, rosemary and thyme scents running on top of raspberry and rhubarb. This is full bodied and a bit oaky tasting, with campfire, herbal berry and roasted flavors. A hot finish with bacon, mint and toast is the close.', "This unoaked Chardonnay showcases delicious pristine mango, peach and apricot flavors. Approachable and uncomplicated, it's a fruit-forward yet refreshingly structured wine for everyday pleasure. Drink now through 2019. END
START HERE Herbal aromas teeter on herbaceous, with bell pepper, rosemary and thyme scents running on top of raspberry and rhubarb. This is full bodied and a bit oaky tasting, with campfire, herbal berry and roasted flavors. A hot finish with bacon, mint and toast is the close.', "This unoaked Chardonnay showcases delicious pristine mango, peach and apricot flavors. Approachable and uncomplicated, it's a fruit-forward yet refreshingly structured wine for everyday pleasure. Drink now through 2019.", 'The ripasso technique consists of passing the already completed “normal” Valpolicella back over the lees of the Amarone in the spring after vinification of the latter is complete. This results in a minor refermentation, adding extra alcohol and flavor. If the latter occurred in this particular version, it is not very evident. There is a modest amount of dry fruit present, but the mouth-searing acids and mouth-drying tannins hurt this wine. END
START HERE This unoaked Chardonnay showcases delicious pristine mango, peach and apricot flavors. Approachable and uncomplicated, it's a fruit-forward yet refreshingly structured wine for everyday pleasure. Drink now through 2019.", 'The ripasso technique consists of passing the already completed “normal” Valpolicella back over the lees of the Amarone in the spring after vinification of the latter is complete. This results in a minor refermentation, adding extra alcohol and flavor. If the latter occurred in this particular version, it is not very evident. There is a modest amount of dry fruit present, but the mouth-searing acids and mouth-drying tannins hurt this wine.', 'Fairly simple Chardonnay, with toned-down fruit, cream, sweet buttered toast and vanilla flavors. The price is fair for what you get. END
START HERE The ripasso technique consists of passing the already completed “normal” Valpolicella back over the lees of the Amarone in the spring after vinification of the latter is complete. This results in a minor refermentation, adding extra alcohol and flavor. If the latter occurred in this particular version, it is not very evident. There is a modest amount of dry fruit present, but the mouth-searing acids and mouth-drying tannins hurt this wine.', 'Fairly simple Chardonnay, with toned-down fruit, cream, sweet buttered toast and vanilla flavors. The price is fair for what you get.', 'Aromas of sweet red berries, dried fruits and herbs open this light, accessible wine from Israel. The tone of the fruit seems to shift between a tart rhubarb and a slightly candied quality. Cherry notes show on the lean and dry back end. END
START HERE Fairly simple Chardonnay, with toned-down fruit, cream, sweet buttered toast and vanilla flavors. The price is fair for what you get.', 'Aromas of sweet red berries, dried fruits and herbs open this light, accessible wine from Israel. The tone of the fruit seems to shift between a tart rhubarb and a slightly candied quality. Cherry notes show on the lean and dry back end.', "Pineapple and mango aromas mix with notes of baking spices. The flavors show a fine sense of balance, tapering toward the finish. It's oak driven at times but provides a lot of enjoyment. END
START HERE Aromas of sweet red berries, dried fruits and herbs open this light, accessible wine from Israel. The tone of the fruit seems to shift between a tart rhubarb and a slightly candied quality. Cherry notes show on the lean and dry back end.', "Pineapple and mango aromas mix with notes of baking spices. The flavors show a fine sense of balance, tapering toward the finish. It's oak driven at times but provides a lot of enjoyment.", 'Very crisp, and loaded with tart green apples and lemons, this would be an ideal match for light fish or shellfish dishes. This is what unadulterated cool-climate Chardonnay tastes like. END
START HERE Pineapple and mango aromas mix with notes of baking spices. The flavors show a fine sense of balance, tapering toward the finish. It's oak driven at times but provides a lot of enjoyment.", 'Very crisp, and loaded with tart green apples and lemons, this would be an ideal match for light fish or shellfish dishes. This is what unadulterated cool-climate Chardonnay tastes like.', 'Citric smelling, with clipped aromas of berry fruits. Choppy tannins, heat and raisiny, sweet, cooked berry flavors and stemmy notes finish herbal tasting but full in feel. END
START HERE Very crisp, and loaded with tart green apples and lemons, this would be an ideal match for light fish or shellfish dishes. This is what unadulterated cool-climate Chardonnay tastes like.', 'Citric smelling, with clipped aromas of berry fruits. Choppy tannins, heat and raisiny, sweet, cooked berry flavors and stemmy notes finish herbal tasting but full in feel.', "There's nothing too tricky about this dilute, mealy smelling Sauvignon Blanc that's blended with 10% Carmenère for a reason we can't explain. With drawing white-grape tannins, this tastes green and citrusy, with a scallion note to the finish. END
START HERE Citric smelling, with clipped aromas of berry fruits. Choppy tannins, heat and raisiny, sweet, cooked berry flavors and stemmy notes finish herbal tasting but full in feel.', "There's nothing too tricky about this dilute, mealy smelling Sauvignon Blanc that's blended with 10% Carmenère for a reason we can't explain. With drawing white-grape tannins, this tastes green and citrusy, with a scallion note to the finish.", "Some hard scratchiness on the nose announces that this has power and isn't generic. Additional scents of leather, olive and roasted berry are typical for a Maipo Cab. In the mouth, it's on stride and fresh, while flavors of earth, vanilla and carob accent generic berry and cassis. END
START HERE There's nothing too tricky about this dilute, mealy smelling Sauvignon Blanc that's blended with 10% Carmenère for a reason we can't explain. With drawing white-grape tannins, this tastes green and citrusy, with a scallion note to the finish.", "Some hard scratchiness on the nose announces that this has power and isn't generic. Additional scents of leather, olive and roasted berry are typical for a Maipo Cab. In the mouth, it's on stride and fresh, while flavors of earth, vanilla and carob accent generic berry and cassis.", "There's an honesty to this Zin. It is an upfront, robust wine to drink now with pleasure. Peppery, it has solid flavors of wild berries, currants, crisped bacon and pepper. END
START HERE Some hard scratchiness on the nose announces that this has power and isn't generic. Additional scents of leather, olive and roasted berry are typical for a Maipo Cab. In the mouth, it's on stride and fresh, while flavors of earth, vanilla and carob accent generic berry and cassis.", "There's an honesty to this Zin. It is an upfront, robust wine to drink now with pleasure. Peppery, it has solid flavors of wild berries, currants, crisped bacon and pepper.", 'The wine is ripe and perfumed. It suffers from high alcohol that comes through in the peppery edge to the otherwise full-bodied black fruits. The wine is balanced, now mature and with an intense juicy aftertaste. END
START HERE There's an honesty to this Zin. It is an upfront, robust wine to drink now with pleasure. Peppery, it has solid flavors of wild berries, currants, crisped bacon and pepper.", 'The wine is ripe and perfumed. It suffers from high alcohol that comes through in the peppery edge to the otherwise full-bodied black fruits. The wine is balanced, now mature and with an intense juicy aftertaste.', 'Simple and forward but good in varietal character, with the flavors of black cherry jelly, mint and cola. Finishes dry and crisp. END
START HERE The wine is ripe and perfumed. It suffers from high alcohol that comes through in the peppery edge to the otherwise full-bodied black fruits. The wine is balanced, now mature and with an intense juicy aftertaste.', 'Simple and forward but good in varietal character, with the flavors of black cherry jelly, mint and cola. Finishes dry and crisp.', 'Cline delivers a juicy and inviting refresher here, pretty in pink salmon color and ripe in raspberry and plum flavors that flood the midpalate and finish dry. This is a great bargain sipping wine that will bring a taste of spring to your autumn table. END
START HERE Simple and forward but good in varietal character, with the flavors of black cherry jelly, mint and cola. Finishes dry and crisp.', 'Cline delivers a juicy and inviting refresher here, pretty in pink salmon color and ripe in raspberry and plum flavors that flood the midpalate and finish dry. This is a great bargain sipping wine that will bring a taste of spring to your autumn table.', "Dark, gummy and full of heavily applied green oak, this wine has a candied, murky, resiny persona. And that's too bad, because it has potential; yet the tannins, wood resin, mesquite and beefy black fruit are all too dominant and thus it never settles or shows much harmony. END
START HERE Cline delivers a juicy and inviting refresher here, pretty in pink salmon color and ripe in raspberry and plum flavors that flood the midpalate and finish dry. This is a great bargain sipping wine that will bring a taste of spring to your autumn table.', "Dark, gummy and full of heavily applied green oak, this wine has a candied, murky, resiny persona. And that's too bad, because it has potential; yet the tannins, wood resin, mesquite and beefy black fruit are all too dominant and thus it never settles or shows much harmony.", 'The aromas of melon, crème brûlée and baked apple are fresh and inviting. The palate brings sweet, elegant stone-fruit and kiwi flavors that extend through the finish. END
START HERE Dark, gummy and full of heavily applied green oak, this wine has a candied, murky, resiny persona. And that's too bad, because it has potential; yet the tannins, wood resin, mesquite and beefy black fruit are all too dominant and thus it never settles or shows much harmony.", 'The aromas of melon, crème brûlée and baked apple are fresh and inviting. The palate brings sweet, elegant stone-fruit and kiwi flavors that extend through the finish.', 'Aromas include jammy strawberry and grassy green beans. The wine is lean in the mouth, with tart citrus and green-leaning red-fruit flavors. It finishes without complexity. END
START HERE The aromas of melon, crème brûlée and baked apple are fresh and inviting. The palate brings sweet, elegant stone-fruit and kiwi flavors that extend through the finish.', 'Aromas include jammy strawberry and grassy green beans. The wine is lean in the mouth, with tart citrus and green-leaning red-fruit flavors. It finishes without complexity.', 'Stalky, leathery aromas suggest cooked fruit rater than freshness. This is normal in feel, while the flavor profile settles on rubbery, roasted, stalky berry fruits. Mild bitterness combines with earthiness on the finish. END
START HERE Aromas include jammy strawberry and grassy green beans. The wine is lean in the mouth, with tart citrus and green-leaning red-fruit flavors. It finishes without complexity.', 'Stalky, leathery aromas suggest cooked fruit rater than freshness. This is normal in feel, while the flavor profile settles on rubbery, roasted, stalky berry fruits. Mild bitterness combines with earthiness on the finish.', "The winery's first vintage of Chardonnay from this site, it doesn't quite seem to have fully ripened but still offers some enjoyment with light flavors of herbs, apple and vanilla paired with a creamy feel and a tart finish. END
START HERE Stalky, leathery aromas suggest cooked fruit rater than freshness. This is normal in feel, while the flavor profile settles on rubbery, roasted, stalky berry fruits. Mild bitterness combines with earthiness on the finish.', "The winery's first vintage of Chardonnay from this site, it doesn't quite seem to have fully ripened but still offers some enjoyment with light flavors of herbs, apple and vanilla paired with a creamy feel and a tart finish.", 'Berry and plum aromas are ripe and woody, with a note of sawdust appearing on the nose. This has zest and zing on the palate, along with creamy weight, while flavors of toast, wood resin and baked blackberries finish smoky and plump. END
START HERE The winery's first vintage of Chardonnay from this site, it doesn't quite seem to have fully ripened but still offers some enjoyment with light flavors of herbs, apple and vanilla paired with a creamy feel and a tart finish.", 'Berry and plum aromas are ripe and woody, with a note of sawdust appearing on the nose. This has zest and zing on the palate, along with creamy weight, while flavors of toast, wood resin and baked blackberries finish smoky and plump.', 'Earthy, rubbery red-berry aromas lead to a hard-drilling palate with fiery cherry flavors and an allotment of herbal mint. The hollow finish leaves a salty flavor and heat. END
START HERE Berry and plum aromas are ripe and woody, with a note of sawdust appearing on the nose. This has zest and zing on the palate, along with creamy weight, while flavors of toast, wood resin and baked blackberries finish smoky and plump.', 'Earthy, rubbery red-berry aromas lead to a hard-drilling palate with fiery cherry flavors and an allotment of herbal mint. The hollow finish leaves a salty flavor and heat.', 'A surprisingly tasty and well-balanced Pinot for this price category, this smells lightly spicy and ripely fruity. It feels smooth but not overly soft in texture and has lively, delicious fruit flavors. END
START HERE Earthy, rubbery red-berry aromas lead to a hard-drilling palate with fiery cherry flavors and an allotment of herbal mint. The hollow finish leaves a salty flavor and heat.', 'A surprisingly tasty and well-balanced Pinot for this price category, this smells lightly spicy and ripely fruity. It feels smooth but not overly soft in texture and has lively, delicious fruit flavors.', 'Solid but flat aromas of olive and leafy berry fruits introduce a midland palate of moderate bounce and average body. Raspberry, plum, currant and herbal flavors finish fresh, but also woody and slightly bitter in taste. END
START HERE A surprisingly tasty and well-balanced Pinot for this price category, this smells lightly spicy and ripely fruity. It feels smooth but not overly soft in texture and has lively, delicious fruit flavors.', 'Solid but flat aromas of olive and leafy berry fruits introduce a midland palate of moderate bounce and average body. Raspberry, plum, currant and herbal flavors finish fresh, but also woody and slightly bitter in taste.', 'Dry, leafy, spicy aromas have a perfumed accent. A pushy, forward-feeling palate houses similar oaky flavors of cherry. On the finish, it turns woody, with resiny flavors and drawing tannins. END
START HERE Solid but flat aromas of olive and leafy berry fruits introduce a midland palate of moderate bounce and average body. Raspberry, plum, currant and herbal flavors finish fresh, but also woody and slightly bitter in taste.', 'Dry, leafy, spicy aromas have a perfumed accent. A pushy, forward-feeling palate houses similar oaky flavors of cherry. On the finish, it turns woody, with resiny flavors and drawing tannins.', 'Very much a food wine, this has a strong tannic element as well as red-plum flavors. It is rich, dry and full bodied showing a touch of pepper at the end. END
START HERE Dry, leafy, spicy aromas have a perfumed accent. A pushy, forward-feeling palate houses similar oaky flavors of cherry. On the finish, it turns woody, with resiny flavors and drawing tannins.', 'Very much a food wine, this has a strong tannic element as well as red-plum flavors. It is rich, dry and full bodied showing a touch of pepper at the end.', 'This is a heavily Merlot dominated wine, hence the high alcohol. The effect, though, is of a wine that is fruity and with a crisp edge of black currant juice. It is young, spicy from wood aging and finishes with a stalky aftertaste. END
START HERE Very much a food wine, this has a strong tannic element as well as red-plum flavors. It is rich, dry and full bodied showing a touch of pepper at the end.', 'This is a heavily Merlot dominated wine, hence the high alcohol. The effect, though, is of a wine that is fruity and with a crisp edge of black currant juice. It is young, spicy from wood aging and finishes with a stalky aftertaste.', 'Mild fruit and vanilla flavors and a smooth, soft texture give this medium-bodied wine a soothing personality. END
START HERE This is a heavily Merlot dominated wine, hence the high alcohol. The effect, though, is of a wine that is fruity and with a crisp edge of black currant juice. It is young, spicy from wood aging and finishes with a stalky aftertaste.', 'Mild fruit and vanilla flavors and a smooth, soft texture give this medium-bodied wine a soothing personality.', 'A bit rough in texture and light in body, but offers a nice, silky texture and some ripe flavors of cherries, cola and spices. END
START HERE Mild fruit and vanilla flavors and a smooth, soft texture give this medium-bodied wine a soothing personality.', 'A bit rough in texture and light in body, but offers a nice, silky texture and some ripe flavors of cherries, cola and spices.', 'Bright pink in color, this is a soft, ripe and fruity wine. It has a light texture that supports the raspberry flavors. A delicate cut of acidity comes through at the end. Drink now. END
START HERE A bit rough in texture and light in body, but offers a nice, silky texture and some ripe flavors of cherries, cola and spices.', 'Bright pink in color, this is a soft, ripe and fruity wine. It has a light texture that supports the raspberry flavors. A delicate cut of acidity comes through at the end. Drink now.', 'Dominated by Merlot, this is a fruity wine with finely integrated tannins. It has the red fruits and acidity of the vintage given weight by 13 months of wood aging and the concentration of old vines. Drink from 2019. END
START HERE Bright pink in color, this is a soft, ripe and fruity wine. It has a light texture that supports the raspberry flavors. A delicate cut of acidity comes through at the end. Drink now.', 'Dominated by Merlot, this is a fruity wine with finely integrated tannins. It has the red fruits and acidity of the vintage given weight by 13 months of wood aging and the concentration of old vines. Drink from 2019.', 'A delicious, easy-drinking Pinot Noir for everyday, at a good price. It has raspberry tutti-fruity flavors with lots of vanilla and spice. END
START HERE Dominated by Merlot, this is a fruity wine with finely integrated tannins. It has the red fruits and acidity of the vintage given weight by 13 months of wood aging and the concentration of old vines. Drink from 2019.', 'A delicious, easy-drinking Pinot Noir for everyday, at a good price. It has raspberry tutti-fruity flavors with lots of vanilla and spice.', 'Made with 85% Sangiovese, 5% Merlot, 5% Petit Verdot and 5% Alicante, this easygoing wine opens with aromas of blackberry and a hint of graphite. The simple fruity palate delivers red plum and a hint of cedar alongside smooth tannins. Enjoy soon. END
START HERE A delicious, easy-drinking Pinot Noir for everyday, at a good price. It has raspberry tutti-fruity flavors with lots of vanilla and spice.', 'Made with 85% Sangiovese, 5% Merlot, 5% Petit Verdot and 5% Alicante, this easygoing wine opens with aromas of blackberry and a hint of graphite. The simple fruity palate delivers red plum and a hint of cedar alongside smooth tannins. Enjoy soon.', "A bit on the sweet side, with lemonade, pineapple juice and vanilla flavors, but it's clean and crisply acidic. For those who like their Sauvignon Blancs in this fruit-forward style. END
START HERE Made with 85% Sangiovese, 5% Merlot, 5% Petit Verdot and 5% Alicante, this easygoing wine opens with aromas of blackberry and a hint of graphite. The simple fruity palate delivers red plum and a hint of cedar alongside smooth tannins. Enjoy soon.', "A bit on the sweet side, with lemonade, pineapple juice and vanilla flavors, but it's clean and crisply acidic. For those who like their Sauvignon Blancs in this fruit-forward style.", "Aromas like maple syrup and fresh-cut oak sawdust set the stage for a powerfully oaky, smoky, spicy flavor and finish for this full-bodied, firm-textured wine. It's very dramatic and extreme in style, so some drinkers will love it and others will find it over the top. END
START HERE A bit on the sweet side, with lemonade, pineapple juice and vanilla flavors, but it's clean and crisply acidic. For those who like their Sauvignon Blancs in this fruit-forward style.", "Aromas like maple syrup and fresh-cut oak sawdust set the stage for a powerfully oaky, smoky, spicy flavor and finish for this full-bodied, firm-textured wine. It's very dramatic and extreme in style, so some drinkers will love it and others will find it over the top.", 'Potent herb aromas and flavors mark this medium-bodied wine. It will need something assertive like pesto pasta to make a good match. END
START HERE Aromas like maple syrup and fresh-cut oak sawdust set the stage for a powerfully oaky, smoky, spicy flavor and finish for this full-bodied, firm-textured wine. It's very dramatic and extreme in style, so some drinkers will love it and others will find it over the top.", 'Potent herb aromas and flavors mark this medium-bodied wine. It will need something assertive like pesto pasta to make a good match.', 'Grapy berry and raisin aromas include notes of baking spices. This feels wide but wiry, with tartaric acidity at the core. Generic berry flavors end with a dry drawing finish. END
START HERE Potent herb aromas and flavors mark this medium-bodied wine. It will need something assertive like pesto pasta to make a good match.', 'Grapy berry and raisin aromas include notes of baking spices. This feels wide but wiry, with tartaric acidity at the core. Generic berry flavors end with a dry drawing finish.', 'Soupy, horsey citrus and red-berry aromas precede a flabby palate with herbal red-berry flavors that upon inspection taste both sugary and green. END
START HERE Grapy berry and raisin aromas include notes of baking spices. This feels wide but wiry, with tartaric acidity at the core. Generic berry flavors end with a dry drawing finish.', 'Soupy, horsey citrus and red-berry aromas precede a flabby palate with herbal red-berry flavors that upon inspection taste both sugary and green.', 'From vineyards near Bandol, close to the Mediterranean coast, this full and fruity wine has a lighter side with its fresh acidity. Red berry flavors are cut with a lemon zest texture, the aftertaste bright and refreshing with its acidity. The blend is 30% Grenache, 20% Syrah, 15% Cinsault, 15% Mourvèdre, 15% Carignan, 10% Rolle and 2% Ugni Blanc. END
START HERE Soupy, horsey citrus and red-berry aromas precede a flabby palate with herbal red-berry flavors that upon inspection taste both sugary and green.', 'From vineyards near Bandol, close to the Mediterranean coast, this full and fruity wine has a lighter side with its fresh acidity. Red berry flavors are cut with a lemon zest texture, the aftertaste bright and refreshing with its acidity. The blend is 30% Grenache, 20% Syrah, 15% Cinsault, 15% Mourvèdre, 15% Carignan, 10% Rolle and 2% Ugni Blanc.', 'With a richly sweet, honeyed finish, this partially barrel-fermented wine has ripe flavors of citrus fruits, figs and smoky vanilla. The acidity is high, which gives it a clean, bright mouthfeel. END
START HERE From vineyards near Bandol, close to the Mediterranean coast, this full and fruity wine has a lighter side with its fresh acidity. Red berry flavors are cut with a lemon zest texture, the aftertaste bright and refreshing with its acidity. The blend is 30% Grenache, 20% Syrah, 15% Cinsault, 15% Mourvèdre, 15% Carignan, 10% Rolle and 2% Ugni Blanc.', 'With a richly sweet, honeyed finish, this partially barrel-fermented wine has ripe flavors of citrus fruits, figs and smoky vanilla. The acidity is high, which gives it a clean, bright mouthfeel.', 'Based on Loire Valley grapes, this wine is crisp and cleanly fruity. It has pleasant red berry fruit and a cool draft of acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE With a richly sweet, honeyed finish, this partially barrel-fermented wine has ripe flavors of citrus fruits, figs and smoky vanilla. The acidity is high, which gives it a clean, bright mouthfeel.', 'Based on Loire Valley grapes, this wine is crisp and cleanly fruity. It has pleasant red berry fruit and a cool draft of acidity. Drink now.', "Almost effervescent on first pour, this wine is brightly aromatic, with apple, pear and melon notes. The palate shows no obvious oak influence, with a rounded mouthfeel and Granny Smith apple-like acidity. It's a pleasing, straightforward example of the variety. END
START HERE Based on Loire Valley grapes, this wine is crisp and cleanly fruity. It has pleasant red berry fruit and a cool draft of acidity. Drink now.', "Almost effervescent on first pour, this wine is brightly aromatic, with apple, pear and melon notes. The palate shows no obvious oak influence, with a rounded mouthfeel and Granny Smith apple-like acidity. It's a pleasing, straightforward example of the variety.", 'This stalky wine has black currant fruit and touches of spice and toast. Acidity and tannins are present, offering texture and a crisp finish that make it approachable for drinking now. END
START HERE Almost effervescent on first pour, this wine is brightly aromatic, with apple, pear and melon notes. The palate shows no obvious oak influence, with a rounded mouthfeel and Granny Smith apple-like acidity. It's a pleasing, straightforward example of the variety.", 'This stalky wine has black currant fruit and touches of spice and toast. Acidity and tannins are present, offering texture and a crisp finish that make it approachable for drinking now.', "This is a great value for a wine from the celebrated Amador region. Aromas like strawberry jam and brown sugar lead to very ripe and fruity flavors in this full-bodied but lively wine. It's fun to sip and doesn't try for a serious profile or heavy texture. END
START HERE This stalky wine has black currant fruit and touches of spice and toast. Acidity and tannins are present, offering texture and a crisp finish that make it approachable for drinking now.', "This is a great value for a wine from the celebrated Amador region. Aromas like strawberry jam and brown sugar lead to very ripe and fruity flavors in this full-bodied but lively wine. It's fun to sip and doesn't try for a serious profile or heavy texture.", "Firm and stalky, this wine has intense black currant fruitiness. A dry tannic core is balanced by the fresh fruits and acidity. It's almost too fruity at the moment and needs to soften, so wait until 2016. END
START HERE This is a great value for a wine from the celebrated Amador region. Aromas like strawberry jam and brown sugar lead to very ripe and fruity flavors in this full-bodied but lively wine. It's fun to sip and doesn't try for a serious profile or heavy texture.", "Firm and stalky, this wine has intense black currant fruitiness. A dry tannic core is balanced by the fresh fruits and acidity. It's almost too fruity at the moment and needs to soften, so wait until 2016.", "The wine is full and ripe, generous both in its black fruits and its tannins. It's rich, juicy and packed with berry fruits, a touch of wood and a mineral texture showing at the end. Drink from 2016. END
START HERE Firm and stalky, this wine has intense black currant fruitiness. A dry tannic core is balanced by the fresh fruits and acidity. It's almost too fruity at the moment and needs to soften, so wait until 2016.", "The wine is full and ripe, generous both in its black fruits and its tannins. It's rich, juicy and packed with berry fruits, a touch of wood and a mineral texture showing at the end. Drink from 2016.", "While dry in style and subtle on the nose, this fruity fresh rosé offers loads of concentrated raspberry, melon and peach flavors. Light on its feet and imminently quaffable, it's an irresistible warm-weather sip at an approachable price. END
START HERE The wine is full and ripe, generous both in its black fruits and its tannins. It's rich, juicy and packed with berry fruits, a touch of wood and a mineral texture showing at the end. Drink from 2016.", "While dry in style and subtle on the nose, this fruity fresh rosé offers loads of concentrated raspberry, melon and peach flavors. Light on its feet and imminently quaffable, it's an irresistible warm-weather sip at an approachable price.", 'A rich mouthfeel and considerable sweetness come with oaky spicy aromas and jammy fruit flavors in this full-bodied and rather tannic wine that was blended from mostly Zinfandel and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
START HERE While dry in style and subtle on the nose, this fruity fresh rosé offers loads of concentrated raspberry, melon and peach flavors. Light on its feet and imminently quaffable, it's an irresistible warm-weather sip at an approachable price.", 'A rich mouthfeel and considerable sweetness come with oaky spicy aromas and jammy fruit flavors in this full-bodied and rather tannic wine that was blended from mostly Zinfandel and Cabernet Sauvignon.', 'This lively wine revels in its red fruits. It is tight, tangy and packed with fresh flavors, with just the right amount of weight and dryness to put it firmly on the table with food. END
START HERE A rich mouthfeel and considerable sweetness come with oaky spicy aromas and jammy fruit flavors in this full-bodied and rather tannic wine that was blended from mostly Zinfandel and Cabernet Sauvignon.', 'This lively wine revels in its red fruits. It is tight, tangy and packed with fresh flavors, with just the right amount of weight and dryness to put it firmly on the table with food.', 'An intensely orange-pink-colored wine, this is a blend of the local Castelão with Touriga Nacional and Syrah. Its acidity is filled out with ripe red-berry fruits and a smooth texture of vanilla. The wine is soft and ready to drink. END
START HERE This lively wine revels in its red fruits. It is tight, tangy and packed with fresh flavors, with just the right amount of weight and dryness to put it firmly on the table with food.', 'An intensely orange-pink-colored wine, this is a blend of the local Castelão with Touriga Nacional and Syrah. Its acidity is filled out with ripe red-berry fruits and a smooth texture of vanilla. The wine is soft and ready to drink.', 'Intensely ripe, jammy and toasty aromas and equally effusive fruit flavors make this full-bodied wine easy to enjoy. It seems to overflow with boysenberry and blackberry, and has a touch of wood smoke from oak. END
START HERE An intensely orange-pink-colored wine, this is a blend of the local Castelão with Touriga Nacional and Syrah. Its acidity is filled out with ripe red-berry fruits and a smooth texture of vanilla. The wine is soft and ready to drink.', 'Intensely ripe, jammy and toasty aromas and equally effusive fruit flavors make this full-bodied wine easy to enjoy. It seems to overflow with boysenberry and blackberry, and has a touch of wood smoke from oak.', "Blatant aromas of popcorn don't allow for much fruit expression on the nose. This is heavy and lacking in vitality. Flavors of toast, burnt wood, barrel resin and tropical fruits finish soft. END
START HERE Intensely ripe, jammy and toasty aromas and equally effusive fruit flavors make this full-bodied wine easy to enjoy. It seems to overflow with boysenberry and blackberry, and has a touch of wood smoke from oak.', "Blatant aromas of popcorn don't allow for much fruit expression on the nose. This is heavy and lacking in vitality. Flavors of toast, burnt wood, barrel resin and tropical fruits finish soft.", 'Briary, herbal berry aromas take on a wet-dog scent. This feels shear and shrill, with high acidity and not much body. Sour black-plum flavors are highly herbal and borderline weedy, while a tart, scouring finish closes this out. END
START HERE Blatant aromas of popcorn don't allow for much fruit expression on the nose. This is heavy and lacking in vitality. Flavors of toast, burnt wood, barrel resin and tropical fruits finish soft.", 'Briary, herbal berry aromas take on a wet-dog scent. This feels shear and shrill, with high acidity and not much body. Sour black-plum flavors are highly herbal and borderline weedy, while a tart, scouring finish closes this out.', "A year's barrel aging has given this firm and very rich wine a spicy character. That marries with the licorice and bitter chocolate to give a ripe, extracted and dense wine. It needs a few years to bring out more of the juicy plum fruitiness. Drink from 2017. END
START HERE Briary, herbal berry aromas take on a wet-dog scent. This feels shear and shrill, with high acidity and not much body. Sour black-plum flavors are highly herbal and borderline weedy, while a tart, scouring finish closes this out.', "A year's barrel aging has given this firm and very rich wine a spicy character. That marries with the licorice and bitter chocolate to give a ripe, extracted and dense wine. It needs a few years to bring out more of the juicy plum fruitiness. Drink from 2017.", 'The aromas of milk chocolate, cherry and spice bring immediate appeal. The flavors are silky and polished, showing equal parts fruit and barrel. END
START HERE A year's barrel aging has given this firm and very rich wine a spicy character. That marries with the licorice and bitter chocolate to give a ripe, extracted and dense wine. It needs a few years to bring out more of the juicy plum fruitiness. Drink from 2017.", 'The aromas of milk chocolate, cherry and spice bring immediate appeal. The flavors are silky and polished, showing equal parts fruit and barrel.', "Freshly pressed apple and pear are brightened by squirts of lemon and lime in this refreshing dry Riesling. Zesty and spry, it's a thirst-quenching wine for everyday drinking now through 2018. END
START HERE The aromas of milk chocolate, cherry and spice bring immediate appeal. The flavors are silky and polished, showing equal parts fruit and barrel.', "Freshly pressed apple and pear are brightened by squirts of lemon and lime in this refreshing dry Riesling. Zesty and spry, it's a thirst-quenching wine for everyday drinking now through 2018.", 'Aromas of freshly mowed grass, lemon pith, and lemon grass open for mineral-driven flavors of Bartlett pear, lemon juice and green apple in the midpalate. END
START HERE Freshly pressed apple and pear are brightened by squirts of lemon and lime in this refreshing dry Riesling. Zesty and spry, it's a thirst-quenching wine for everyday drinking now through 2018.", 'Aromas of freshly mowed grass, lemon pith, and lemon grass open for mineral-driven flavors of Bartlett pear, lemon juice and green apple in the midpalate.', 'While unabashedly sweet and simple, this luscious, lip-smacking wine is full of ripe pink grapefruit and tangerine flavors. Zippy acidity sharpens the midpalate and drives a lingering, fresh finish. Drink now through 2019. END
START HERE Aromas of freshly mowed grass, lemon pith, and lemon grass open for mineral-driven flavors of Bartlett pear, lemon juice and green apple in the midpalate.', 'While unabashedly sweet and simple, this luscious, lip-smacking wine is full of ripe pink grapefruit and tangerine flavors. Zippy acidity sharpens the midpalate and drives a lingering, fresh finish. Drink now through 2019.', "Ripe plum and berry aromas come with spice notes before a supremely generous palate that's loud and flavorful in blackberry, cassis and black cherry fruit. On the finish, chocolate and oak influences roll in as the tannins subside. For power, flavor and clarity, this is a sure bet. END
START HERE While unabashedly sweet and simple, this luscious, lip-smacking wine is full of ripe pink grapefruit and tangerine flavors. Zippy acidity sharpens the midpalate and drives a lingering, fresh finish. Drink now through 2019.', "Ripe plum and berry aromas come with spice notes before a supremely generous palate that's loud and flavorful in blackberry, cassis and black cherry fruit. On the finish, chocolate and oak influences roll in as the tannins subside. For power, flavor and clarity, this is a sure bet.", "Fruity aromas of wild berry meld together with whiffs of violet, tilled earth and dark spice on this young juicy red. The round savory palate doles out ripe black cherry, black berry, white pepper and a hint of licorice alongside supple tannins. It's easygoing and made to be drunk young so enjoy soon. END
START HERE Ripe plum and berry aromas come with spice notes before a supremely generous palate that's loud and flavorful in blackberry, cassis and black cherry fruit. On the finish, chocolate and oak influences roll in as the tannins subside. For power, flavor and clarity, this is a sure bet.", "Fruity aromas of wild berry meld together with whiffs of violet, tilled earth and dark spice on this young juicy red. The round savory palate doles out ripe black cherry, black berry, white pepper and a hint of licorice alongside supple tannins. It's easygoing and made to be drunk young so enjoy soon.", "No doubt the screw cap closure has contributed to this wine's longevity. Even more than 18 months after bottling, it still comes across as crisp and refreshing. Notes of tangerine, melon rind and strawberry offer plenty of appeal. Still, I wouldn't wait any longer. END
START HERE Fruity aromas of wild berry meld together with whiffs of violet, tilled earth and dark spice on this young juicy red. The round savory palate doles out ripe black cherry, black berry, white pepper and a hint of licorice alongside supple tannins. It's easygoing and made to be drunk young so enjoy soon.", "No doubt the screw cap closure has contributed to this wine's longevity. Even more than 18 months after bottling, it still comes across as crisp and refreshing. Notes of tangerine, melon rind and strawberry offer plenty of appeal. Still, I wouldn't wait any longer.", "Whiffs of reeds and dusty mineral contrast sharply against sunny, slightly candied citrus and peach flavors on the palate. It's medium sweet with a delicate, dainty composure. Drink now. END
START HERE No doubt the screw cap closure has contributed to this wine's longevity. Even more than 18 months after bottling, it still comes across as crisp and refreshing. Notes of tangerine, melon rind and strawberry offer plenty of appeal. Still, I wouldn't wait any longer.", "Whiffs of reeds and dusty mineral contrast sharply against sunny, slightly candied citrus and peach flavors on the palate. It's medium sweet with a delicate, dainty composure. Drink now.", "Opening aromas of cola and dark fruits are belied by the tangy, edgy palate that's fresh in terms of its raspberry and plum flavors but not all that deep or complex. A clean, straightforward wine with zest but limited flavors. END
START HERE Whiffs of reeds and dusty mineral contrast sharply against sunny, slightly candied citrus and peach flavors on the palate. It's medium sweet with a delicate, dainty composure. Drink now.", "Opening aromas of cola and dark fruits are belied by the tangy, edgy palate that's fresh in terms of its raspberry and plum flavors but not all that deep or complex. A clean, straightforward wine with zest but limited flavors.", "This young fresh red has aromas of dark berry and a whiff of blue flower while the easy-drinking palate offers wild cherry and a hint of spice. It's extremely simple, so drink soon. END
START HERE Opening aromas of cola and dark fruits are belied by the tangy, edgy palate that's fresh in terms of its raspberry and plum flavors but not all that deep or complex. A clean, straightforward wine with zest but limited flavors.", "This young fresh red has aromas of dark berry and a whiff of blue flower while the easy-drinking palate offers wild cherry and a hint of spice. It's extremely simple, so drink soon.", 'Dusty plum, prune and leafy notes appear on a plump but somewhat flat nose. This is jammy and chunky in feel, with flavors of stewed berry fruits and herbal hints. Syrupy notes and a fig character add weight to an oaky finish. END
START HERE This young fresh red has aromas of dark berry and a whiff of blue flower while the easy-drinking palate offers wild cherry and a hint of spice. It's extremely simple, so drink soon.", 'Dusty plum, prune and leafy notes appear on a plump but somewhat flat nose. This is jammy and chunky in feel, with flavors of stewed berry fruits and herbal hints. Syrupy notes and a fig character add weight to an oaky finish.', "A blend of Merlot and Raboso (a native grape of Northern Italy), this compact wine offers tight aromas of blackberry, forest floor and a slight herbal hint at the back. It is supple and slightly sweet in the mouth, and although it doesn't offer huge complexity, it is a very pleasant drink all-round. END
START HERE Dusty plum, prune and leafy notes appear on a plump but somewhat flat nose. This is jammy and chunky in feel, with flavors of stewed berry fruits and herbal hints. Syrupy notes and a fig character add weight to an oaky finish.', "A blend of Merlot and Raboso (a native grape of Northern Italy), this compact wine offers tight aromas of blackberry, forest floor and a slight herbal hint at the back. It is supple and slightly sweet in the mouth, and although it doesn't offer huge complexity, it is a very pleasant drink all-round.", 'Mint and oak aromas mingle with berry tones on the nose. Upon entrance the wine feels flabby, however after a few seconds the juicy acidity kicks in. Flavors of underripe berry and olive dominate the palate, with a slightly oaky finish. END
START HERE A blend of Merlot and Raboso (a native grape of Northern Italy), this compact wine offers tight aromas of blackberry, forest floor and a slight herbal hint at the back. It is supple and slightly sweet in the mouth, and although it doesn't offer huge complexity, it is a very pleasant drink all-round.", 'Mint and oak aromas mingle with berry tones on the nose. Upon entrance the wine feels flabby, however after a few seconds the juicy acidity kicks in. Flavors of underripe berry and olive dominate the palate, with a slightly oaky finish.', 'Earth and matchstick define the nose of this easygoing wine. The palate is quiet, with low-intensity flavors of passion fruit and citrus that finish mildly pithy. END
START HERE Mint and oak aromas mingle with berry tones on the nose. Upon entrance the wine feels flabby, however after a few seconds the juicy acidity kicks in. Flavors of underripe berry and olive dominate the palate, with a slightly oaky finish.', 'Earth and matchstick define the nose of this easygoing wine. The palate is quiet, with low-intensity flavors of passion fruit and citrus that finish mildly pithy.', 'Vanilla wafer, slightly mealy apple and citrus aromas open this slightly unfocused wine. The palate is flat, with flavors of green fruit and citrus that finish abruptly. END
START HERE Earth and matchstick define the nose of this easygoing wine. The palate is quiet, with low-intensity flavors of passion fruit and citrus that finish mildly pithy.', 'Vanilla wafer, slightly mealy apple and citrus aromas open this slightly unfocused wine. The palate is flat, with flavors of green fruit and citrus that finish abruptly.', 'Mild lemon and apple aromas are compromised by a harsh, stalky element. The mouthfeel is basic and spritzy, while generic apple and green melon flavors end in tropical sweetness. END
START HERE Vanilla wafer, slightly mealy apple and citrus aromas open this slightly unfocused wine. The palate is flat, with flavors of green fruit and citrus that finish abruptly.', 'Mild lemon and apple aromas are compromised by a harsh, stalky element. The mouthfeel is basic and spritzy, while generic apple and green melon flavors end in tropical sweetness.', "Here's a clean, brisk Sauvignon Blanc for pairing with Asian fare. It's spicy and overtly sweet, with lemongrass, honey and vanilla flavors. END
START HERE Mild lemon and apple aromas are compromised by a harsh, stalky element. The mouthfeel is basic and spritzy, while generic apple and green melon flavors end in tropical sweetness.', "Here's a clean, brisk Sauvignon Blanc for pairing with Asian fare. It's spicy and overtly sweet, with lemongrass, honey and vanilla flavors.", "Quite tart and bone dry, this is made from fruit sourced from the Wallula Benches Vineyard—a site also prominently featured in Pacific Rim's Riesling lineup. Racy and gin-like in its flavor profile, it emphasizes botanical and citrus notes, with good penetration and length. END
START HERE Here's a clean, brisk Sauvignon Blanc for pairing with Asian fare. It's spicy and overtly sweet, with lemongrass, honey and vanilla flavors.", "Quite tart and bone dry, this is made from fruit sourced from the Wallula Benches Vineyard—a site also prominently featured in Pacific Rim's Riesling lineup. Racy and gin-like in its flavor profile, it emphasizes botanical and citrus notes, with good penetration and length.", 'Herbal aromas of tomato leaf and thyme feed into a crisp raw palate. Leafy herbal flavors of tomato and dried green herbs finish with raw tannins that scratch. Think of this like you would basic Bordeaux. END
START HERE Quite tart and bone dry, this is made from fruit sourced from the Wallula Benches Vineyard—a site also prominently featured in Pacific Rim's Riesling lineup. Racy and gin-like in its flavor profile, it emphasizes botanical and citrus notes, with good penetration and length.", 'Herbal aromas of tomato leaf and thyme feed into a crisp raw palate. Leafy herbal flavors of tomato and dried green herbs finish with raw tannins that scratch. Think of this like you would basic Bordeaux.', 'Opens with toast and vanilla aromas along with baked apple and oak. The mouthfeel is solid, while the flavors blend barrel resin, pear, banana and macadamia nut. Finishes healthy and clean. END
START HERE Herbal aromas of tomato leaf and thyme feed into a crisp raw palate. Leafy herbal flavors of tomato and dried green herbs finish with raw tannins that scratch. Think of this like you would basic Bordeaux.', 'Opens with toast and vanilla aromas along with baked apple and oak. The mouthfeel is solid, while the flavors blend barrel resin, pear, banana and macadamia nut. Finishes healthy and clean.', 'Varietally and regionally correct, with green, grassy, punchy aromas of citrus, white pepper and jalapeño. This is prickly in the mouth, with lively acidity and flavors of lime, scallion, green apple and bell pepper. It finishes with cut and juicy acids. END
START HERE Opens with toast and vanilla aromas along with baked apple and oak. The mouthfeel is solid, while the flavors blend barrel resin, pear, banana and macadamia nut. Finishes healthy and clean.', 'Varietally and regionally correct, with green, grassy, punchy aromas of citrus, white pepper and jalapeño. This is prickly in the mouth, with lively acidity and flavors of lime, scallion, green apple and bell pepper. It finishes with cut and juicy acids.', 'Tangy and textured, this is a wine that needs food. A tannic edge from the Cabernet in the blend gives the wine a tight, bright, refreshing aftertaste. END
START HERE Varietally and regionally correct, with green, grassy, punchy aromas of citrus, white pepper and jalapeño. This is prickly in the mouth, with lively acidity and flavors of lime, scallion, green apple and bell pepper. It finishes with cut and juicy acids.', 'Tangy and textured, this is a wine that needs food. A tannic edge from the Cabernet in the blend gives the wine a tight, bright, refreshing aftertaste.', 'A bit herbal and brambly, with baked, earthy red fruit aromas. Modest raspberry flavors are mostly what you get off the narrow palate, and the finish follows suit as it fades out with a tight, herbal character. Rudimentary Cabernet. END
START HERE Tangy and textured, this is a wine that needs food. A tannic edge from the Cabernet in the blend gives the wine a tight, bright, refreshing aftertaste.', 'A bit herbal and brambly, with baked, earthy red fruit aromas. Modest raspberry flavors are mostly what you get off the narrow palate, and the finish follows suit as it fades out with a tight, herbal character. Rudimentary Cabernet.', 'Smoky veins of struck flint and slate lend a savory mineral tone to this refreshingly tonic Riesling. Sweet-tart tangerine and grapefruit flavors are juxtaposed by bracing lime acidity, a racy mélange that lingers for a long but invigorating finish. END
START HERE A bit herbal and brambly, with baked, earthy red fruit aromas. Modest raspberry flavors are mostly what you get off the narrow palate, and the finish follows suit as it fades out with a tight, herbal character. Rudimentary Cabernet.', 'Smoky veins of struck flint and slate lend a savory mineral tone to this refreshingly tonic Riesling. Sweet-tart tangerine and grapefruit flavors are juxtaposed by bracing lime acidity, a racy mélange that lingers for a long but invigorating finish.', 'Rough, edgy, medicinal red-fruit aromas are highly herbal and jammy. This tastes weedy and green, while the finish is minty and medicinal, with a horsey aftertaste. END
START HERE Smoky veins of struck flint and slate lend a savory mineral tone to this refreshingly tonic Riesling. Sweet-tart tangerine and grapefruit flavors are juxtaposed by bracing lime acidity, a racy mélange that lingers for a long but invigorating finish.', 'Rough, edgy, medicinal red-fruit aromas are highly herbal and jammy. This tastes weedy and green, while the finish is minty and medicinal, with a horsey aftertaste.', 'This is a great option for a widely available and affordable rosé. A very pretty pink in color, it shows baked strawberry, rose petals and vanilla ice cream on the nose. The sip tightens around cherry and strawberry-brioche flavors. END
START HERE Rough, edgy, medicinal red-fruit aromas are highly herbal and jammy. This tastes weedy and green, while the finish is minty and medicinal, with a horsey aftertaste.', 'This is a great option for a widely available and affordable rosé. A very pretty pink in color, it shows baked strawberry, rose petals and vanilla ice cream on the nose. The sip tightens around cherry and strawberry-brioche flavors.', 'Bulky aromas are floral but also suggest lanolin. Malic acidity with a resiny offset is the palate feel, while grainy, pushy oak sits on top of pineapple and apple flavors that dry out on the finish. END
START HERE This is a great option for a widely available and affordable rosé. A very pretty pink in color, it shows baked strawberry, rose petals and vanilla ice cream on the nose. The sip tightens around cherry and strawberry-brioche flavors.', 'Bulky aromas are floral but also suggest lanolin. Malic acidity with a resiny offset is the palate feel, while grainy, pushy oak sits on top of pineapple and apple flavors that dry out on the finish.', "A clean, everyday Zinfandel, this shows the varietal's full body, tannins and spiciness. The flavors are of raspberries, cherries, cola, olives and pepper. END
START HERE Bulky aromas are floral but also suggest lanolin. Malic acidity with a resiny offset is the palate feel, while grainy, pushy oak sits on top of pineapple and apple flavors that dry out on the finish.', "A clean, everyday Zinfandel, this shows the varietal's full body, tannins and spiciness. The flavors are of raspberries, cherries, cola, olives and pepper.", "Yellow in color and chunky on the nose, which shows the common triple play of apple, banana and vanilla aromas. The palate is wide, with ample acidity and grabby, waxy flavors of orange and pineapple. Plump and soft on the finish. Drink right away or wait for the '08. END
START HERE A clean, everyday Zinfandel, this shows the varietal's full body, tannins and spiciness. The flavors are of raspberries, cherries, cola, olives and pepper.", "Yellow in color and chunky on the nose, which shows the common triple play of apple, banana and vanilla aromas. The palate is wide, with ample acidity and grabby, waxy flavors of orange and pineapple. Plump and soft on the finish. Drink right away or wait for the '08.", 'Burnt and herbal plum and berry aromas are just good enough. This feels clampy due to hard tannins. Medicinal plum and cherry flavors come with a forced-oak element, while this is dry and tannic on a hollow finish. END
START HERE Yellow in color and chunky on the nose, which shows the common triple play of apple, banana and vanilla aromas. The palate is wide, with ample acidity and grabby, waxy flavors of orange and pineapple. Plump and soft on the finish. Drink right away or wait for the '08.", 'Burnt and herbal plum and berry aromas are just good enough. This feels clampy due to hard tannins. Medicinal plum and cherry flavors come with a forced-oak element, while this is dry and tannic on a hollow finish.', 'This wine starts with a sexy nose—dried herbs, plum, balsamic, pepper— and on the palate, marries fresh fruit and dry spice with an herbal spin. Balanced and approachable, and a good sip on its own. END
START HERE Burnt and herbal plum and berry aromas are just good enough. This feels clampy due to hard tannins. Medicinal plum and cherry flavors come with a forced-oak element, while this is dry and tannic on a hollow finish.', 'This wine starts with a sexy nose—dried herbs, plum, balsamic, pepper— and on the palate, marries fresh fruit and dry spice with an herbal spin. Balanced and approachable, and a good sip on its own.', 'Although the producer is based in Sancerre, this wine has an almost southern warmth to it. Its orange blossom aromas, rich tropical fruit flavors and balanced acidity make it ripe and ready to drink now. END
START HERE This wine starts with a sexy nose—dried herbs, plum, balsamic, pepper— and on the palate, marries fresh fruit and dry spice with an herbal spin. Balanced and approachable, and a good sip on its own.', 'Although the producer is based in Sancerre, this wine has an almost southern warmth to it. Its orange blossom aromas, rich tropical fruit flavors and balanced acidity make it ripe and ready to drink now.', "This pretty wine, with its pale pink color, is soft and fruity. Strawberry flavors give it a ripe character that's reflected in the light acidity on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Although the producer is based in Sancerre, this wine has an almost southern warmth to it. Its orange blossom aromas, rich tropical fruit flavors and balanced acidity make it ripe and ready to drink now.', "This pretty wine, with its pale pink color, is soft and fruity. Strawberry flavors give it a ripe character that's reflected in the light acidity on the finish. Drink now.", "With 10% Petite Sirah, this dark, full-bodied wine is overtly sweet and rustic. It's made in a popular style meant to wash down ribs, pork and chicken dripping with barbecue sauce. END
START HERE This pretty wine, with its pale pink color, is soft and fruity. Strawberry flavors give it a ripe character that's reflected in the light acidity on the finish. Drink now.", "With 10% Petite Sirah, this dark, full-bodied wine is overtly sweet and rustic. It's made in a popular style meant to wash down ribs, pork and chicken dripping with barbecue sauce.", 'Soft and candied, with cherry jam, gingersnap cookie and vanilla flavors that are a little on the sweet side. END
START HERE With 10% Petite Sirah, this dark, full-bodied wine is overtly sweet and rustic. It's made in a popular style meant to wash down ribs, pork and chicken dripping with barbecue sauce.", 'Soft and candied, with cherry jam, gingersnap cookie and vanilla flavors that are a little on the sweet side.', "Aromas of dried white flowers and citrus fruits are mild. This feels round pulpy and good. Flavors of melon and papaya aren't complex, but they satisfy. On the finish, this everyday Chardonnay is round in feel and tastes a touch salty. END
START HERE Soft and candied, with cherry jam, gingersnap cookie and vanilla flavors that are a little on the sweet side.', "Aromas of dried white flowers and citrus fruits are mild. This feels round pulpy and good. Flavors of melon and papaya aren't complex, but they satisfy. On the finish, this everyday Chardonnay is round in feel and tastes a touch salty.", 'This medium-bodied, well-priced wine from a consistent brand has traditional touches like a lightly smoky, spicy cherry aroma, a gently tannic texture and satisfying ripe cherry and plum flavors. END
START HERE Aromas of dried white flowers and citrus fruits are mild. This feels round pulpy and good. Flavors of melon and papaya aren't complex, but they satisfy. On the finish, this everyday Chardonnay is round in feel and tastes a touch salty.", 'This medium-bodied, well-priced wine from a consistent brand has traditional touches like a lightly smoky, spicy cherry aroma, a gently tannic texture and satisfying ripe cherry and plum flavors.', 'Woodsy, balsamic aromas of plum and wild berry set up a juicy, tightly wound palate with fair tannins. Racy black cherry and dark plum flavors offer a hint of chocolaty oak along with a fresh, cleansing finish. END
START HERE This medium-bodied, well-priced wine from a consistent brand has traditional touches like a lightly smoky, spicy cherry aroma, a gently tannic texture and satisfying ripe cherry and plum flavors.', 'Woodsy, balsamic aromas of plum and wild berry set up a juicy, tightly wound palate with fair tannins. Racy black cherry and dark plum flavors offer a hint of chocolaty oak along with a fresh, cleansing finish.', 'Subtle floral notes of violet and carnation introduce the bouquet of this wine, supported by scents of blackberry, blueberry and cherry. The medium-weight palate offers fine but spicy tannins that frame the juicy black plum and berry flavors. Drink now. END
START HERE Woodsy, balsamic aromas of plum and wild berry set up a juicy, tightly wound palate with fair tannins. Racy black cherry and dark plum flavors offer a hint of chocolaty oak along with a fresh, cleansing finish.', 'Subtle floral notes of violet and carnation introduce the bouquet of this wine, supported by scents of blackberry, blueberry and cherry. The medium-weight palate offers fine but spicy tannins that frame the juicy black plum and berry flavors. Drink now.', "Lots of raspberry and cherry fruit in this Pinot Noir. It's sweet and fruity and crisp in acidity, with a sweet coat of vanilla oak. Drink now. END
START HERE Subtle floral notes of violet and carnation introduce the bouquet of this wine, supported by scents of blackberry, blueberry and cherry. The medium-weight palate offers fine but spicy tannins that frame the juicy black plum and berry flavors. Drink now.', "Lots of raspberry and cherry fruit in this Pinot Noir. It's sweet and fruity and crisp in acidity, with a sweet coat of vanilla oak. Drink now.", 'This is a light, bright rosé that is made to drink as young as possible. It is crisp with raspberry fruit and gentle acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE Lots of raspberry and cherry fruit in this Pinot Noir. It's sweet and fruity and crisp in acidity, with a sweet coat of vanilla oak. Drink now.", 'This is a light, bright rosé that is made to drink as young as possible. It is crisp with raspberry fruit and gentle acidity. Drink now.', "Yeasty aromas of white flowers and ham don't stir much interest. This feels medium in body and fairly bland. Yeasty flavors of vanilla and white fruits are more nondescript than particular. END
START HERE This is a light, bright rosé that is made to drink as young as possible. It is crisp with raspberry fruit and gentle acidity. Drink now.', "Yeasty aromas of white flowers and ham don't stir much interest. This feels medium in body and fairly bland. Yeasty flavors of vanilla and white fruits are more nondescript than particular.", 'Shows pure, pleasurable Chardonnay flavors of white peach, grape, nectarine, honey and vanilla, with no interference from oak. The acidity gives the wine a slight bite. The winemaker did a good job assembling the various lots into this three-appellation blend. END
START HERE Yeasty aromas of white flowers and ham don't stir much interest. This feels medium in body and fairly bland. Yeasty flavors of vanilla and white fruits are more nondescript than particular.", 'Shows pure, pleasurable Chardonnay flavors of white peach, grape, nectarine, honey and vanilla, with no interference from oak. The acidity gives the wine a slight bite. The winemaker did a good job assembling the various lots into this three-appellation blend.', 'Generous in lemon custard and pear aromas and flavors, this is a fairly full-bodied style of Chardonnay. It offers roundness balanced by a minerally finish. END
START HERE Shows pure, pleasurable Chardonnay flavors of white peach, grape, nectarine, honey and vanilla, with no interference from oak. The acidity gives the wine a slight bite. The winemaker did a good job assembling the various lots into this three-appellation blend.', 'Generous in lemon custard and pear aromas and flavors, this is a fairly full-bodied style of Chardonnay. It offers roundness balanced by a minerally finish.', "For as long as Chile has been taken seriously for its SBs, Veramonte has been a value leader. This wine is a bit softer and less pungent than previous efforts, but it's still tangy and shows good green apple and melony flavors. Finishes more flat and fleshy than in the past, so drink right away. END
START HERE Generous in lemon custard and pear aromas and flavors, this is a fairly full-bodied style of Chardonnay. It offers roundness balanced by a minerally finish.', "For as long as Chile has been taken seriously for its SBs, Veramonte has been a value leader. This wine is a bit softer and less pungent than previous efforts, but it's still tangy and shows good green apple and melony flavors. Finishes more flat and fleshy than in the past, so drink right away.", 'Winemaker Francesco Spadafora shows his deft hand with Syrah in this easygoing wine. It has intensity and complexity, with layers of spice, red cherry, leather and black pepper. END
START HERE For as long as Chile has been taken seriously for its SBs, Veramonte has been a value leader. This wine is a bit softer and less pungent than previous efforts, but it's still tangy and shows good green apple and melony flavors. Finishes more flat and fleshy than in the past, so drink right away.", 'Winemaker Francesco Spadafora shows his deft hand with Syrah in this easygoing wine. It has intensity and complexity, with layers of spice, red cherry, leather and black pepper.', 'Light green aromas of melon and lime are nice, while the palate is solid and full of lime and pithy grapefruit flavors. Like many Chilean SBs, this is salinic, citrusy and pithy, but also round as well as clean. Drink right away. END
START HERE Winemaker Francesco Spadafora shows his deft hand with Syrah in this easygoing wine. It has intensity and complexity, with layers of spice, red cherry, leather and black pepper.', 'Light green aromas of melon and lime are nice, while the palate is solid and full of lime and pithy grapefruit flavors. Like many Chilean SBs, this is salinic, citrusy and pithy, but also round as well as clean. Drink right away.', "Here's a basic Malbec with ripe plum aromas topped off by milk chocolate and vanilla notes. It's hard but bold in the mouth, with decent acidity and a forced set of oaky, chocolaty, berry flavors. END
START HERE Light green aromas of melon and lime are nice, while the palate is solid and full of lime and pithy grapefruit flavors. Like many Chilean SBs, this is salinic, citrusy and pithy, but also round as well as clean. Drink right away.', "Here's a basic Malbec with ripe plum aromas topped off by milk chocolate and vanilla notes. It's hard but bold in the mouth, with decent acidity and a forced set of oaky, chocolaty, berry flavors.", 'Concise and basic on the nose, with aromas of melon and minerals, this crisp, stony wine is pleasant and clean, with malic acidity. Lime, green apple and tangerine flavors finish dry and pithy, with cleansing acidity. END
START HERE Here's a basic Malbec with ripe plum aromas topped off by milk chocolate and vanilla notes. It's hard but bold in the mouth, with decent acidity and a forced set of oaky, chocolaty, berry flavors.", 'Concise and basic on the nose, with aromas of melon and minerals, this crisp, stony wine is pleasant and clean, with malic acidity. Lime, green apple and tangerine flavors finish dry and pithy, with cleansing acidity.', "Tropical notes on the nose are as good as it gets; otherwise it smells like air freshener. In the mouth, it's waxy and flat, with bland apple and vanilla flavors. Finishes pithy. END
START HERE Concise and basic on the nose, with aromas of melon and minerals, this crisp, stony wine is pleasant and clean, with malic acidity. Lime, green apple and tangerine flavors finish dry and pithy, with cleansing acidity.', "Tropical notes on the nose are as good as it gets; otherwise it smells like air freshener. In the mouth, it's waxy and flat, with bland apple and vanilla flavors. Finishes pithy.", 'The aromas on this wine are muddled, with notes of cocoa, vanilla, black pepper, tire rubber and cherry. The cranberry and cherry flavors are medium bodied backed by dry tannins. END
START HERE Tropical notes on the nose are as good as it gets; otherwise it smells like air freshener. In the mouth, it's waxy and flat, with bland apple and vanilla flavors. Finishes pithy.", 'The aromas on this wine are muddled, with notes of cocoa, vanilla, black pepper, tire rubber and cherry. The cranberry and cherry flavors are medium bodied backed by dry tannins.', 'Light apple and earth aromas mingle with crisp fruit flavors without showing much of an oaky component. The wine is medium bodied, fairly crisp in texture and moderate in fruit notes. END
START HERE The aromas on this wine are muddled, with notes of cocoa, vanilla, black pepper, tire rubber and cherry. The cranberry and cherry flavors are medium bodied backed by dry tannins.', 'Light apple and earth aromas mingle with crisp fruit flavors without showing much of an oaky component. The wine is medium bodied, fairly crisp in texture and moderate in fruit notes.', 'Comfortable enough, with common aromas of black fruit, spice, earth and leather. Given that production on this wine is now a whopping million cases, anything palatable should be considered a success. Casillero has reasonably good plum, cassis and brambly flavors, with a hint of oak in support. The mouthfeel is narrow, but overall the wine tastes real. END
START HERE Light apple and earth aromas mingle with crisp fruit flavors without showing much of an oaky component. The wine is medium bodied, fairly crisp in texture and moderate in fruit notes.', 'Comfortable enough, with common aromas of black fruit, spice, earth and leather. Given that production on this wine is now a whopping million cases, anything palatable should be considered a success. Casillero has reasonably good plum, cassis and brambly flavors, with a hint of oak in support. The mouthfeel is narrow, but overall the wine tastes real.', 'Off-dry and loaded with flavors of lemon, honey and tea, this is a rather fleshy Riesling. The almost 2% residual sugar leads into a slightly sweet finish. END
START HERE Comfortable enough, with common aromas of black fruit, spice, earth and leather. Given that production on this wine is now a whopping million cases, anything palatable should be considered a success. Casillero has reasonably good plum, cassis and brambly flavors, with a hint of oak in support. The mouthfeel is narrow, but overall the wine tastes real.', 'Off-dry and loaded with flavors of lemon, honey and tea, this is a rather fleshy Riesling. The almost 2% residual sugar leads into a slightly sweet finish.', "This perenially mediocre wine is a little worse in 2012. It smells blowsy, floral and strange, while in the mouth it's like oaky apple cider. Flavors of cider and faux oak are less than impressive, as is the overall balance. END
START HERE Off-dry and loaded with flavors of lemon, honey and tea, this is a rather fleshy Riesling. The almost 2% residual sugar leads into a slightly sweet finish.', "This perenially mediocre wine is a little worse in 2012. It smells blowsy, floral and strange, while in the mouth it's like oaky apple cider. Flavors of cider and faux oak are less than impressive, as is the overall balance.", 'This is a simple wine, sharp in acidity and dry, with spicy Zin flavors of berries. Okay with pizza, burgers, barbecue. END
START HERE This perenially mediocre wine is a little worse in 2012. It smells blowsy, floral and strange, while in the mouth it's like oaky apple cider. Flavors of cider and faux oak are less than impressive, as is the overall balance.", 'This is a simple wine, sharp in acidity and dry, with spicy Zin flavors of berries. Okay with pizza, burgers, barbecue.', 'This smells far better than it feels or tastes. The nose offers black fruit and graham cracker notes, but the palate is sharp and punchy, with sour plum and rhubarb flavors that finish herbal and briny. END
START HERE This is a simple wine, sharp in acidity and dry, with spicy Zin flavors of berries. Okay with pizza, burgers, barbecue.', 'This smells far better than it feels or tastes. The nose offers black fruit and graham cracker notes, but the palate is sharp and punchy, with sour plum and rhubarb flavors that finish herbal and briny.', 'Electric pink in color, this wine brings pungent notes of flowers, green herbs, peach and lychee. It drinks off dry, with grapefruit, lychee and stone-fruit flavors that linger on the finish. END
START HERE This smells far better than it feels or tastes. The nose offers black fruit and graham cracker notes, but the palate is sharp and punchy, with sour plum and rhubarb flavors that finish herbal and briny.', 'Electric pink in color, this wine brings pungent notes of flowers, green herbs, peach and lychee. It drinks off dry, with grapefruit, lychee and stone-fruit flavors that linger on the finish.', 'Dried black and red-currant, green herb and vanilla aromas are followed by plummy fruit flavors that provide appeal. END
START HERE Electric pink in color, this wine brings pungent notes of flowers, green herbs, peach and lychee. It drinks off dry, with grapefruit, lychee and stone-fruit flavors that linger on the finish.', 'Dried black and red-currant, green herb and vanilla aromas are followed by plummy fruit flavors that provide appeal.', "There's a strong dose of sawdust and faux vanilla on the nose of this flabby Malbec. Woody, minty flavors crowd out the fruit content, while the finish is resiny in feel, and consistent with the palate. END
START HERE Dried black and red-currant, green herb and vanilla aromas are followed by plummy fruit flavors that provide appeal.', "There's a strong dose of sawdust and faux vanilla on the nose of this flabby Malbec. Woody, minty flavors crowd out the fruit content, while the finish is resiny in feel, and consistent with the palate.", 'A funky nose of wet dog and medicinal cherry is no place you want to begin. The palate is high in acidity and scratchy, with tart plum, berry and cheek-starching tannins. Tastes reasonably good but fails in the bouquet and mouthfeel departments. END
START HERE There's a strong dose of sawdust and faux vanilla on the nose of this flabby Malbec. Woody, minty flavors crowd out the fruit content, while the finish is resiny in feel, and consistent with the palate.", 'A funky nose of wet dog and medicinal cherry is no place you want to begin. The palate is high in acidity and scratchy, with tart plum, berry and cheek-starching tannins. Tastes reasonably good but fails in the bouquet and mouthfeel departments.', 'Shy and clean on the nose, which offers up only mild grapefruit and lime. The feel is tight and stony, with pithy citrus and green apple flavors. Leans towards green and herbaceous on the finish, but never fully goes green while maintaining clarity and crispness. END
START HERE A funky nose of wet dog and medicinal cherry is no place you want to begin. The palate is high in acidity and scratchy, with tart plum, berry and cheek-starching tannins. Tastes reasonably good but fails in the bouquet and mouthfeel departments.', 'Shy and clean on the nose, which offers up only mild grapefruit and lime. The feel is tight and stony, with pithy citrus and green apple flavors. Leans towards green and herbaceous on the finish, but never fully goes green while maintaining clarity and crispness.', "Lush mango and guava notes lend a sunny, tropical feel to this Riesling. Dry and lavishly textured, it's concentrated in fruit, yet maintains a mineral-edged vitality that's quite refreshing. It offers remarkable quality and consistency at a bargain price. END
START HERE Shy and clean on the nose, which offers up only mild grapefruit and lime. The feel is tight and stony, with pithy citrus and green apple flavors. Leans towards green and herbaceous on the finish, but never fully goes green while maintaining clarity and crispness.', "Lush mango and guava notes lend a sunny, tropical feel to this Riesling. Dry and lavishly textured, it's concentrated in fruit, yet maintains a mineral-edged vitality that's quite refreshing. It offers remarkable quality and consistency at a bargain price.", "Here's a dry, somewhat brawny wine that has some charm. It's filled with briary, peppery flavors, with fruits suggesting blackberries and cassis. Good value in an inexpensive steak and chops wine. END
START HERE Lush mango and guava notes lend a sunny, tropical feel to this Riesling. Dry and lavishly textured, it's concentrated in fruit, yet maintains a mineral-edged vitality that's quite refreshing. It offers remarkable quality and consistency at a bargain price.", "Here's a dry, somewhat brawny wine that has some charm. It's filled with briary, peppery flavors, with fruits suggesting blackberries and cassis. Good value in an inexpensive steak and chops wine.", 'A bland pickled nose announces a simple palate with just enough acidity to keep things upright. Mild flavors of orange and green herbs revert to pickled on the finish. END
START HERE Here's a dry, somewhat brawny wine that has some charm. It's filled with briary, peppery flavors, with fruits suggesting blackberries and cassis. Good value in an inexpensive steak and chops wine.", 'A bland pickled nose announces a simple palate with just enough acidity to keep things upright. Mild flavors of orange and green herbs revert to pickled on the finish.', 'A very good value-priced Cab with fresh tomato, herb, black cherry, blackberry and earthy aromas. The palate is healthy and stands up to scrutiny, while the flavors of cassis, berry, chocolate and pepper are correct and more than pleasant. Long and lasting on the finish. The best Root: 1 Cab to date. END
START HERE A bland pickled nose announces a simple palate with just enough acidity to keep things upright. Mild flavors of orange and green herbs revert to pickled on the finish.', 'A very good value-priced Cab with fresh tomato, herb, black cherry, blackberry and earthy aromas. The palate is healthy and stands up to scrutiny, while the flavors of cassis, berry, chocolate and pepper are correct and more than pleasant. Long and lasting on the finish. The best Root: 1 Cab to date.', "Suddenly Washington vintners are awash in Chardonnay, many value priced such as this new one from Airfield Estates' Lone Birch project. Clean and simple, it's got moderately ripe apple flavors and no faux oak. END
START HERE A very good value-priced Cab with fresh tomato, herb, black cherry, blackberry and earthy aromas. The palate is healthy and stands up to scrutiny, while the flavors of cassis, berry, chocolate and pepper are correct and more than pleasant. Long and lasting on the finish. The best Root: 1 Cab to date.', "Suddenly Washington vintners are awash in Chardonnay, many value priced such as this new one from Airfield Estates' Lone Birch project. Clean and simple, it's got moderately ripe apple flavors and no faux oak.", 'This Brazilian Merlot smells rubbery and gaseous, with saucy berry notes. In the mouth, this is severely tannic and drying. Toasty, blackened and bitter in flavor, this ends with peppery notes and hard-pounding tannins. END
START HERE Suddenly Washington vintners are awash in Chardonnay, many value priced such as this new one from Airfield Estates' Lone Birch project. Clean and simple, it's got moderately ripe apple flavors and no faux oak.", 'This Brazilian Merlot smells rubbery and gaseous, with saucy berry notes. In the mouth, this is severely tannic and drying. Toasty, blackened and bitter in flavor, this ends with peppery notes and hard-pounding tannins.', "Rustic and medium-bodied, this Merlot has a nice spiciness that would be a big hit at a backyard barbecue. There's some char on the nose, and a spicy-marinade note on the palate. Finishes with dryish tannins and outdoorsy, tree-bark flavors. END
START HERE This Brazilian Merlot smells rubbery and gaseous, with saucy berry notes. In the mouth, this is severely tannic and drying. Toasty, blackened and bitter in flavor, this ends with peppery notes and hard-pounding tannins.', "Rustic and medium-bodied, this Merlot has a nice spiciness that would be a big hit at a backyard barbecue. There's some char on the nose, and a spicy-marinade note on the palate. Finishes with dryish tannins and outdoorsy, tree-bark flavors.", 'A bit too soft and sweet for Zinfandel, but it sure is delicious in berry fruit, chocolate, pepper and herb flavors. Drink now with barbecue. END
START HERE Rustic and medium-bodied, this Merlot has a nice spiciness that would be a big hit at a backyard barbecue. There's some char on the nose, and a spicy-marinade note on the palate. Finishes with dryish tannins and outdoorsy, tree-bark flavors.", 'A bit too soft and sweet for Zinfandel, but it sure is delicious in berry fruit, chocolate, pepper and herb flavors. Drink now with barbecue.', 'A light orange-pink colored wine, this is poised, bright and fruity. Raspberries dominate, giving fresh character as well as bringing in great fruitiness. END
START HERE A bit too soft and sweet for Zinfandel, but it sure is delicious in berry fruit, chocolate, pepper and herb flavors. Drink now with barbecue.', 'A light orange-pink colored wine, this is poised, bright and fruity. Raspberries dominate, giving fresh character as well as bringing in great fruitiness.', "Affordable and appetizing, this has a lighter color and subtle smoke and toasted oak aromas. A firm texture accompanies just enough tannins and acidity, and bright red cherry and black tea flavors. It's lean in a good way, with excellent balance and a touch of austerity rather than overt richness. END
START HERE A light orange-pink colored wine, this is poised, bright and fruity. Raspberries dominate, giving fresh character as well as bringing in great fruitiness.', "Affordable and appetizing, this has a lighter color and subtle smoke and toasted oak aromas. A firm texture accompanies just enough tannins and acidity, and bright red cherry and black tea flavors. It's lean in a good way, with excellent balance and a touch of austerity rather than overt richness.", 'While honeyed peach and quince flavors are juicy and sweet on this delicately framed auslese, distinctly earthy notes of herb and smoke lend a mysteriously savory tone. It bristles on the palate, with sunny lemon acidity. END
START HERE Affordable and appetizing, this has a lighter color and subtle smoke and toasted oak aromas. A firm texture accompanies just enough tannins and acidity, and bright red cherry and black tea flavors. It's lean in a good way, with excellent balance and a touch of austerity rather than overt richness.", 'While honeyed peach and quince flavors are juicy and sweet on this delicately framed auslese, distinctly earthy notes of herb and smoke lend a mysteriously savory tone. It bristles on the palate, with sunny lemon acidity.', "This jammy, crowd-pleasing Zin is well put-together, soft in blackberry spice and has just a trace of wintergreen on the nose. Widely distributed and value-priced, it's a steal worth stocking up on. END
START HERE While honeyed peach and quince flavors are juicy and sweet on this delicately framed auslese, distinctly earthy notes of herb and smoke lend a mysteriously savory tone. It bristles on the palate, with sunny lemon acidity.', "This jammy, crowd-pleasing Zin is well put-together, soft in blackberry spice and has just a trace of wintergreen on the nose. Widely distributed and value-priced, it's a steal worth stocking up on.", "This Chardonnay is creamy and scented with vanilla, ripe apple and pineapple. The fruit has a slightly overripe quality, a suggestion of funk on the finish, and the vanilla seems artificial. It says unoaked, but that's a lot of vanilla nonetheless. END
START HERE This jammy, crowd-pleasing Zin is well put-together, soft in blackberry spice and has just a trace of wintergreen on the nose. Widely distributed and value-priced, it's a steal worth stocking up on.", "This Chardonnay is creamy and scented with vanilla, ripe apple and pineapple. The fruit has a slightly overripe quality, a suggestion of funk on the finish, and the vanilla seems artificial. It says unoaked, but that's a lot of vanilla nonetheless.", 'This offers aromas of red berry and blue flowers. The vibrant palate delivers tart red cherry, unripe strawberry and a note of white pepper. Racy acidity and firm tannins make this a good match for pastas topped with ragù or hearty Tuscan soups. END
START HERE This Chardonnay is creamy and scented with vanilla, ripe apple and pineapple. The fruit has a slightly overripe quality, a suggestion of funk on the finish, and the vanilla seems artificial. It says unoaked, but that's a lot of vanilla nonetheless.", 'This offers aromas of red berry and blue flowers. The vibrant palate delivers tart red cherry, unripe strawberry and a note of white pepper. Racy acidity and firm tannins make this a good match for pastas topped with ragù or hearty Tuscan soups.', "This is a simple, one-dimensional Chardonnay. It's dry in style with thin citrus and apricot flavors and just a hint of oak. END
START HERE This offers aromas of red berry and blue flowers. The vibrant palate delivers tart red cherry, unripe strawberry and a note of white pepper. Racy acidity and firm tannins make this a good match for pastas topped with ragù or hearty Tuscan soups.', "This is a simple, one-dimensional Chardonnay. It's dry in style with thin citrus and apricot flavors and just a hint of oak.", 'This is cloudy to the eye, with a mix of vinegar, briny plum and milk chocolate on the nose. The mouthfeel is blowsy, while the flavors are briny and pickled. END
START HERE This is a simple, one-dimensional Chardonnay. It's dry in style with thin citrus and apricot flavors and just a hint of oak.", 'This is cloudy to the eye, with a mix of vinegar, briny plum and milk chocolate on the nose. The mouthfeel is blowsy, while the flavors are briny and pickled.', "The oak makes the largest impression on this wine, with the notes of vanilla and butterscotch out in front of apple and apricot. It's creamy in feel, trailing slightly toward the finish. END
START HERE This is cloudy to the eye, with a mix of vinegar, briny plum and milk chocolate on the nose. The mouthfeel is blowsy, while the flavors are briny and pickled.', "The oak makes the largest impression on this wine, with the notes of vanilla and butterscotch out in front of apple and apricot. It's creamy in feel, trailing slightly toward the finish.", 'This blend of Cabernet Franc (52%) along with Syrah (38%), Cabernet Sauvignon (8%) and 2% Merlot saw just a smidgeon (10%) of new oak. Notes of dried herbs, raspberries and dark chocolate partner with lithe fruit flavors backed by grainy tannins. END
START HERE The oak makes the largest impression on this wine, with the notes of vanilla and butterscotch out in front of apple and apricot. It's creamy in feel, trailing slightly toward the finish.", 'This blend of Cabernet Franc (52%) along with Syrah (38%), Cabernet Sauvignon (8%) and 2% Merlot saw just a smidgeon (10%) of new oak. Notes of dried herbs, raspberries and dark chocolate partner with lithe fruit flavors backed by grainy tannins.', 'This is a round, creamy, soft Chardonnay with resiny aromas. A strange, forced oak flavor dominates the flavor profile, which includes spice more than fruit. On the finish, oak and resin are about all you get. END
START HERE This blend of Cabernet Franc (52%) along with Syrah (38%), Cabernet Sauvignon (8%) and 2% Merlot saw just a smidgeon (10%) of new oak. Notes of dried herbs, raspberries and dark chocolate partner with lithe fruit flavors backed by grainy tannins.', 'This is a round, creamy, soft Chardonnay with resiny aromas. A strange, forced oak flavor dominates the flavor profile, which includes spice more than fruit. On the finish, oak and resin are about all you get.', 'The wine is earthy, leathery and leafy on the nose. In the mouth, hard tannins lead to a stalky tasting, lightly baked set of mature black-fruit flavors. Carob and raisin flavors along with rubbery tannins define the finish. END
START HERE This is a round, creamy, soft Chardonnay with resiny aromas. A strange, forced oak flavor dominates the flavor profile, which includes spice more than fruit. On the finish, oak and resin are about all you get.', 'The wine is earthy, leathery and leafy on the nose. In the mouth, hard tannins lead to a stalky tasting, lightly baked set of mature black-fruit flavors. Carob and raisin flavors along with rubbery tannins define the finish', "This full, ripe wine is rich with strawberry and red plum fruit. It's weighty on the palate with flavors of orange zest and a touch of spice. Brisk acidity cuts through the palate adding freshness on the finish. END
START HERE The wine is earthy, leathery and leafy on the nose. In the mouth, hard tannins lead to a stalky tasting, lightly baked set of mature black-fruit flavors. Carob and raisin flavors along with rubbery tannins define the finish', "This full, ripe wine is rich with strawberry and red plum fruit. It's weighty on the palate with flavors of orange zest and a touch of spice. Brisk acidity cuts through the palate adding freshness on the finish.", 'There was probably too much wood aging of this wine. It shows in the woody character which threatens to smother the black-currant fruit. The acidity at the end helps to give the wine some attraction. END
START HERE This full, ripe wine is rich with strawberry and red plum fruit. It's weighty on the palate with flavors of orange zest and a touch of spice. Brisk acidity cuts through the palate adding freshness on the finish.", 'There was probably too much wood aging of this wine. It shows in the woody character which threatens to smother the black-currant fruit. The acidity at the end helps to give the wine some attraction.', 'Honest, citrusy aromas are simple and nice, while the palate is spritzy, zesty and tastes mildly sweet but also correct with mango, lime, apple and orange flavors. Clean, fun and leaning toward sweet. A good value white to drink immediately. END
START HERE There was probably too much wood aging of this wine. It shows in the woody character which threatens to smother the black-currant fruit. The acidity at the end helps to give the wine some attraction.', 'Honest, citrusy aromas are simple and nice, while the palate is spritzy, zesty and tastes mildly sweet but also correct with mango, lime, apple and orange flavors. Clean, fun and leaning toward sweet. A good value white to drink immediately.', 'Saturated purple in color and grapy on the nose. The palate is mouthfilling but carries semisharp acidity, and the flavors run in the direction of standard black fruit. Notes of mocha and coconut soften the finish, and overall this is a good but rather generic wine. END
START HERE Honest, citrusy aromas are simple and nice, while the palate is spritzy, zesty and tastes mildly sweet but also correct with mango, lime, apple and orange flavors. Clean, fun and leaning toward sweet. A good value white to drink immediately.', 'Saturated purple in color and grapy on the nose. The palate is mouthfilling but carries semisharp acidity, and the flavors run in the direction of standard black fruit. Notes of mocha and coconut soften the finish, and overall this is a good but rather generic wine.', 'The 14 Hands Cabernet is more tightly wound than its companion Merlot, but the flavors follow the same winning formula, with a heavy emphasis on coffee cream and cherry tobacco. A generous streak of kahlua runs down the spine. END
START HERE Saturated purple in color and grapy on the nose. The palate is mouthfilling but carries semisharp acidity, and the flavors run in the direction of standard black fruit. Notes of mocha and coconut soften the finish, and overall this is a good but rather generic wine.', 'The 14 Hands Cabernet is more tightly wound than its companion Merlot, but the flavors follow the same winning formula, with a heavy emphasis on coffee cream and cherry tobacco. A generous streak of kahlua runs down the spine.', "This tastes a bit on the sweet side, with flavors of white sugar, orange, lemon, lime and vanilla. Fortunately, there's a cut of crisp acidity that lends balance. The grapes come mainly from Lake County and Paso Robles. END
START HERE The 14 Hands Cabernet is more tightly wound than its companion Merlot, but the flavors follow the same winning formula, with a heavy emphasis on coffee cream and cherry tobacco. A generous streak of kahlua runs down the spine.', "This tastes a bit on the sweet side, with flavors of white sugar, orange, lemon, lime and vanilla. Fortunately, there's a cut of crisp acidity that lends balance. The grapes come mainly from Lake County and Paso Robles.", 'Crisp cherry tomato and plum aromas turn more dark and grapy with airing. Jammy yet fresh and easy on the palate, this quaffable Malbec delivers simple berry flavors along with an exotic note or two. A short finish falls off fast. END
START HERE This tastes a bit on the sweet side, with flavors of white sugar, orange, lemon, lime and vanilla. Fortunately, there's a cut of crisp acidity that lends balance. The grapes come mainly from Lake County and Paso Robles.", 'Crisp cherry tomato and plum aromas turn more dark and grapy with airing. Jammy yet fresh and easy on the palate, this quaffable Malbec delivers simple berry flavors along with an exotic note or two. A short finish falls off fast.', 'A peppery nose, tart wine, with plenty of acid, perhaps too much acid. The mouthfeel is awkward, unbalanced, and the finish is odd. It tastes over-manipulated. END
START HERE Crisp cherry tomato and plum aromas turn more dark and grapy with airing. Jammy yet fresh and easy on the palate, this quaffable Malbec delivers simple berry flavors along with an exotic note or two. A short finish falls off fast.', 'A peppery nose, tart wine, with plenty of acid, perhaps too much acid. The mouthfeel is awkward, unbalanced, and the finish is odd. It tastes over-manipulated.', 'This ripe, crisp and intensely fruity wine does have a touch of tannin, inevitable with Cabernet Franc, but it is really all about red fruits and refreshing acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE A peppery nose, tart wine, with plenty of acid, perhaps too much acid. The mouthfeel is awkward, unbalanced, and the finish is odd. It tastes over-manipulated.', 'This ripe, crisp and intensely fruity wine does have a touch of tannin, inevitable with Cabernet Franc, but it is really all about red fruits and refreshing acidity. Drink now.', "Wines like this are why Argentina would be best served sticking to reds. This has no bouquet to speak of, and the palate is dilute, tangy, citrusy and sharp. Acceptable but that's it. END
START HERE This ripe, crisp and intensely fruity wine does have a touch of tannin, inevitable with Cabernet Franc, but it is really all about red fruits and refreshing acidity. Drink now.', "Wines like this are why Argentina would be best served sticking to reds. This has no bouquet to speak of, and the palate is dilute, tangy, citrusy and sharp. Acceptable but that's it.", "A little roasted and leafy smelling, which is typical for base-level Chilean Merlot. The palate is sweet almost to the brink of being candied, with plum and chocolate flavors running the show. Not much structure or tannic bite here, but as a whole it's tasty and gets better as it opens up. END
START HERE Wines like this are why Argentina would be best served sticking to reds. This has no bouquet to speak of, and the palate is dilute, tangy, citrusy and sharp. Acceptable but that's it.", "A little roasted and leafy smelling, which is typical for base-level Chilean Merlot. The palate is sweet almost to the brink of being candied, with plum and chocolate flavors running the show. Not much structure or tannic bite here, but as a whole it's tasty and gets better as it opens up.", 'Very lively and jumpy, with bright cherry fruit supported by high-voltage acidity. It hits the high notes, but lacks the bass below, and therefore is ultimately a bit out of balance. Very much a cherry-fruit dominated, one-dimensional wine. END
START HERE A little roasted and leafy smelling, which is typical for base-level Chilean Merlot. The palate is sweet almost to the brink of being candied, with plum and chocolate flavors running the show. Not much structure or tannic bite here, but as a whole it's tasty and gets better as it opens up.", 'Very lively and jumpy, with bright cherry fruit supported by high-voltage acidity. It hits the high notes, but lacks the bass below, and therefore is ultimately a bit out of balance. Very much a cherry-fruit dominated, one-dimensional wine', 'Slightly leafy and damp on the nose, but dense. The palate is solid, with dark cherry and raspberry flavors along with herbal, drying notes and a touch of late bitterness. Spicy late, with coffee on the finish. Carmenère, Petit Verdot and Shiraz is the blend. END
START HERE Very lively and jumpy, with bright cherry fruit supported by high-voltage acidity. It hits the high notes, but lacks the bass below, and therefore is ultimately a bit out of balance. Very much a cherry-fruit dominated, one-dimensional wine', 'Slightly leafy and damp on the nose, but dense. The palate is solid, with dark cherry and raspberry flavors along with herbal, drying notes and a touch of late bitterness. Spicy late, with coffee on the finish. Carmenère, Petit Verdot and Shiraz is the blend.', 'Pinched cherry and berry aromas are lean and leathery. It feels tight and scouring, with oaky, green flavors of berry and cherry. It tastes dried out and herbal on the finish. END
START HERE Slightly leafy and damp on the nose, but dense. The palate is solid, with dark cherry and raspberry flavors along with herbal, drying notes and a touch of late bitterness. Spicy late, with coffee on the finish. Carmenère, Petit Verdot and Shiraz is the blend.', 'Pinched cherry and berry aromas are lean and leathery. It feels tight and scouring, with oaky, green flavors of berry and cherry. It tastes dried out and herbal on the finish.', "This is tart in acidity and tastes of raspberry jam, with a bubblegum-gassiness reminiscent of Beaujolais. It's easy and refreshing. END
START HERE Pinched cherry and berry aromas are lean and leathery. It feels tight and scouring, with oaky, green flavors of berry and cherry. It tastes dried out and herbal on the finish.', "This is tart in acidity and tastes of raspberry jam, with a bubblegum-gassiness reminiscent of Beaujolais. It's easy and refreshing.", 'This is a bold fruity wine that just allows its tannins to build a supporting structure. The black fruits are right up front, full of acidity and with a delicious potential. Drink from 2019. END
START HERE This is tart in acidity and tastes of raspberry jam, with a bubblegum-gassiness reminiscent of Beaujolais. It's easy and refreshing.", 'This is a bold fruity wine that just allows its tannins to build a supporting structure. The black fruits are right up front, full of acidity and with a delicious potential. Drink from 2019.', 'This Cab is pretty thin in flavor, with some unripeness that gives it a green mintiness. However, it has a good core of blackberry flavor. Call it a rustic sipper and drink it now with simple fare. END
START HERE This is a bold fruity wine that just allows its tannins to build a supporting structure. The black fruits are right up front, full of acidity and with a delicious potential. Drink from 2019.', 'This Cab is pretty thin in flavor, with some unripeness that gives it a green mintiness. However, it has a good core of blackberry flavor. Call it a rustic sipper and drink it now with simple fare.', 'Dry, spicy, lightly leafy aromas are mildly fruity. This is grabby and rubbery in feel, with plum and cherry flavors that fall a bit flat on the finish. END
START HERE This Cab is pretty thin in flavor, with some unripeness that gives it a green mintiness. However, it has a good core of blackberry flavor. Call it a rustic sipper and drink it now with simple fare.', 'Dry, spicy, lightly leafy aromas are mildly fruity. This is grabby and rubbery in feel, with plum and cherry flavors that fall a bit flat on the finish.', 'Fiery and clipped on the nose, but then it settles onto red fruits and candy notes. The palate shows good grip and a proper but basic feel, with generic red berry and currant flavors. Solid on the finish; good in a common way. END
START HERE Dry, spicy, lightly leafy aromas are mildly fruity. This is grabby and rubbery in feel, with plum and cherry flavors that fall a bit flat on the finish.', 'Fiery and clipped on the nose, but then it settles onto red fruits and candy notes. The palate shows good grip and a proper but basic feel, with generic red berry and currant flavors. Solid on the finish; good in a common way.', 'The snap pea, tarragon, scallion and passion fruit aromas make this wine easy to identify as Sauvignon Blanc. It feels linear and razor sharp, with sizzling grapefruit and apple flavors. Tangy and very fresh, it turns to lime and green onion on the finish. END
START HERE Fiery and clipped on the nose, but then it settles onto red fruits and candy notes. The palate shows good grip and a proper but basic feel, with generic red berry and currant flavors. Solid on the finish; good in a common way.', 'The snap pea, tarragon, scallion and passion fruit aromas make this wine easy to identify as Sauvignon Blanc. It feels linear and razor sharp, with sizzling grapefruit and apple flavors. Tangy and very fresh, it turns to lime and green onion on the finish.', "The aromas in this wine pop, with notes of dried herb, plum, vanilla and smoked meat. It brings a compelling sense of texture, coating the palate from end to end with exquisitely balanced fruit and savory flavors. It's a knockout at this price. END
START HERE The snap pea, tarragon, scallion and passion fruit aromas make this wine easy to identify as Sauvignon Blanc. It feels linear and razor sharp, with sizzling grapefruit and apple flavors. Tangy and very fresh, it turns to lime and green onion on the finish.', "The aromas in this wine pop, with notes of dried herb, plum, vanilla and smoked meat. It brings a compelling sense of texture, coating the palate from end to end with exquisitely balanced fruit and savory flavors. It's a knockout at this price.", 'This Merlot-based rosé smells cheesy and not all that fruity. Chunky and obtuse on the palate, this tastes of generic citrus and berry fruits. An adequate finish is par for the course. END
START HERE The aromas in this wine pop, with notes of dried herb, plum, vanilla and smoked meat. It brings a compelling sense of texture, coating the palate from end to end with exquisitely balanced fruit and savory flavors. It's a knockout at this price.", 'This Merlot-based rosé smells cheesy and not all that fruity. Chunky and obtuse on the palate, this tastes of generic citrus and berry fruits. An adequate finish is par for the course.', "The only thing holding this value-priced Cab back is that it seems slightly overripe, which results in a bouquet that's mildly cooked and grainy and a palate that's rooty and sweet. But if you like softer tannins and flavors of root beer, chocolate and spice, this has plenty of that. END
START HERE This Merlot-based rosé smells cheesy and not all that fruity. Chunky and obtuse on the palate, this tastes of generic citrus and berry fruits. An adequate finish is par for the course.', "The only thing holding this value-priced Cab back is that it seems slightly overripe, which results in a bouquet that's mildly cooked and grainy and a palate that's rooty and sweet. But if you like softer tannins and flavors of root beer, chocolate and spice, this has plenty of that.", "For lovers of lush, buttery Chardonnay, this is the one to seek out. Generously toasty barrel flavors complement spicy pineapple fruit. It's forward, full-bodied and ready to drink now. END
START HERE The only thing holding this value-priced Cab back is that it seems slightly overripe, which results in a bouquet that's mildly cooked and grainy and a palate that's rooty and sweet. But if you like softer tannins and flavors of root beer, chocolate and spice, this has plenty of that.", "For lovers of lush, buttery Chardonnay, this is the one to seek out. Generously toasty barrel flavors complement spicy pineapple fruit. It's forward, full-bodied and ready to drink now.", 'From the Cognac region, this ripe, totally fruity wine has no suggestion of wood aging. Attractive apple and light citrus flavors are ripe and right up front. Acidity adds freshness to the end. Drink now. END
START HERE For lovers of lush, buttery Chardonnay, this is the one to seek out. Generously toasty barrel flavors complement spicy pineapple fruit. It's forward, full-bodied and ready to drink now.", 'From the Cognac region, this ripe, totally fruity wine has no suggestion of wood aging. Attractive apple and light citrus flavors are ripe and right up front. Acidity adds freshness to the end. Drink now.', 'Neutral aromas offer touches of peach and melon. This feels heavy on the palate, with pithy, slightly bitter flavors of mixed citrus fruits and grass. A bitter note blends with white grapefruit on the finish. END
START HERE From the Cognac region, this ripe, totally fruity wine has no suggestion of wood aging. Attractive apple and light citrus flavors are ripe and right up front. Acidity adds freshness to the end. Drink now.', 'Neutral aromas offer touches of peach and melon. This feels heavy on the palate, with pithy, slightly bitter flavors of mixed citrus fruits and grass. A bitter note blends with white grapefruit on the finish.', "Quite a nice Chardonnay, especially at this price. It's elegant and crisp, with a mineral undertow to the pineapple, buttered toast and honeysuckle flavors. Easy to like for its balance. END
START HERE Neutral aromas offer touches of peach and melon. This feels heavy on the palate, with pithy, slightly bitter flavors of mixed citrus fruits and grass. A bitter note blends with white grapefruit on the finish.', "Quite a nice Chardonnay, especially at this price. It's elegant and crisp, with a mineral undertow to the pineapple, buttered toast and honeysuckle flavors. Easy to like for its balance.", 'Wet, salinic, oceanic and appley on the nose, with snappy, crisp, almost tart flavors of apple and citrus. A pure wine with juicy acids and a monotone finish that sports lemon and green apple. Powerful, pure, acidic and zesty for Chilean Chardonnay. END
START HERE Quite a nice Chardonnay, especially at this price. It's elegant and crisp, with a mineral undertow to the pineapple, buttered toast and honeysuckle flavors. Easy to like for its balance.", 'Wet, salinic, oceanic and appley on the nose, with snappy, crisp, almost tart flavors of apple and citrus. A pure wine with juicy acids and a monotone finish that sports lemon and green apple. Powerful, pure, acidic and zesty for Chilean Chardonnay.', 'Cherry and plum aromas dominate the rather basic bouquet of this wine, which has a saucy, barbecued element to it. It shows tannic grip along with flavors of savory berry and barbeque sauce. The finish tastes spicy and roasted, with grip and push. END
START HERE Wet, salinic, oceanic and appley on the nose, with snappy, crisp, almost tart flavors of apple and citrus. A pure wine with juicy acids and a monotone finish that sports lemon and green apple. Powerful, pure, acidic and zesty for Chilean Chardonnay.', 'Cherry and plum aromas dominate the rather basic bouquet of this wine, which has a saucy, barbecued element to it. It shows tannic grip along with flavors of savory berry and barbeque sauce. The finish tastes spicy and roasted, with grip and push.', "Punchy lime and lemon mark this off-dry Riesling with a staccato rhythm, adding edge to honeyed tones of peach and honeysuckle. Exceptionally priced, it's satisfying and elegant. END
START HERE Cherry and plum aromas dominate the rather basic bouquet of this wine, which has a saucy, barbecued element to it. It shows tannic grip along with flavors of savory berry and barbeque sauce. The finish tastes spicy and roasted, with grip and push.', "Punchy lime and lemon mark this off-dry Riesling with a staccato rhythm, adding edge to honeyed tones of peach and honeysuckle. Exceptionally priced, it's satisfying and elegant.", "This is an oaky Merlot that's thick with black olive and blackberry flavors, encased in a wall of dark chocolate and roasted coffee. Somewhere in the midst of it all is also a taste of bread. END
START HERE Punchy lime and lemon mark this off-dry Riesling with a staccato rhythm, adding edge to honeyed tones of peach and honeysuckle. Exceptionally priced, it's satisfying and elegant.", "This is an oaky Merlot that's thick with black olive and blackberry flavors, encased in a wall of dark chocolate and roasted coffee. Somewhere in the midst of it all is also a taste of bread.", "This Syrah is somewhat tough and gritty in tannins, with a bite of acidity. It's very dry, with flavors of tobacco, herbs, blackberries and cola. A good, sound full-bodied red for drinking now. END
START HERE This is an oaky Merlot that's thick with black olive and blackberry flavors, encased in a wall of dark chocolate and roasted coffee. Somewhere in the midst of it all is also a taste of bread.", "This Syrah is somewhat tough and gritty in tannins, with a bite of acidity. It's very dry, with flavors of tobacco, herbs, blackberries and cola. A good, sound full-bodied red for drinking now.", "Very fruity and soft, this wine blends tropical pineapple aromas with a crisper, lemon zest palate. It's a gentle wine, its acidity tamed by the ripe fruits. Screwcap. END
START HERE This Syrah is somewhat tough and gritty in tannins, with a bite of acidity. It's very dry, with flavors of tobacco, herbs, blackberries and cola. A good, sound full-bodied red for drinking now.", "Very fruity and soft, this wine blends tropical pineapple aromas with a crisper, lemon zest palate. It's a gentle wine, its acidity tamed by the ripe fruits. Screwcap,", 'Lightly abrasive, scratchy aromas of red fruits include a note of bath soap. A lean, prickly palate holds sweet berry and tart plum flavors that struggle to blend. A medicinal tasting finish is regular in feel and length. END
START HERE Very fruity and soft, this wine blends tropical pineapple aromas with a crisper, lemon zest palate. It's a gentle wine, its acidity tamed by the ripe fruits. Screwcap,", 'Lightly abrasive, scratchy aromas of red fruits include a note of bath soap. A lean, prickly palate holds sweet berry and tart plum flavors that struggle to blend. A medicinal tasting finish is regular in feel and length.', 'The aromas are light, with notes of yellow apple and spice. The palate is rounded in feel, showing a lovely sense of texture. END
START HERE Lightly abrasive, scratchy aromas of red fruits include a note of bath soap. A lean, prickly palate holds sweet berry and tart plum flavors that struggle to blend. A medicinal tasting finish is regular in feel and length.', 'The aromas are light, with notes of yellow apple and spice. The palate is rounded in feel, showing a lovely sense of texture.', 'Waterbrook offers up a clean, palate-refreshing style of Sauvignon Blanc, with fruit flavors of melon and mixed fruits. END
START HERE The aromas are light, with notes of yellow apple and spice. The palate is rounded in feel, showing a lovely sense of texture.', 'Waterbrook offers up a clean, palate-refreshing style of Sauvignon Blanc, with fruit flavors of melon and mixed fruits.', 'Fresh and composed, with aromas of asparagus, mineral and citrus. The palate is mild and balanced, with green-infused flavors that hint at bell pepper, green apple and garden-fresh herbs. Slightly pithy and peppery on the tail end, but honest as Casablanca SBs go. Good for quaffing. END
START HERE Waterbrook offers up a clean, palate-refreshing style of Sauvignon Blanc, with fruit flavors of melon and mixed fruits.', 'Fresh and composed, with aromas of asparagus, mineral and citrus. The palate is mild and balanced, with green-infused flavors that hint at bell pepper, green apple and garden-fresh herbs. Slightly pithy and peppery on the tail end, but honest as Casablanca SBs go. Good for quaffing.', "From Bandol producer Sorin, this is a rich wine with just a light saltiness from the vineyard's proximity to the sea. It has pure fruit, an attractive citrus tang and lively line of final acidity. END
START HERE Fresh and composed, with aromas of asparagus, mineral and citrus. The palate is mild and balanced, with green-infused flavors that hint at bell pepper, green apple and garden-fresh herbs. Slightly pithy and peppery on the tail end, but honest as Casablanca SBs go. Good for quaffing.', "From Bandol producer Sorin, this is a rich wine with just a light saltiness from the vineyard's proximity to the sea. It has pure fruit, an attractive citrus tang and lively line of final acidity.", "Here's a direct Chianti Classico with attractive plum and vanilla aromas. The palate shows ripe—nearly overripe—black cherry and raspberry flavors that finish rather abruptly on the dry, tannic finish. END
START HERE From Bandol producer Sorin, this is a rich wine with just a light saltiness from the vineyard's proximity to the sea. It has pure fruit, an attractive citrus tang and lively line of final acidity.", "Here's a direct Chianti Classico with attractive plum and vanilla aromas. The palate shows ripe—nearly overripe—black cherry and raspberry flavors that finish rather abruptly on the dry, tannic finish.", 'Creamy dark-berry aromas carry a floral, blueberry hint, while the thick palate teeters on syrupy as it delivers gummy, mildly baked black fruit flavors. Lactic and full on the finish, with a touch of crusty bitterness along with milk chocolate and/or carob. END
START HERE Here's a direct Chianti Classico with attractive plum and vanilla aromas. The palate shows ripe—nearly overripe—black cherry and raspberry flavors that finish rather abruptly on the dry, tannic finish.", 'Creamy dark-berry aromas carry a floral, blueberry hint, while the thick palate teeters on syrupy as it delivers gummy, mildly baked black fruit flavors. Lactic and full on the finish, with a touch of crusty bitterness along with milk chocolate and/or carob.', 'Montana (sold as Brancott here in the U.S.) has been trying to make good Pinot at a good price for years, and they seem to be getting closer to their goal. The 2007 South Island Pinot blends fruit from Waipara and Marlborough into a soft, round, cuddly whole, redolent of root beer and beet root and ending with a flourish of tart cherries. Drink now. END
START HERE Creamy dark-berry aromas carry a floral, blueberry hint, while the thick palate teeters on syrupy as it delivers gummy, mildly baked black fruit flavors. Lactic and full on the finish, with a touch of crusty bitterness along with milk chocolate and/or carob.', 'Montana (sold as Brancott here in the U.S.) has been trying to make good Pinot at a good price for years, and they seem to be getting closer to their goal. The 2007 South Island Pinot blends fruit from Waipara and Marlborough into a soft, round, cuddly whole, redolent of root beer and beet root and ending with a flourish of tart cherries. Drink now.', "The wine has tempting aromas like marzipan and pineapple, generous fruit flavors and just enough acidity for balance. It's medium-bodied and feels bright and flavorful in the mouth. END
START HERE Montana (sold as Brancott here in the U.S.) has been trying to make good Pinot at a good price for years, and they seem to be getting closer to their goal. The 2007 South Island Pinot blends fruit from Waipara and Marlborough into a soft, round, cuddly whole, redolent of root beer and beet root and ending with a flourish of tart cherries. Drink now.', "The wine has tempting aromas like marzipan and pineapple, generous fruit flavors and just enough acidity for balance. It's medium-bodied and feels bright and flavorful in the mouth.", 'From the foothills of the Provence Alps, this is a soft, fruity wine with easygoing apple and red currant flavors. Light and gently textured, it has acidity and spice to balance the natural fruitiness. END
START HERE The wine has tempting aromas like marzipan and pineapple, generous fruit flavors and just enough acidity for balance. It's medium-bodied and feels bright and flavorful in the mouth.", 'From the foothills of the Provence Alps, this is a soft, fruity wine with easygoing apple and red currant flavors. Light and gently textured, it has acidity and spice to balance the natural fruitiness.', "A well-priced wine packed tight in oak-aged aromas of ripe fruit and spice. There's a warm, jammy feel and the mouthfeel is soft and easy. END
START HERE From the foothills of the Provence Alps, this is a soft, fruity wine with easygoing apple and red currant flavors. Light and gently textured, it has acidity and spice to balance the natural fruitiness.', "A well-priced wine packed tight in oak-aged aromas of ripe fruit and spice. There's a warm, jammy feel and the mouthfeel is soft and easy.", 'This solid value wine would pair perfectly with pizza. An easy expression of Syrah, the wine is soft and silky, with simple, fruity layers of blueberry and cherry. END
START HERE A well-priced wine packed tight in oak-aged aromas of ripe fruit and spice. There's a warm, jammy feel and the mouthfeel is soft and easy.", 'This solid value wine would pair perfectly with pizza. An easy expression of Syrah, the wine is soft and silky, with simple, fruity layers of blueberry and cherry.', "Opens with red fruit aromas that are like a million other generic red wines, while the body has size, grab and stickiness. Flavors of cola, cherry, cassis and plum are red in nature and basically good, while the finish is candied but not overly so. An everyman's Cabernet in every sense of the word. END
START HERE This solid value wine would pair perfectly with pizza. An easy expression of Syrah, the wine is soft and silky, with simple, fruity layers of blueberry and cherry.', "Opens with red fruit aromas that are like a million other generic red wines, while the body has size, grab and stickiness. Flavors of cola, cherry, cassis and plum are red in nature and basically good, while the finish is candied but not overly so. An everyman's Cabernet in every sense of the word.", 'Made to be affordable and easygoing, this is indeed a simple wine, showing light, bright flavors and aromas of apple, cucumber and lime. END
START HERE Opens with red fruit aromas that are like a million other generic red wines, while the body has size, grab and stickiness. Flavors of cola, cherry, cassis and plum are red in nature and basically good, while the finish is candied but not overly so. An everyman's Cabernet in every sense of the word.", 'Made to be affordable and easygoing, this is indeed a simple wine, showing light, bright flavors and aromas of apple, cucumber and lime.', 'Herb aromas and veggie flavors dominate this light-bodied wine. Not much fruit flavor peeks through the herb garden, but the lean white pepper notes and crisp texture are appealing. END
START HERE Made to be affordable and easygoing, this is indeed a simple wine, showing light, bright flavors and aromas of apple, cucumber and lime.', 'Herb aromas and veggie flavors dominate this light-bodied wine. Not much fruit flavor peeks through the herb garden, but the lean white pepper notes and crisp texture are appealing.', 'A big step up from the prior year; the bouquet is spicy, dry, minerally and offers attractive dried flower aromas. The mouthfeel is pure, easygoing and slightly creamy, while the flavors suggest dried raspberry, plum and vanilla for sweetness. Toasty and dry on the finish; elegant for Argentinean PN. END
START HERE Herb aromas and veggie flavors dominate this light-bodied wine. Not much fruit flavor peeks through the herb garden, but the lean white pepper notes and crisp texture are appealing.', 'A big step up from the prior year; the bouquet is spicy, dry, minerally and offers attractive dried flower aromas. The mouthfeel is pure, easygoing and slightly creamy, while the flavors suggest dried raspberry, plum and vanilla for sweetness. Toasty and dry on the finish; elegant for Argentinean PN.', "Heavy, chunky and waxy, and really not that appealing. There's more than enough baked notes, corn and mealy qualities. Not much else to say. END
START HERE A big step up from the prior year; the bouquet is spicy, dry, minerally and offers attractive dried flower aromas. The mouthfeel is pure, easygoing and slightly creamy, while the flavors suggest dried raspberry, plum and vanilla for sweetness. Toasty and dry on the finish; elegant for Argentinean PN.', "Heavy, chunky and waxy, and really not that appealing. There's more than enough baked notes, corn and mealy qualities. Not much else to say.", 'This 90% Sangiovese, 10% Merlot and 10% Canaiolo Chianti opens with subtle blackberry and moist earth aromas. Morello cherry fruit dominates the palate, accented by baking spice notes and round tannins. Enjoy soon. END
START HERE Heavy, chunky and waxy, and really not that appealing. There's more than enough baked notes, corn and mealy qualities. Not much else to say.", 'This 90% Sangiovese, 10% Merlot and 10% Canaiolo Chianti opens with subtle blackberry and moist earth aromas. Morello cherry fruit dominates the palate, accented by baking spice notes and round tannins. Enjoy soon.', 'Good price for a semidry blush wine, crisp and clean in acidity, with such rich fruit. The raspberries and cherries have a minerally component that adds structural elegance. END
START HERE This 90% Sangiovese, 10% Merlot and 10% Canaiolo Chianti opens with subtle blackberry and moist earth aromas. Morello cherry fruit dominates the palate, accented by baking spice notes and round tannins. Enjoy soon.', 'Good price for a semidry blush wine, crisp and clean in acidity, with such rich fruit. The raspberries and cherries have a minerally component that adds structural elegance.', 'Subdued violet, plum and brown spice scents lead this 70% Sangiovese, 20% Ciliegiolo and 10% Canaiolo Chianti. Those aromas carry over to the palate, which is simple and mildly tanninic. Drink soon. END
START HERE Good price for a semidry blush wine, crisp and clean in acidity, with such rich fruit. The raspberries and cherries have a minerally component that adds structural elegance.', 'Subdued violet, plum and brown spice scents lead this 70% Sangiovese, 20% Ciliegiolo and 10% Canaiolo Chianti. Those aromas carry over to the palate, which is simple and mildly tanninic. Drink soon.', 'The bouquet is dense, smoky and rubbery, with powerful meat and berry notes. It shows vitality as well as mild choppiness on the palate, with tobacco, lemon, balsamic vinegar and black fruit flavors. Mildly herbal, it is somewhat creamy and good overall on the finish. END
START HERE Subdued violet, plum and brown spice scents lead this 70% Sangiovese, 20% Ciliegiolo and 10% Canaiolo Chianti. Those aromas carry over to the palate, which is simple and mildly tanninic. Drink soon.', 'The bouquet is dense, smoky and rubbery, with powerful meat and berry notes. It shows vitality as well as mild choppiness on the palate, with tobacco, lemon, balsamic vinegar and black fruit flavors. Mildly herbal, it is somewhat creamy and good overall on the finish.', "Light aromas offer notes of apple and pear. The palate of thhis wine is cleanly made, showing no obvious new-oak impact. It's a straight-down-the-fairway interpretation of this variety. END
START HERE The bouquet is dense, smoky and rubbery, with powerful meat and berry notes. It shows vitality as well as mild choppiness on the palate, with tobacco, lemon, balsamic vinegar and black fruit flavors. Mildly herbal, it is somewhat creamy and good overall on the finish.', "Light aromas offer notes of apple and pear. The palate of thhis wine is cleanly made, showing no obvious new-oak impact. It's a straight-down-the-fairway interpretation of this variety.", 'This one-note Cabernet is overoaked and weakly constituted. A balsam wood note drives the notes and palate, start to finish. END
START HERE Light aromas offer notes of apple and pear. The palate of thhis wine is cleanly made, showing no obvious new-oak impact. It's a straight-down-the-fairway interpretation of this variety.", 'This one-note Cabernet is overoaked and weakly constituted. A balsam wood note drives the notes and palate, start to finish.', 'Ripe sweet peach and nectarine flavors are slightly caramelized in this semidry Riesling. Its spry zesty demeanor is deeply refreshing though, finishing on a revitalizing citrus note. Drink now through 2018. END
START HERE This one-note Cabernet is overoaked and weakly constituted. A balsam wood note drives the notes and palate, start to finish.', 'Ripe sweet peach and nectarine flavors are slightly caramelized in this semidry Riesling. Its spry zesty demeanor is deeply refreshing though, finishing on a revitalizing citrus note. Drink now through 2018.', 'Fresh lime and lemon aromas light up this crisp and tangy wine. The flavors are bright, the texture tight at first but it smooths out on the finish. END
START HERE Ripe sweet peach and nectarine flavors are slightly caramelized in this semidry Riesling. Its spry zesty demeanor is deeply refreshing though, finishing on a revitalizing citrus note. Drink now through 2018.', 'Fresh lime and lemon aromas light up this crisp and tangy wine. The flavors are bright, the texture tight at first but it smooths out on the finish.', 'Fiery and crisp, with decent berry and cherry aromas giving it character. The palate is medium to racy, with zesty raspberry, cherry and rhubarb flavors. Finishes short and a little prickly, with heat and a hint of chocolate. Very basic, but by no means a bad wine. END
START HERE Fresh lime and lemon aromas light up this crisp and tangy wine. The flavors are bright, the texture tight at first but it smooths out on the finish.', 'Fiery and crisp, with decent berry and cherry aromas giving it character. The palate is medium to racy, with zesty raspberry, cherry and rhubarb flavors. Finishes short and a little prickly, with heat and a hint of chocolate. Very basic, but by no means a bad wine.', 'Tastes like Chardonnay with bubbles and yeast. With a slightly sweet finish, this bubbly has flavors of limes, green apples and lees. END
START HERE Fiery and crisp, with decent berry and cherry aromas giving it character. The palate is medium to racy, with zesty raspberry, cherry and rhubarb flavors. Finishes short and a little prickly, with heat and a hint of chocolate. Very basic, but by no means a bad wine.', 'Tastes like Chardonnay with bubbles and yeast. With a slightly sweet finish, this bubbly has flavors of limes, green apples and lees.', 'Herbaceous in aroma, this crisp and dry wine tastes fresh and lean—typical for a Sauvignon Blanc. It smells like parsley and thyme, is lemony and medium bodied on the palate, and has a tangy finish. END
START HERE Tastes like Chardonnay with bubbles and yeast. With a slightly sweet finish, this bubbly has flavors of limes, green apples and lees.', 'Herbaceous in aroma, this crisp and dry wine tastes fresh and lean—typical for a Sauvignon Blanc. It smells like parsley and thyme, is lemony and medium bodied on the palate, and has a tangy finish.', "A pretty, lightweight Pinot, showing the variety's silky texture and cherry flavors, but it thins out on the finish. END
START HERE Herbaceous in aroma, this crisp and dry wine tastes fresh and lean—typical for a Sauvignon Blanc. It smells like parsley and thyme, is lemony and medium bodied on the palate, and has a tangy finish.', "A pretty, lightweight Pinot, showing the variety's silky texture and cherry flavors, but it thins out on the finish.", 'Clammy and pickled smelling on first take, with melon and apple in the background. Feels choppy, with pithy citrus and mealy apple flavors. More or less the same on the finish, but with acidic bite and tang. END
START HERE A pretty, lightweight Pinot, showing the variety's silky texture and cherry flavors, but it thins out on the finish.", 'Clammy and pickled smelling on first take, with melon and apple in the background. Feels choppy, with pithy citrus and mealy apple flavors. More or less the same on the finish, but with acidic bite and tang.', 'Fruity and fresh, this enjoyable red has aromas of red berry and dark spice. Mirroring the nose, the soft, bright palate doles out ripe red cherry and white pepper alongside smooth, supple tannins. Drink soon. END
START HERE Clammy and pickled smelling on first take, with melon and apple in the background. Feels choppy, with pithy citrus and mealy apple flavors. More or less the same on the finish, but with acidic bite and tang.', 'Fruity and fresh, this enjoyable red has aromas of red berry and dark spice. Mirroring the nose, the soft, bright palate doles out ripe red cherry and white pepper alongside smooth, supple tannins. Drink soon.', 'This wine is bone dry, very crisp and fruity. It presents a bright and lively character plus orange peel tang. The acidity at the end is very fresh, with just a touch of caramel. END
START HERE Fruity and fresh, this enjoyable red has aromas of red berry and dark spice. Mirroring the nose, the soft, bright palate doles out ripe red cherry and white pepper alongside smooth, supple tannins. Drink soon.', 'This wine is bone dry, very crisp and fruity. It presents a bright and lively character plus orange peel tang. The acidity at the end is very fresh, with just a touch of caramel.', "Self-described as a “notable every day wine” this meets the challenge. Given the price, it's a winner, with 58% of the grapes coming from the Umpqua Valley AVA. The light strawberry fruit carries herbal and bitter green flavors, yet everything is in proper proportion. END
START HERE This wine is bone dry, very crisp and fruity. It presents a bright and lively character plus orange peel tang. The acidity at the end is very fresh, with just a touch of caramel.', "Self-described as a “notable every day wine” this meets the challenge. Given the price, it's a winner, with 58% of the grapes coming from the Umpqua Valley AVA. The light strawberry fruit carries herbal and bitter green flavors, yet everything is in proper proportion.", "There are pleasant green elements on the nose, and it's light and racy on the palate, with pepper and blackberry flavors, before the mouth-drying tannins arrive. An affordable yet bold Cabernet. END
START HERE Self-described as a “notable every day wine” this meets the challenge. Given the price, it's a winner, with 58% of the grapes coming from the Umpqua Valley AVA. The light strawberry fruit carries herbal and bitter green flavors, yet everything is in proper proportion.", "There are pleasant green elements on the nose, and it's light and racy on the palate, with pepper and blackberry flavors, before the mouth-drying tannins arrive. An affordable yet bold Cabernet.", 'The 14 Hands Cabernet has more grip and authority than the Hot To Trot Red, but perhaps less immediate appeal. Black cherry and fig fruit are swathed in chocolate malt flavors, with a wash of mocha setting up the finish. Take your pick; either of these reds is sure to please. END
START HERE There are pleasant green elements on the nose, and it's light and racy on the palate, with pepper and blackberry flavors, before the mouth-drying tannins arrive. An affordable yet bold Cabernet.", 'The 14 Hands Cabernet has more grip and authority than the Hot To Trot Red, but perhaps less immediate appeal. Black cherry and fig fruit are swathed in chocolate malt flavors, with a wash of mocha setting up the finish. Take your pick; either of these reds is sure to please.', 'Aromas of green bell pepper, chopped herb and crushed tomato vine lead the nose on this bright, fragrant wine. The fruity palate offers juicy white grapefruit and passion fruit alongside mouthwatering acidity. It has a clean, dry finish. END
START HERE The 14 Hands Cabernet has more grip and authority than the Hot To Trot Red, but perhaps less immediate appeal. Black cherry and fig fruit are swathed in chocolate malt flavors, with a wash of mocha setting up the finish. Take your pick; either of these reds is sure to please.', 'Aromas of green bell pepper, chopped herb and crushed tomato vine lead the nose on this bright, fragrant wine. The fruity palate offers juicy white grapefruit and passion fruit alongside mouthwatering acidity. It has a clean, dry finish.', 'Slightly funky and pickled, but also dusty and endowed with raspberry and plum aromas. The palate rests on tangy rhubarb and nectarine, while the bouncy mouthfeel has spritz and kick. If not for the pickled rhubarb character, it would be more strongly recommended. END
START HERE Aromas of green bell pepper, chopped herb and crushed tomato vine lead the nose on this bright, fragrant wine. The fruity palate offers juicy white grapefruit and passion fruit alongside mouthwatering acidity. It has a clean, dry finish.', 'Slightly funky and pickled, but also dusty and endowed with raspberry and plum aromas. The palate rests on tangy rhubarb and nectarine, while the bouncy mouthfeel has spritz and kick. If not for the pickled rhubarb character, it would be more strongly recommended.', 'Mild, melony aromas are tropical in nature and show an oily note of lanolin. This feels heavy, while pithy flavors of melon are full of skin-based pyrazines. Green, bitter flavors taste more of grape skins than fruit. END
START HERE Slightly funky and pickled, but also dusty and endowed with raspberry and plum aromas. The palate rests on tangy rhubarb and nectarine, while the bouncy mouthfeel has spritz and kick. If not for the pickled rhubarb character, it would be more strongly recommended.', 'Mild, melony aromas are tropical in nature and show an oily note of lanolin. This feels heavy, while pithy flavors of melon are full of skin-based pyrazines. Green, bitter flavors taste more of grape skins than fruit.', 'Made from organic fruit, this wine offers luscious cherry and blackberry flavors that arrive in thick, opulent layers. A veil of plush richness covers the palate. END
START HERE Mild, melony aromas are tropical in nature and show an oily note of lanolin. This feels heavy, while pithy flavors of melon are full of skin-based pyrazines. Green, bitter flavors taste more of grape skins than fruit.', 'Made from organic fruit, this wine offers luscious cherry and blackberry flavors that arrive in thick, opulent layers. A veil of plush richness covers the palate.', 'Fresh and fun with a nose of rhubarb and spice. On the palate, strawberry and spice is delicate with a touch of tartness. A great go-to summer sip that will pair nicely with salmon, grilled meats. END
START HERE Made from organic fruit, this wine offers luscious cherry and blackberry flavors that arrive in thick, opulent layers. A veil of plush richness covers the palate.', 'Fresh and fun with a nose of rhubarb and spice. On the palate, strawberry and spice is delicate with a touch of tartness. A great go-to summer sip that will pair nicely with salmon, grilled meats.', 'Dusty saffron and pollen notes lend earthiness to this otherwise ripe, fruity Riesling. Yellow peach and apricot flavors are plump and pert, accented by sunny tangerine sweetness. The finish is brisk but clean. Drink now. END
START HERE Fresh and fun with a nose of rhubarb and spice. On the palate, strawberry and spice is delicate with a touch of tartness. A great go-to summer sip that will pair nicely with salmon, grilled meats.', 'Dusty saffron and pollen notes lend earthiness to this otherwise ripe, fruity Riesling. Yellow peach and apricot flavors are plump and pert, accented by sunny tangerine sweetness. The finish is brisk but clean. Drink now.', 'Kappa is a dark, brooding super Tuscan with a dense, inky color and syrupy aromas of overripe cherry, leather, mesquite, brown sugar and teriyaki sauce. It feels supple and incredibly rich on the finish and would make a great pairing for aged cheese. END
START HERE Dusty saffron and pollen notes lend earthiness to this otherwise ripe, fruity Riesling. Yellow peach and apricot flavors are plump and pert, accented by sunny tangerine sweetness. The finish is brisk but clean. Drink now.', 'Kappa is a dark, brooding super Tuscan with a dense, inky color and syrupy aromas of overripe cherry, leather, mesquite, brown sugar and teriyaki sauce. It feels supple and incredibly rich on the finish and would make a great pairing for aged cheese.', 'This wine shows exceptional freshness on the nose with newly mown grass, hay and lemon fruit. Yarraman is Aboriginal for “wild horse” and the palate has an appropriate kick to it, with crisp acidity suppporting complex lanolin, citrus and pineapple flavors. The finish is surprisingly long. Drink now. END
START HERE Kappa is a dark, brooding super Tuscan with a dense, inky color and syrupy aromas of overripe cherry, leather, mesquite, brown sugar and teriyaki sauce. It feels supple and incredibly rich on the finish and would make a great pairing for aged cheese.', 'This wine shows exceptional freshness on the nose with newly mown grass, hay and lemon fruit. Yarraman is Aboriginal for “wild horse” and the palate has an appropriate kick to it, with crisp acidity suppporting complex lanolin, citrus and pineapple flavors. The finish is surprisingly long. Drink now.', 'Jammy muscled-up aromas of blackberry show hints of spice, especially red chili flake. This feels full, round and comfortable, with moderate tannic clamp. Herbal black-fruit flavors finish bold, with a touch of dry bitter oak. END
START HERE This wine shows exceptional freshness on the nose with newly mown grass, hay and lemon fruit. Yarraman is Aboriginal for “wild horse” and the palate has an appropriate kick to it, with crisp acidity suppporting complex lanolin, citrus and pineapple flavors. The finish is surprisingly long. Drink now.', 'Jammy muscled-up aromas of blackberry show hints of spice, especially red chili flake. This feels full, round and comfortable, with moderate tannic clamp. Herbal black-fruit flavors finish bold, with a touch of dry bitter oak.', 'Very light in body, color and aromas. The nose is punchy and a bit sharp, and so is the palate, which offers crisp, bracing acids to highlight zesty, lean nectarine and tangerine flavors. Quite linear and citric, but experience with this wine says it shows best with food. END
START HERE Jammy muscled-up aromas of blackberry show hints of spice, especially red chili flake. This feels full, round and comfortable, with moderate tannic clamp. Herbal black-fruit flavors finish bold, with a touch of dry bitter oak.', 'Very light in body, color and aromas. The nose is punchy and a bit sharp, and so is the palate, which offers crisp, bracing acids to highlight zesty, lean nectarine and tangerine flavors. Quite linear and citric, but experience with this wine says it shows best with food.', 'Green bean, lime leaf and fynbos lead the bouquet of this herbaceous Sauvy B. The fruit plays second fiddle throughout, though notes of green plum and gooseberry lend support to the palate, while decent acidic lift enlivens the close. Drink now. END
START HERE Very light in body, color and aromas. The nose is punchy and a bit sharp, and so is the palate, which offers crisp, bracing acids to highlight zesty, lean nectarine and tangerine flavors. Quite linear and citric, but experience with this wine says it shows best with food.', 'Green bean, lime leaf and fynbos lead the bouquet of this herbaceous Sauvy B. The fruit plays second fiddle throughout, though notes of green plum and gooseberry lend support to the palate, while decent acidic lift enlivens the close. Drink now.', 'Fresh, fruity aromas center around red apple and cherry. This pink-colored rosé is fairly full in body, with ample acidity. Slightly salty but fruity plum flavors end steady and level. END
START HERE Green bean, lime leaf and fynbos lead the bouquet of this herbaceous Sauvy B. The fruit plays second fiddle throughout, though notes of green plum and gooseberry lend support to the palate, while decent acidic lift enlivens the close. Drink now.', 'Fresh, fruity aromas center around red apple and cherry. This pink-colored rosé is fairly full in body, with ample acidity. Slightly salty but fruity plum flavors end steady and level.', "Full bodied and rich, this has flavors of spice, red plum and caramel. It's quite heavy and dense, so drink it with food. END
START HERE Fresh, fruity aromas center around red apple and cherry. This pink-colored rosé is fairly full in body, with ample acidity. Slightly salty but fruity plum flavors end steady and level.', "Full bodied and rich, this has flavors of spice, red plum and caramel. It's quite heavy and dense, so drink it with food.", 'Still young and fruity, this is a bright, crisp wine packed with red berry fruit flavors. A smoky character underlies the fruit, allowing some toast and spice to come through. Drink from 2016. END
START HERE Full bodied and rich, this has flavors of spice, red plum and caramel. It's quite heavy and dense, so drink it with food.", 'Still young and fruity, this is a bright, crisp wine packed with red berry fruit flavors. A smoky character underlies the fruit, allowing some toast and spice to come through. Drink from 2016.', "Seems slightly confected and perhaps a little off-dry, but it exhibits tasty cinnamon and baked-apple flavors and a dash of peppery spice on the finish. Drink now. Imported by McWilliam's Hanwood Estate. END
START HERE Still young and fruity, this is a bright, crisp wine packed with red berry fruit flavors. A smoky character underlies the fruit, allowing some toast and spice to come through. Drink from 2016.', "Seems slightly confected and perhaps a little off-dry, but it exhibits tasty cinnamon and baked-apple flavors and a dash of peppery spice on the finish. Drink now. Imported by McWilliam's Hanwood Estate.", "This wine is all grapey, jammy deliciousness. It's light-bodied, but full of blackberry jam and grape-jelly flavors, and hard to resist. END
START HERE Seems slightly confected and perhaps a little off-dry, but it exhibits tasty cinnamon and baked-apple flavors and a dash of peppery spice on the finish. Drink now. Imported by McWilliam's Hanwood Estate.", "This wine is all grapey, jammy deliciousness. It's light-bodied, but full of blackberry jam and grape-jelly flavors, and hard to resist.", 'Produced from the Foglia Tonda varietal, this is aged for two years in oak barrels to produce a hearty, dense wine. It exudes aromas of ripe fruit, raspberry jam and pipe tobacco, and the palate feels generous and velvety. END
START HERE This wine is all grapey, jammy deliciousness. It's light-bodied, but full of blackberry jam and grape-jelly flavors, and hard to resist.", 'Produced from the Foglia Tonda varietal, this is aged for two years in oak barrels to produce a hearty, dense wine. It exudes aromas of ripe fruit, raspberry jam and pipe tobacco, and the palate feels generous and velvety.', "Dark, meaty and mellow on the nose, with blackberry and a distant hint of tomato leaf. It's a fraction candied and scratchy in the mouth, but the mildly herbal plum and cherry flavors are solid. Sweet and slightly smoky on the finish, with fading substance the longer it goes. END
START HERE Produced from the Foglia Tonda varietal, this is aged for two years in oak barrels to produce a hearty, dense wine. It exudes aromas of ripe fruit, raspberry jam and pipe tobacco, and the palate feels generous and velvety.', "Dark, meaty and mellow on the nose, with blackberry and a distant hint of tomato leaf. It's a fraction candied and scratchy in the mouth, but the mildly herbal plum and cherry flavors are solid. Sweet and slightly smoky on the finish, with fading substance the longer it goes.", "Whiffs of slate and river rocks are replaced by ripe juicy melon and tangerine flavors in this zesty delicately textured Riesling. It's a straightforward Kabinett but offers loads of juicy fruity refreshment. The finish is moderately long, marked by a pleasantly waxy mineral undertone. Drink now through 2019. END
START HERE Dark, meaty and mellow on the nose, with blackberry and a distant hint of tomato leaf. It's a fraction candied and scratchy in the mouth, but the mildly herbal plum and cherry flavors are solid. Sweet and slightly smoky on the finish, with fading substance the longer it goes.", "Whiffs of slate and river rocks are replaced by ripe juicy melon and tangerine flavors in this zesty delicately textured Riesling. It's a straightforward Kabinett but offers loads of juicy fruity refreshment. The finish is moderately long, marked by a pleasantly waxy mineral undertone. Drink now through 2019.", "From vines in the heart of the Entre-deux-Mers, the wine is fresh, fruity and light. It has red-currant flavors that are bright and crisp. It's perfumed by the Cabernet Franc that dominates the blend. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE Whiffs of slate and river rocks are replaced by ripe juicy melon and tangerine flavors in this zesty delicately textured Riesling. It's a straightforward Kabinett but offers loads of juicy fruity refreshment. The finish is moderately long, marked by a pleasantly waxy mineral undertone. Drink now through 2019.", "From vines in the heart of the Entre-deux-Mers, the wine is fresh, fruity and light. It has red-currant flavors that are bright and crisp. It's perfumed by the Cabernet Franc that dominates the blend. Drink from 2018.", 'Black-fruit aromas are matched and ultimately outweighed by oak-based chocolate and vanilla. This feels grabby and rubbery, with oaky flavors of plum, raspberry and vanilla. A creamy, resiny finish with chocolate and spice flavors wraps things up. END
START HERE From vines in the heart of the Entre-deux-Mers, the wine is fresh, fruity and light. It has red-currant flavors that are bright and crisp. It's perfumed by the Cabernet Franc that dominates the blend. Drink from 2018.", 'Black-fruit aromas are matched and ultimately outweighed by oak-based chocolate and vanilla. This feels grabby and rubbery, with oaky flavors of plum, raspberry and vanilla. A creamy, resiny finish with chocolate and spice flavors wraps things up.', "This rounded, ripe SB makes the most of its peach and tropical fruit flavors. Green plums lend structure to this soft wine, but there's a full, crisp aftertaste. Screwcap. END
START HERE Black-fruit aromas are matched and ultimately outweighed by oak-based chocolate and vanilla. This feels grabby and rubbery, with oaky flavors of plum, raspberry and vanilla. A creamy, resiny finish with chocolate and spice flavors wraps things up.', "This rounded, ripe SB makes the most of its peach and tropical fruit flavors. Green plums lend structure to this soft wine, but there's a full, crisp aftertaste. Screwcap.", 'Dry, lean and tight, this is a crisply mineral Sauvignon Blanc that manges to avoid any sense of grassiness or overly herbal notes, instead focusing on a narrow range of fruit flavors: green apple, lime and grapefruit. Fine as an apéritif or with light seafood dishes. Drink now. END
START HERE This rounded, ripe SB makes the most of its peach and tropical fruit flavors. Green plums lend structure to this soft wine, but there's a full, crisp aftertaste. Screwcap.", 'Dry, lean and tight, this is a crisply mineral Sauvignon Blanc that manges to avoid any sense of grassiness or overly herbal notes, instead focusing on a narrow range of fruit flavors: green apple, lime and grapefruit. Fine as an apéritif or with light seafood dishes. Drink now.', "Dark in color, with grassy aromas of sugar beet and raisin, this doesn't smell much like typical Pinot Noir. A heavy palate that pinches shows flavors of cherry and medicinal black plum, while a sweet finish tastes of prune. END
START HERE Dry, lean and tight, this is a crisply mineral Sauvignon Blanc that manges to avoid any sense of grassiness or overly herbal notes, instead focusing on a narrow range of fruit flavors: green apple, lime and grapefruit. Fine as an apéritif or with light seafood dishes. Drink now.', "Dark in color, with grassy aromas of sugar beet and raisin, this doesn't smell much like typical Pinot Noir. A heavy palate that pinches shows flavors of cherry and medicinal black plum, while a sweet finish tastes of prune.", 'Oily, uric aromas of nettle and cactus are at the forefront. This shows reasonable mouthfeel and citric kick, while briny, salty, pyrazinic flavors of citrus fruits finish chalky, salty and sharp. END
START HERE Dark in color, with grassy aromas of sugar beet and raisin, this doesn't smell much like typical Pinot Noir. A heavy palate that pinches shows flavors of cherry and medicinal black plum, while a sweet finish tastes of prune.", 'Oily, uric aromas of nettle and cactus are at the forefront. This shows reasonable mouthfeel and citric kick, while briny, salty, pyrazinic flavors of citrus fruits finish chalky, salty and sharp.', 'This is a solid, jammy red that offers forward notes of black plum, cherry and berry. The medium-weight mouthfeel is direct and attractive, as the juicy black-fruit flavors are complemented by moderate tannins and balanced alcohol. A well-done and immediately accessible selection to enjoy now. END
START HERE Oily, uric aromas of nettle and cactus are at the forefront. This shows reasonable mouthfeel and citric kick, while briny, salty, pyrazinic flavors of citrus fruits finish chalky, salty and sharp.', 'This is a solid, jammy red that offers forward notes of black plum, cherry and berry. The medium-weight mouthfeel is direct and attractive, as the juicy black-fruit flavors are complemented by moderate tannins and balanced alcohol. A well-done and immediately accessible selection to enjoy now.', "Almost red in color, and maybe already past its prime. Crios was a standout in 2006, but the '07 is chunky and sweet smelling, with ripe but dull apple, melon and nectarine flavors. Soft and already in its late stages; probably best to wait for the 2008. END
START HERE This is a solid, jammy red that offers forward notes of black plum, cherry and berry. The medium-weight mouthfeel is direct and attractive, as the juicy black-fruit flavors are complemented by moderate tannins and balanced alcohol. A well-done and immediately accessible selection to enjoy now.', "Almost red in color, and maybe already past its prime. Crios was a standout in 2006, but the '07 is chunky and sweet smelling, with ripe but dull apple, melon and nectarine flavors. Soft and already in its late stages; probably best to wait for the 2008.", 'Aromas of sandalwood and Middle Eastern spices feed into a creamy palate with little to no acidic cut. Flavors of caramel and milk chocolate rest on one side of a flavor void, while herbal, green notes reside on the other side, while the finish is resiny and lactic. END
START HERE Almost red in color, and maybe already past its prime. Crios was a standout in 2006, but the '07 is chunky and sweet smelling, with ripe but dull apple, melon and nectarine flavors. Soft and already in its late stages; probably best to wait for the 2008.", 'Aromas of sandalwood and Middle Eastern spices feed into a creamy palate with little to no acidic cut. Flavors of caramel and milk chocolate rest on one side of a flavor void, while herbal, green notes reside on the other side, while the finish is resiny and lactic.', 'Concentrated aromas of plum and black currant come with a leathery, earthy accent. Dense, jammy and ripe in feel, this features blackberry, baked plum and chocolate flavors. A licorice note and controlled heat rise up on a powerful finish. END
START HERE Aromas of sandalwood and Middle Eastern spices feed into a creamy palate with little to no acidic cut. Flavors of caramel and milk chocolate rest on one side of a flavor void, while herbal, green notes reside on the other side, while the finish is resiny and lactic.', 'Concentrated aromas of plum and black currant come with a leathery, earthy accent. Dense, jammy and ripe in feel, this features blackberry, baked plum and chocolate flavors. A licorice note and controlled heat rise up on a powerful finish.', 'Bold oak aromas like wood smoke and toasted baguette meet almost-sweet flavors like cherries, plums and a bit of maple syrup in this medium-bodied wine. END
START HERE Concentrated aromas of plum and black currant come with a leathery, earthy accent. Dense, jammy and ripe in feel, this features blackberry, baked plum and chocolate flavors. A licorice note and controlled heat rise up on a powerful finish.', 'Bold oak aromas like wood smoke and toasted baguette meet almost-sweet flavors like cherries, plums and a bit of maple syrup in this medium-bodied wine.', 'A bright and crisp wine with its red currant and raspberry flavors that are lifted by the delicious acidity. It is lively, and ready to drink. END
START HERE Bold oak aromas like wood smoke and toasted baguette meet almost-sweet flavors like cherries, plums and a bit of maple syrup in this medium-bodied wine.', 'A bright and crisp wine with its red currant and raspberry flavors that are lifted by the delicious acidity. It is lively, and ready to drink.', 'More complex and richly textured than most Provençal rosés, this wine is a treat, from its mineral-laden, smoky aromas to its ripe cherry-berry flavors and layered finish. Drink now, although it has enough stuffing to suggest it might last longer than just a single summer. END
START HERE A bright and crisp wine with its red currant and raspberry flavors that are lifted by the delicious acidity. It is lively, and ready to drink.', 'More complex and richly textured than most Provençal rosés, this wine is a treat, from its mineral-laden, smoky aromas to its ripe cherry-berry flavors and layered finish. Drink now, although it has enough stuffing to suggest it might last longer than just a single summer.', 'Tangy green-apple aromas and flavors make this medium-bodied wine refreshing, crisp and palate-cleansing. The texture is vibrant and the finish lively. END
START HERE More complex and richly textured than most Provençal rosés, this wine is a treat, from its mineral-laden, smoky aromas to its ripe cherry-berry flavors and layered finish. Drink now, although it has enough stuffing to suggest it might last longer than just a single summer.', 'Tangy green-apple aromas and flavors make this medium-bodied wine refreshing, crisp and palate-cleansing. The texture is vibrant and the finish lively.', "This Merlot is of everyday quality, with an easy-to-like silky texture and soft, almost sweet flavors of cherry, mocha and spice. It's not a bad value, and it should be widely available. END
START HERE Tangy green-apple aromas and flavors make this medium-bodied wine refreshing, crisp and palate-cleansing. The texture is vibrant and the finish lively.', "This Merlot is of everyday quality, with an easy-to-like silky texture and soft, almost sweet flavors of cherry, mocha and spice. It's not a bad value, and it should be widely available.", "Innocuous on the nose, with hints of mild oak and white fruit, this feels zesty and lean, with citrus and melon flavors. It's mellow, sweet and easy. END
START HERE This Merlot is of everyday quality, with an easy-to-like silky texture and soft, almost sweet flavors of cherry, mocha and spice. It's not a bad value, and it should be widely available.", "Innocuous on the nose, with hints of mild oak and white fruit, this feels zesty and lean, with citrus and melon flavors. It's mellow, sweet and easy.", "Cherry red, aromatic with scents of crushed roses, strawberries and cherries, this brings a gentle touch of sweetness to the lush fruit flavors. It's pretty as can be, bursting with strawberry fruit, and a very good value. Drink chilled with mild cheeses. END
START HERE Innocuous on the nose, with hints of mild oak and white fruit, this feels zesty and lean, with citrus and melon flavors. It's mellow, sweet and easy.", "Cherry red, aromatic with scents of crushed roses, strawberries and cherries, this brings a gentle touch of sweetness to the lush fruit flavors. It's pretty as can be, bursting with strawberry fruit, and a very good value. Drink chilled with mild cheeses.", 'A crisp, caramel- and red-fruit-flavored blend of Castelão, Touriga Nacional and Syrah, this is ready to drink. Produced at Casa Ermelinda Freitas winery, it has a salty edge from the nearby ocean, finishing with plenty of acidity. END
START HERE Cherry red, aromatic with scents of crushed roses, strawberries and cherries, this brings a gentle touch of sweetness to the lush fruit flavors. It's pretty as can be, bursting with strawberry fruit, and a very good value. Drink chilled with mild cheeses.", 'A crisp, caramel- and red-fruit-flavored blend of Castelão, Touriga Nacional and Syrah, this is ready to drink. Produced at Casa Ermelinda Freitas winery, it has a salty edge from the nearby ocean, finishing with plenty of acidity.', 'Toast, black fruit and herbal aromas are 100% typical of value-priced Merlot from Chile. This feels fresh, wiry and a bit choppy, while herbal plum and raspberry flavors come with touches of licorice, mint, toast and anise. END
START HERE A crisp, caramel- and red-fruit-flavored blend of Castelão, Touriga Nacional and Syrah, this is ready to drink. Produced at Casa Ermelinda Freitas winery, it has a salty edge from the nearby ocean, finishing with plenty of acidity.', 'Toast, black fruit and herbal aromas are 100% typical of value-priced Merlot from Chile. This feels fresh, wiry and a bit choppy, while herbal plum and raspberry flavors come with touches of licorice, mint, toast and anise.', 'Overripe jammy plum and berry aromas dominate the nose. The palate is almost cloying, and heavy with candied berry flavors on the finish. END
START HERE Toast, black fruit and herbal aromas are 100% typical of value-priced Merlot from Chile. This feels fresh, wiry and a bit choppy, while herbal plum and raspberry flavors come with touches of licorice, mint, toast and anise.', 'Overripe jammy plum and berry aromas dominate the nose. The palate is almost cloying, and heavy with candied berry flavors on the finish.', 'This is tight and closed, with bitter tannins. It takes a while for the red berry flavor to surface, offering a wine that has potential for richness in 3–4 years time. It will always have a final, mineral-driven tautness. END
START HERE Overripe jammy plum and berry aromas dominate the nose. The palate is almost cloying, and heavy with candied berry flavors on the finish.', 'This is tight and closed, with bitter tannins. It takes a while for the red berry flavor to surface, offering a wine that has potential for richness in 3–4 years time. It will always have a final, mineral-driven tautness.', 'This simple Chardonnay is tropical fruit driven, with a floral aroma and a twang of resiny oak. The palate seems slightly disjointed in feel, briny in flavor and citric on the finish. END
START HERE This is tight and closed, with bitter tannins. It takes a while for the red berry flavor to surface, offering a wine that has potential for richness in 3–4 years time. It will always have a final, mineral-driven tautness.', 'This simple Chardonnay is tropical fruit driven, with a floral aroma and a twang of resiny oak. The palate seems slightly disjointed in feel, briny in flavor and citric on the finish.', 'Heat, spice, oregano and earthy black fruit aromas are granular and raisiny. The palate is thick like berry syrup, with creamy, sweet, gummy flavors that suggest blackberry candy and molasses. Roasted and herbal; strange on the finish. END
START HERE This simple Chardonnay is tropical fruit driven, with a floral aroma and a twang of resiny oak. The palate seems slightly disjointed in feel, briny in flavor and citric on the finish.', 'Heat, spice, oregano and earthy black fruit aromas are granular and raisiny. The palate is thick like berry syrup, with creamy, sweet, gummy flavors that suggest blackberry candy and molasses. Roasted and herbal; strange on the finish.', "This light and refreshing SB offers mild apple and citrus aromas, a snappy, citric palate and basic flavors of green apple and lime. As a whole, it's a cleansing but fairly standard wine. END
START HERE Heat, spice, oregano and earthy black fruit aromas are granular and raisiny. The palate is thick like berry syrup, with creamy, sweet, gummy flavors that suggest blackberry candy and molasses. Roasted and herbal; strange on the finish.', "This light and refreshing SB offers mild apple and citrus aromas, a snappy, citric palate and basic flavors of green apple and lime. As a whole, it's a cleansing but fairly standard wine.", 'A softer than usual style of Sauvignon Blanc, this drinks more like a Chardonnay. It features honeydew melon and kiwi flavors, low acidity and a smooth texture. END
START HERE This light and refreshing SB offers mild apple and citrus aromas, a snappy, citric palate and basic flavors of green apple and lime. As a whole, it's a cleansing but fairly standard wine.", 'A softer than usual style of Sauvignon Blanc, this drinks more like a Chardonnay. It features honeydew melon and kiwi flavors, low acidity and a smooth texture.', "Santa Carolina of Chile is behind this Uco Valley producer, and for two years running this wine has rated the same. It starts with adequate but generic plum and blackberry aromas, yet the palate is acidic and tangy, with slightly herbal black fruit and raspberry flavors. Decent but not what you'd call a distinguished Cabernet. Imported by Carolina Wine Brands USA. END
START HERE A softer than usual style of Sauvignon Blanc, this drinks more like a Chardonnay. It features honeydew melon and kiwi flavors, low acidity and a smooth texture.', "Santa Carolina of Chile is behind this Uco Valley producer, and for two years running this wine has rated the same. It starts with adequate but generic plum and blackberry aromas, yet the palate is acidic and tangy, with slightly herbal black fruit and raspberry flavors. Decent but not what you'd call a distinguished Cabernet. Imported by Carolina Wine Brands USA.", "A pure and proper Cabernet with aromas of balsam wood, toast, berry and cassis. There's some power and kick on the palate, but the overall feel is good. So are the flavors of cassis, raspberry and plum. Spicy on the finish, with a bit of piquant heat. END
START HERE Santa Carolina of Chile is behind this Uco Valley producer, and for two years running this wine has rated the same. It starts with adequate but generic plum and blackberry aromas, yet the palate is acidic and tangy, with slightly herbal black fruit and raspberry flavors. Decent but not what you'd call a distinguished Cabernet. Imported by Carolina Wine Brands USA.", "A pure and proper Cabernet with aromas of balsam wood, toast, berry and cassis. There's some power and kick on the palate, but the overall feel is good. So are the flavors of cassis, raspberry and plum. Spicy on the finish, with a bit of piquant heat.", "Dry berry aromas feature a minty, spicy side. The palate feels drying, with a raspberry flavor and a green herb note. It's medium-bodied, with a hint of plum in addition to resiny wood and green flavors on the finish. END
START HERE A pure and proper Cabernet with aromas of balsam wood, toast, berry and cassis. There's some power and kick on the palate, but the overall feel is good. So are the flavors of cassis, raspberry and plum. Spicy on the finish, with a bit of piquant heat.", "Dry berry aromas feature a minty, spicy side. The palate feels drying, with a raspberry flavor and a green herb note. It's medium-bodied, with a hint of plum in addition to resiny wood and green flavors on the finish.", 'Initially a little rustic, the wine does open out. It is smoky, fruity with the acidity of the vintage. END
START HERE Dry berry aromas feature a minty, spicy side. The palate feels drying, with a raspberry flavor and a green herb note. It's medium-bodied, with a hint of plum in addition to resiny wood and green flavors on the finish.", 'Initially a little rustic, the wine does open out. It is smoky, fruity with the acidity of the vintage.', "After its rather sugary 2006 version of this wine, Maryhill has returned to a more authentic, grassy style in 2007, with the alcohol back up over 14%. It's a big improvement, showing varietal character and ripe flavors of melon and grapefruit. END
START HERE Initially a little rustic, the wine does open out. It is smoky, fruity with the acidity of the vintage.', "After its rather sugary 2006 version of this wine, Maryhill has returned to a more authentic, grassy style in 2007, with the alcohol back up over 14%. It's a big improvement, showing varietal character and ripe flavors of melon and grapefruit.", 'Maybe a little more ripe and heady than some of its Chilean buddies, but this SB from Montes offers freshness, zip and good citrus, tarragon and other green-herb flavors. The feel is good, the character fresh, and the finish long and clean. Offers maybe a little more green-leaf character than some might like, but overall this is another fine value SB from Chile. Drink immediately. END
START HERE After its rather sugary 2006 version of this wine, Maryhill has returned to a more authentic, grassy style in 2007, with the alcohol back up over 14%. It's a big improvement, showing varietal character and ripe flavors of melon and grapefruit.", 'Maybe a little more ripe and heady than some of its Chilean buddies, but this SB from Montes offers freshness, zip and good citrus, tarragon and other green-herb flavors. The feel is good, the character fresh, and the finish long and clean. Offers maybe a little more green-leaf character than some might like, but overall this is another fine value SB from Chile. Drink immediately.', 'A blend of 80% Sangiovese and 20% Montepulciano, this opens with savory aromas of tobacco, leather, cola, cherry cola and white licorice. The mouthfeel is fresh, light and slightly tart on the finish. END
START HERE Maybe a little more ripe and heady than some of its Chilean buddies, but this SB from Montes offers freshness, zip and good citrus, tarragon and other green-herb flavors. The feel is good, the character fresh, and the finish long and clean. Offers maybe a little more green-leaf character than some might like, but overall this is another fine value SB from Chile. Drink immediately.', 'A blend of 80% Sangiovese and 20% Montepulciano, this opens with savory aromas of tobacco, leather, cola, cherry cola and white licorice. The mouthfeel is fresh, light and slightly tart on the finish.', 'Always a good buy and always big and husky, Gascón is a saturated and dark wine but one with good balance and texture. The nose features cola, boysenberry and density, while the palate is sweet and floral, with big berry flavors. Quite good for a fat young Malbec. END
START HERE A blend of 80% Sangiovese and 20% Montepulciano, this opens with savory aromas of tobacco, leather, cola, cherry cola and white licorice. The mouthfeel is fresh, light and slightly tart on the finish.', 'Always a good buy and always big and husky, Gascón is a saturated and dark wine but one with good balance and texture. The nose features cola, boysenberry and density, while the palate is sweet and floral, with big berry flavors. Quite good for a fat young Malbec.', 'This 50/50 Duras and Syrah blend from father and son Jean Paul and Nicolas Hirissou is a ripe, fruity wine that is attractively mature. It is finely integrated with berry fruits that are lifted by the acidity and given a fine shape by the gentle tannins. The wine is ready to drink. END
START HERE Always a good buy and always big and husky, Gascón is a saturated and dark wine but one with good balance and texture. The nose features cola, boysenberry and density, while the palate is sweet and floral, with big berry flavors. Quite good for a fat young Malbec.', 'This 50/50 Duras and Syrah blend from father and son Jean Paul and Nicolas Hirissou is a ripe, fruity wine that is attractively mature. It is finely integrated with berry fruits that are lifted by the acidity and given a fine shape by the gentle tannins. The wine is ready to drink.', 'A whole new generation of Italian rosé is finally gaining the attention it deserves. This is an exceptionally fresh and clean wine that would pair with smoked salmon, fish carpaccio or insalata di mare. END
START HERE This 50/50 Duras and Syrah blend from father and son Jean Paul and Nicolas Hirissou is a ripe, fruity wine that is attractively mature. It is finely integrated with berry fruits that are lifted by the acidity and given a fine shape by the gentle tannins. The wine is ready to drink.', 'A whole new generation of Italian rosé is finally gaining the attention it deserves. This is an exceptionally fresh and clean wine that would pair with smoked salmon, fish carpaccio or insalata di mare.', "This is a wine that relishes its dark color, its deep pigment. It's just as dense on the palate with concentrated black fruits and an earthy edge. There's no wood here, just ripe blackberry fruitiness that will age for a year before being ready to drink. Drink from 2017. END
START HERE A whole new generation of Italian rosé is finally gaining the attention it deserves. This is an exceptionally fresh and clean wine that would pair with smoked salmon, fish carpaccio or insalata di mare.', "This is a wine that relishes its dark color, its deep pigment. It's just as dense on the palate with concentrated black fruits and an earthy edge. There's no wood here, just ripe blackberry fruitiness that will age for a year before being ready to drink. Drink from 2017.", "This broad wine has apple and pear flavors and a smooth texture. It's all ripe and creamy fruit, with well-balanced acidity. END
START HERE This is a wine that relishes its dark color, its deep pigment. It's just as dense on the palate with concentrated black fruits and an earthy edge. There's no wood here, just ripe blackberry fruitiness that will age for a year before being ready to drink. Drink from 2017.", "This broad wine has apple and pear flavors and a smooth texture. It's all ripe and creamy fruit, with well-balanced acidity.", 'Grass and mango aromas show a note of fresh white mushroom. This SB is simple, modest and round in feel. Flavors of orange and passion fruit are direct, while a plump, citrusy finish keeps things lively and in tune. END
START HERE This broad wine has apple and pear flavors and a smooth texture. It's all ripe and creamy fruit, with well-balanced acidity.", 'Grass and mango aromas show a note of fresh white mushroom. This SB is simple, modest and round in feel. Flavors of orange and passion fruit are direct, while a plump, citrusy finish keeps things lively and in tune.', 'Aromas of pink grapefruit, grass and coriander seed open the palate of this wine. Passion fruit, apricot, green apple and freshly chopped parsley mark the palate, with a touch of iodine on the finish. END
START HERE Grass and mango aromas show a note of fresh white mushroom. This SB is simple, modest and round in feel. Flavors of orange and passion fruit are direct, while a plump, citrusy finish keeps things lively and in tune.', 'Aromas of pink grapefruit, grass and coriander seed open the palate of this wine. Passion fruit, apricot, green apple and freshly chopped parsley mark the palate, with a touch of iodine on the finish.', "Light, smoky aromas and juicy, fruity flavors make this medium-bodied wine easy to enjoy. From a breezy delta vineyard, it's neither big nor overtly oaky but well-balanced and smooth in texture. END
START HERE Aromas of pink grapefruit, grass and coriander seed open the palate of this wine. Passion fruit, apricot, green apple and freshly chopped parsley mark the palate, with a touch of iodine on the finish.', "Light, smoky aromas and juicy, fruity flavors make this medium-bodied wine easy to enjoy. From a breezy delta vineyard, it's neither big nor overtly oaky but well-balanced and smooth in texture.", 'A bold and chunky customer with multiple personalities. The nose has big black fruit, smoke, leather, barrel char and even some wet dog smells, while the palate is easygoing and full, with herbal, roasted fruit and spice. Long and mostly true on the finish. Uncomplicated but solid. END
START HERE Light, smoky aromas and juicy, fruity flavors make this medium-bodied wine easy to enjoy. From a breezy delta vineyard, it's neither big nor overtly oaky but well-balanced and smooth in texture.", 'A bold and chunky customer with multiple personalities. The nose has big black fruit, smoke, leather, barrel char and even some wet dog smells, while the palate is easygoing and full, with herbal, roasted fruit and spice. Long and mostly true on the finish. Uncomplicated but solid.', "A bulky wine with aromas of dried herbs, pepper and black fruits. It's meaty and thick in the mouth, with grapey, herbal flavors. Unfolds fairly nicely on the finish, with the wine's herbal character locking in. A good example of Chilean Malbec that's more basic than complex. END
START HERE A bold and chunky customer with multiple personalities. The nose has big black fruit, smoke, leather, barrel char and even some wet dog smells, while the palate is easygoing and full, with herbal, roasted fruit and spice. Long and mostly true on the finish. Uncomplicated but solid.', "A bulky wine with aromas of dried herbs, pepper and black fruits. It's meaty and thick in the mouth, with grapey, herbal flavors. Unfolds fairly nicely on the finish, with the wine's herbal character locking in. A good example of Chilean Malbec that's more basic than complex.", 'This is a soft, simple, light and fruity wine. Its lively acidity is refreshing and crisp. It has a fragrant perfume and is ready to drink. END
START HERE A bulky wine with aromas of dried herbs, pepper and black fruits. It's meaty and thick in the mouth, with grapey, herbal flavors. Unfolds fairly nicely on the finish, with the wine's herbal character locking in. A good example of Chilean Malbec that's more basic than complex.", 'This is a soft, simple, light and fruity wine. Its lively acidity is refreshing and crisp. It has a fragrant perfume and is ready to drink.', 'This simple, easy-drinking expression of Morellino offers aromas and flavors of black cherry and raspberry alongside fresh acidity and wispy, fleeting tannins. END
START HERE This is a soft, simple, light and fruity wine. Its lively acidity is refreshing and crisp. It has a fragrant perfume and is ready to drink.', 'This simple, easy-drinking expression of Morellino offers aromas and flavors of black cherry and raspberry alongside fresh acidity and wispy, fleeting tannins.', "Jammy and a bit scratchy on the nose, and also sort of dull and earthy. In the mouth, it's tangy and citrusy, bordering on sour tasting, with pie cherry, plum and light savory notes. Finishes red and juicy, but with a tomato accent. END
START HERE This simple, easy-drinking expression of Morellino offers aromas and flavors of black cherry and raspberry alongside fresh acidity and wispy, fleeting tannins.', "Jammy and a bit scratchy on the nose, and also sort of dull and earthy. In the mouth, it's tangy and citrusy, bordering on sour tasting, with pie cherry, plum and light savory notes. Finishes red and juicy, but with a tomato accent.", 'Light aromas of spice, yellow apple and butter are followed by viscous, sweet fruit flavors. It provides easy-drinking appeal. END
START HERE Jammy and a bit scratchy on the nose, and also sort of dull and earthy. In the mouth, it's tangy and citrusy, bordering on sour tasting, with pie cherry, plum and light savory notes. Finishes red and juicy, but with a tomato accent.", 'Light aromas of spice, yellow apple and butter are followed by viscous, sweet fruit flavors. It provides easy-drinking appeal.', 'Smooth, ripe wine, laced with acidity and green melon flavors, this is a purely fruity Chardonnay, without wood. It is young and fresh but has enough weight to give a dense, full finish, with some yellow fruit flavors. Screwcap. END
START HERE Light aromas of spice, yellow apple and butter are followed by viscous, sweet fruit flavors. It provides easy-drinking appeal.', 'Smooth, ripe wine, laced with acidity and green melon flavors, this is a purely fruity Chardonnay, without wood. It is young and fresh but has enough weight to give a dense, full finish, with some yellow fruit flavors. Screwcap.', 'A blend of 70% Sangiovese and 30% Merlot, this simple, informal red presents violet, berry and herbaceous aromas. The easy-drinking palate doles out blackberry and wild cherry with soft acidity. END
START HERE Smooth, ripe wine, laced with acidity and green melon flavors, this is a purely fruity Chardonnay, without wood. It is young and fresh but has enough weight to give a dense, full finish, with some yellow fruit flavors. Screwcap.', 'A blend of 70% Sangiovese and 30% Merlot, this simple, informal red presents violet, berry and herbaceous aromas. The easy-drinking palate doles out blackberry and wild cherry with soft acidity.', 'After starting out quite reduced on first pour, this wine reveals slightly sweet black-fruit flavors. A light grip of tannins provide support. END
START HERE A blend of 70% Sangiovese and 30% Merlot, this simple, informal red presents violet, berry and herbaceous aromas. The easy-drinking palate doles out blackberry and wild cherry with soft acidity.', 'After starting out quite reduced on first pour, this wine reveals slightly sweet black-fruit flavors. A light grip of tannins provide support.', "With its warm and fuzzy nose of vanilla, buttered toast and freshly cut apples, this is a wine that's easy to like. The moderately intense palate shows some candied orange peel notes and fades to a moderate finish infused with lemon balm. END
START HERE After starting out quite reduced on first pour, this wine reveals slightly sweet black-fruit flavors. A light grip of tannins provide support.', "With its warm and fuzzy nose of vanilla, buttered toast and freshly cut apples, this is a wine that's easy to like. The moderately intense palate shows some candied orange peel notes and fades to a moderate finish infused with lemon balm.", 'Notes of grass, lime leaf and garrigue herbs lead the bouquet of this attractive wine, supported by fruity tones of white melon, green plum and citrus peel. The medium-weight mouthfeel is countered by ample acidity and pithy flavors that finish slightly astringent. Drink now. END
START HERE With its warm and fuzzy nose of vanilla, buttered toast and freshly cut apples, this is a wine that's easy to like. The moderately intense palate shows some candied orange peel notes and fades to a moderate finish infused with lemon balm.", 'Notes of grass, lime leaf and garrigue herbs lead the bouquet of this attractive wine, supported by fruity tones of white melon, green plum and citrus peel. The medium-weight mouthfeel is countered by ample acidity and pithy flavors that finish slightly astringent. Drink now.', 'Aromas of white cherry and strawberry lead the nose of this wine, with hints of peach and honeydew that lend richness. A mentholated thread adds interest to the palate, alongside a soft astringency that couples with notes of melon rind and citrus peel on the finish. END
START HERE Notes of grass, lime leaf and garrigue herbs lead the bouquet of this attractive wine, supported by fruity tones of white melon, green plum and citrus peel. The medium-weight mouthfeel is countered by ample acidity and pithy flavors that finish slightly astringent. Drink now.', 'Aromas of white cherry and strawberry lead the nose of this wine, with hints of peach and honeydew that lend richness. A mentholated thread adds interest to the palate, alongside a soft astringency that couples with notes of melon rind and citrus peel on the finish.', 'Briny stone fruit aromas lead to a pulpy palate in this medium-bodied wine. Its ripe white fruit flavors show no signs of oak, tasting melony and finishing short. Drink as soon as possible for best results. END
START HERE Aromas of white cherry and strawberry lead the nose of this wine, with hints of peach and honeydew that lend richness. A mentholated thread adds interest to the palate, alongside a soft astringency that couples with notes of melon rind and citrus peel on the finish.', 'Briny stone fruit aromas lead to a pulpy palate in this medium-bodied wine. Its ripe white fruit flavors show no signs of oak, tasting melony and finishing short. Drink as soon as possible for best results.', 'This textured wine offers tangy, zesty minerality and a dry, nutty edge, making it a wine for food. With its structure and a perfumed aftertaste, it is ready to drink. END
START HERE Briny stone fruit aromas lead to a pulpy palate in this medium-bodied wine. Its ripe white fruit flavors show no signs of oak, tasting melony and finishing short. Drink as soon as possible for best results.', 'This textured wine offers tangy, zesty minerality and a dry, nutty edge, making it a wine for food. With its structure and a perfumed aftertaste, it is ready to drink.', "This is a strange wine from Puglia, in Southern Italy, with drying aromas of crushed hazelnut and Graham cracker. You'll get peanut butter and almond cookies as well and the fruit aromas resemble prunes and raisins. The blend is 40% Uva di Troia, 40% Montepulciano and 20% Aglianico. END
START HERE This textured wine offers tangy, zesty minerality and a dry, nutty edge, making it a wine for food. With its structure and a perfumed aftertaste, it is ready to drink.', "This is a strange wine from Puglia, in Southern Italy, with drying aromas of crushed hazelnut and Graham cracker. You'll get peanut butter and almond cookies as well and the fruit aromas resemble prunes and raisins. The blend is 40% Uva di Troia, 40% Montepulciano and 20% Aglianico.", 'This is a very solid wine for its price, with floral scents of apple blossom, key lime and honeysuckle on the nose. Asian pear, apple and nectarine show on the palate, where touches of jasmine round out a decently tense sip. END
START HERE This is a strange wine from Puglia, in Southern Italy, with drying aromas of crushed hazelnut and Graham cracker. You'll get peanut butter and almond cookies as well and the fruit aromas resemble prunes and raisins. The blend is 40% Uva di Troia, 40% Montepulciano and 20% Aglianico.", 'This is a very solid wine for its price, with floral scents of apple blossom, key lime and honeysuckle on the nose. Asian pear, apple and nectarine show on the palate, where touches of jasmine round out a decently tense sip.', 'Neprica is an awesome blend of Negroamaro, Primitivo and Cabernet Sauvignon from southern Italy that offers an unbeatable price versus quality ratio. This rising star of Puglia would pair with meats, pasta or aged cheese and offers clean aromas of ripe fruit, spice and leather. END
START HERE This is a very solid wine for its price, with floral scents of apple blossom, key lime and honeysuckle on the nose. Asian pear, apple and nectarine show on the palate, where touches of jasmine round out a decently tense sip.', 'Neprica is an awesome blend of Negroamaro, Primitivo and Cabernet Sauvignon from southern Italy that offers an unbeatable price versus quality ratio. This rising star of Puglia would pair with meats, pasta or aged cheese and offers clean aromas of ripe fruit, spice and leather.', 'This is a fat wine with light, juicy acidity. Honey and spice notes add interest to its broad melon and apple flavors. END
START HERE Neprica is an awesome blend of Negroamaro, Primitivo and Cabernet Sauvignon from southern Italy that offers an unbeatable price versus quality ratio. This rising star of Puglia would pair with meats, pasta or aged cheese and offers clean aromas of ripe fruit, spice and leather.', 'This is a fat wine with light, juicy acidity. Honey and spice notes add interest to its broad melon and apple flavors.', 'True to its name, this wine is a rowdy mashup. It has an earthy, smoky aroma, cherry flavors shaded by leathery funkiness, and a smooth easy-drinking texture. END
START HERE This is a fat wine with light, juicy acidity. Honey and spice notes add interest to its broad melon and apple flavors.', 'True to its name, this wine is a rowdy mashup. It has an earthy, smoky aroma, cherry flavors shaded by leathery funkiness, and a smooth easy-drinking texture.', 'Produced from 52 acres of vines close to Cadillac, the wine is ripe, just hinting at a herbal character. Fresh lemon and apple fruit is crisp and light. It is a fruity wine that is ready to drink. END
START HERE True to its name, this wine is a rowdy mashup. It has an earthy, smoky aroma, cherry flavors shaded by leathery funkiness, and a smooth easy-drinking texture.', 'Produced from 52 acres of vines close to Cadillac, the wine is ripe, just hinting at a herbal character. Fresh lemon and apple fruit is crisp and light. It is a fruity wine that is ready to drink.', 'A touch of cranberry plays on the nose of this wine. The palate shows that same tart freshness, assisted by lemony notes and a slight spritz. An easy, uncomplicated and refreshing summer wine. END
START HERE Produced from 52 acres of vines close to Cadillac, the wine is ripe, just hinting at a herbal character. Fresh lemon and apple fruit is crisp and light. It is a fruity wine that is ready to drink.', 'A touch of cranberry plays on the nose of this wine. The palate shows that same tart freshness, assisted by lemony notes and a slight spritz. An easy, uncomplicated and refreshing summer wine.', "While this Chardonnay is tropical and sweet as a whole, it's also an honest reflection of Casablanca. Aromas of honeyed apple, toast and peach are friendly, while the palate feels round and resiny, with solid core acidity. Apple, sweet melon, honey and toast flavors precede a finish where oak rises up and vies with residual tropical notes. END
START HERE A touch of cranberry plays on the nose of this wine. The palate shows that same tart freshness, assisted by lemony notes and a slight spritz. An easy, uncomplicated and refreshing summer wine.', "While this Chardonnay is tropical and sweet as a whole, it's also an honest reflection of Casablanca. Aromas of honeyed apple, toast and peach are friendly, while the palate feels round and resiny, with solid core acidity. Apple, sweet melon, honey and toast flavors precede a finish where oak rises up and vies with residual tropical notes.", 'Earthy and a bit foresty on the nose, with a leather accent to the berry aromas. Full and reasonably sound across the palate, which offers baked berry and coffee flavors in front of a modest, leathery finish. END
START HERE While this Chardonnay is tropical and sweet as a whole, it's also an honest reflection of Casablanca. Aromas of honeyed apple, toast and peach are friendly, while the palate feels round and resiny, with solid core acidity. Apple, sweet melon, honey and toast flavors precede a finish where oak rises up and vies with residual tropical notes.", 'Earthy and a bit foresty on the nose, with a leather accent to the berry aromas. Full and reasonably sound across the palate, which offers baked berry and coffee flavors in front of a modest, leathery finish.', 'This semi-sweet wine is dark in color, full bodied, peppery in aroma, and full of berry flavors on the palate. A thick texture coats the mouth with jammy sensations that slowly recede on the finish. END
START HERE Earthy and a bit foresty on the nose, with a leather accent to the berry aromas. Full and reasonably sound across the palate, which offers baked berry and coffee flavors in front of a modest, leathery finish.', 'This semi-sweet wine is dark in color, full bodied, peppery in aroma, and full of berry flavors on the palate. A thick texture coats the mouth with jammy sensations that slowly recede on the finish.', "This isn't the biggest, baddest Cabernet. Instead, it's more of a charmer—lithe and crisp. Cherries and dried herbs on the nose add hints of earth and pepper on the palate, then finish with a gentle wash of dusty tannins. Drink now–2018. END
START HERE This semi-sweet wine is dark in color, full bodied, peppery in aroma, and full of berry flavors on the palate. A thick texture coats the mouth with jammy sensations that slowly recede on the finish.', "This isn't the biggest, baddest Cabernet. Instead, it's more of a charmer—lithe and crisp. Cherries and dried herbs on the nose add hints of earth and pepper on the palate, then finish with a gentle wash of dusty tannins. Drink now–2018.", "Delicate aromas of herb and white peach stand in contrast to the ripe, almost candied yellow peach and mango flavors on the palate of this medium-sweet Riesling. It's juicy and lip smacking but spry and crisp on the finish. Drink now to enjoy its youthful freshness. END
START HERE This isn't the biggest, baddest Cabernet. Instead, it's more of a charmer—lithe and crisp. Cherries and dried herbs on the nose add hints of earth and pepper on the palate, then finish with a gentle wash of dusty tannins. Drink now–2018.", "Delicate aromas of herb and white peach stand in contrast to the ripe, almost candied yellow peach and mango flavors on the palate of this medium-sweet Riesling. It's juicy and lip smacking but spry and crisp on the finish. Drink now to enjoy its youthful freshness.", 'Big and concentrated, this is a huge mouthful of really tasty juicy. Peach, pineapple and soft tropical flavors combine in a ripe and luscious wine, which puts the fruit well ahead of the butter and toast. END
START HERE Delicate aromas of herb and white peach stand in contrast to the ripe, almost candied yellow peach and mango flavors on the palate of this medium-sweet Riesling. It's juicy and lip smacking but spry and crisp on the finish. Drink now to enjoy its youthful freshness.", 'Big and concentrated, this is a huge mouthful of really tasty juicy. Peach, pineapple and soft tropical flavors combine in a ripe and luscious wine, which puts the fruit well ahead of the butter and toast.', "This Pinot Noir offers plenty of varietal pleasure. It's dry and crisp in acidity, with cherry skin, red currant and cola flavors. END
START HERE Big and concentrated, this is a huge mouthful of really tasty juicy. Peach, pineapple and soft tropical flavors combine in a ripe and luscious wine, which puts the fruit well ahead of the butter and toast.', "This Pinot Noir offers plenty of varietal pleasure. It's dry and crisp in acidity, with cherry skin, red currant and cola flavors.", "Blossomy perfume wafts throughout this squeaky fresh off-dry Riesling. Tart tangerine and punchy yellow peach and mango flavors are vibrant and crisp, resonating long on the finish. It's a straightforward yet balanced, fruity wine. Drink now. END
START HERE This Pinot Noir offers plenty of varietal pleasure. It's dry and crisp in acidity, with cherry skin, red currant and cola flavors.", "Blossomy perfume wafts throughout this squeaky fresh off-dry Riesling. Tart tangerine and punchy yellow peach and mango flavors are vibrant and crisp, resonating long on the finish. It's a straightforward yet balanced, fruity wine. Drink now.", 'Smoke and mineral tones lend a savoriness to flavors of pressed apples and pears on this slightly rustic Riesling. The palate is sweet and sunny with brisk apple cider flavor touched with dried sage and spice. END
START HERE Blossomy perfume wafts throughout this squeaky fresh off-dry Riesling. Tart tangerine and punchy yellow peach and mango flavors are vibrant and crisp, resonating long on the finish. It's a straightforward yet balanced, fruity wine. Drink now.", 'Smoke and mineral tones lend a savoriness to flavors of pressed apples and pears on this slightly rustic Riesling. The palate is sweet and sunny with brisk apple cider flavor touched with dried sage and spice.', 'This lightly sweet and simple wine tastes straightforward, very fruity, soft in texture and light to medium in body. END
START HERE Smoke and mineral tones lend a savoriness to flavors of pressed apples and pears on this slightly rustic Riesling. The palate is sweet and sunny with brisk apple cider flavor touched with dried sage and spice.', 'This lightly sweet and simple wine tastes straightforward, very fruity, soft in texture and light to medium in body.', 'Very light, to the point of being watery, with hints of citrus and tea. The finish leaves a sour aftertaste. END
START HERE This lightly sweet and simple wine tastes straightforward, very fruity, soft in texture and light to medium in body.', 'Very light, to the point of being watery, with hints of citrus and tea. The finish leaves a sour aftertaste.', "Despite showing neutrality on the bouquet, you will find modest salinic, citrusy aromas. The palate feels round and good, with flavors of orange and briny lime. A fleshy feeling, citrusy tasting finish is nice even if it isn't overly zesty. Drink now. END
START HERE Very light, to the point of being watery, with hints of citrus and tea. The finish leaves a sour aftertaste.', "Despite showing neutrality on the bouquet, you will find modest salinic, citrusy aromas. The palate feels round and good, with flavors of orange and briny lime. A fleshy feeling, citrusy tasting finish is nice even if it isn't overly zesty. Drink now.", 'A light, fragrant Chardonnay, this wine feels cool and soft. There are attractive plum and greengage flavors, as well as a gentle touch of acidity. This is pure fruitiness, with no wood aging. END
START HERE Despite showing neutrality on the bouquet, you will find modest salinic, citrusy aromas. The palate feels round and good, with flavors of orange and briny lime. A fleshy feeling, citrusy tasting finish is nice even if it isn't overly zesty. Drink now.", 'A light, fragrant Chardonnay, this wine feels cool and soft. There are attractive plum and greengage flavors, as well as a gentle touch of acidity. This is pure fruitiness, with no wood aging.', 'This is a light, fruity wine that is likely to be drinkable very soon. It does have a rustic edge although that is likely to blow away in the coming months. For the rest, the red fruits, spice and acidity give the wine a soft, rounded aftertaste. Drink from the end of 2016. END
START HERE A light, fragrant Chardonnay, this wine feels cool and soft. There are attractive plum and greengage flavors, as well as a gentle touch of acidity. This is pure fruitiness, with no wood aging.', 'This is a light, fruity wine that is likely to be drinkable very soon. It does have a rustic edge although that is likely to blow away in the coming months. For the rest, the red fruits, spice and acidity give the wine a soft, rounded aftertaste. Drink from the end of 2016.', 'Jumpy cherry and berry aromas are basic. A fruity, fresh palate delivers straightforward berry flavors prior to a quick finish. END
START HERE This is a light, fruity wine that is likely to be drinkable very soon. It does have a rustic edge although that is likely to blow away in the coming months. For the rest, the red fruits, spice and acidity give the wine a soft, rounded aftertaste. Drink from the end of 2016.', 'Jumpy cherry and berry aromas are basic. A fruity, fresh palate delivers straightforward berry flavors prior to a quick finish.', "Every vintage this wine pulls the same score, so there's something to be said about consistency. This bottling is neutral on the nose, with hints of dust and melon. The palate is clean and citrusy in feel, with melon and green herb notes. An easy finish seems right given the precedings. END
START HERE Jumpy cherry and berry aromas are basic. A fruity, fresh palate delivers straightforward berry flavors prior to a quick finish.', "Every vintage this wine pulls the same score, so there's something to be said about consistency. This bottling is neutral on the nose, with hints of dust and melon. The palate is clean and citrusy in feel, with melon and green herb notes. An easy finish seems right given the precedings.", 'This light-bodied wine has an earthy, peppery aroma and mild herb and plum flavors. END
START HERE Every vintage this wine pulls the same score, so there's something to be said about consistency. This bottling is neutral on the nose, with hints of dust and melon. The palate is clean and citrusy in feel, with melon and green herb notes. An easy finish seems right given the precedings.", 'This light-bodied wine has an earthy, peppery aroma and mild herb and plum flavors.', 'This is a structured, firm wine that has tense tannins and acidity. It is smoky with a dry core. The fruit is just not there. END
START HERE This light-bodied wine has an earthy, peppery aroma and mild herb and plum flavors.', 'This is a structured, firm wine that has tense tannins and acidity. It is smoky with a dry core. The fruit is just not there.', 'Aromas of herbs, spice, tomato and red plum are good but lean. This features a fresh, dry, tomatoey palate and equally dry, peppery flavors of plum and cherry. A lasting finish is bright but light on residual flavors. END
START HERE This is a structured, firm wine that has tense tannins and acidity. It is smoky with a dry core. The fruit is just not there.', 'Aromas of herbs, spice, tomato and red plum are good but lean. This features a fresh, dry, tomatoey palate and equally dry, peppery flavors of plum and cherry. A lasting finish is bright but light on residual flavors.', 'Plum, cherry and cassis aromas are lightly charred but not really dark or dense. This shows high-toned, edgy acidity and hard tannins. Punchy, borderline sharp flavors of raspberry and herbal plum finish rough. END
START HERE Aromas of herbs, spice, tomato and red plum are good but lean. This features a fresh, dry, tomatoey palate and equally dry, peppery flavors of plum and cherry. A lasting finish is bright but light on residual flavors.', 'Plum, cherry and cassis aromas are lightly charred but not really dark or dense. This shows high-toned, edgy acidity and hard tannins. Punchy, borderline sharp flavors of raspberry and herbal plum finish rough.', "Light in color, with stalky aromas that don't feature much fruit. The palate is gentle and bland, with distant orange and tropical fruit. Wheaty and flat on the finish, with an overall canned fruit quality. END
START HERE Plum, cherry and cassis aromas are lightly charred but not really dark or dense. This shows high-toned, edgy acidity and hard tannins. Punchy, borderline sharp flavors of raspberry and herbal plum finish rough.', "Light in color, with stalky aromas that don't feature much fruit. The palate is gentle and bland, with distant orange and tropical fruit. Wheaty and flat on the finish, with an overall canned fruit quality.", 'A Rhône-style blend of Garnacha (Grenache), Mourvèdre, Tempranillo, Syrah and Graciano, this pretty wine is soft and dry. It has an earthy, dried herb taste, with suggestions of cherries, and is rich and complex enough to serve with special foods. END
START HERE Light in color, with stalky aromas that don't feature much fruit. The palate is gentle and bland, with distant orange and tropical fruit. Wheaty and flat on the finish, with an overall canned fruit quality.", 'A Rhône-style blend of Garnacha (Grenache), Mourvèdre, Tempranillo, Syrah and Graciano, this pretty wine is soft and dry. It has an earthy, dried herb taste, with suggestions of cherries, and is rich and complex enough to serve with special foods.', 'Ripe black plum and cherry notes are upfront, with subtle chocolate and fruit-cake spice accents in the background. The texture is plush and easygoing, with soft tannins and ample juiciness on the palate. Drink now. END
START HERE A Rhône-style blend of Garnacha (Grenache), Mourvèdre, Tempranillo, Syrah and Graciano, this pretty wine is soft and dry. It has an earthy, dried herb taste, with suggestions of cherries, and is rich and complex enough to serve with special foods.', 'Ripe black plum and cherry notes are upfront, with subtle chocolate and fruit-cake spice accents in the background. The texture is plush and easygoing, with soft tannins and ample juiciness on the palate. Drink now.', 'Tastes as rich and sweet as a dessert pastry, with sweet vanilla oak, raspberry and cherry pie filling and cinnamon spice flavors. Somewhat one-dimensional, but tasty and smooth. Drink now. END
START HERE Ripe black plum and cherry notes are upfront, with subtle chocolate and fruit-cake spice accents in the background. The texture is plush and easygoing, with soft tannins and ample juiciness on the palate. Drink now.', 'Tastes as rich and sweet as a dessert pastry, with sweet vanilla oak, raspberry and cherry pie filling and cinnamon spice flavors. Somewhat one-dimensional, but tasty and smooth. Drink now.', 'Boldly fruity, redolent with cherries and pink grapefruit, this medium-bodied rosé does have a slightly candied quality to it, but remains a decent summertime quaff. Serve well chilled to help mute the apparent sweetness. END
START HERE Tastes as rich and sweet as a dessert pastry, with sweet vanilla oak, raspberry and cherry pie filling and cinnamon spice flavors. Somewhat one-dimensional, but tasty and smooth. Drink now.', 'Boldly fruity, redolent with cherries and pink grapefruit, this medium-bodied rosé does have a slightly candied quality to it, but remains a decent summertime quaff. Serve well chilled to help mute the apparent sweetness.', 'Nicely perfumed with a musky/grapey scent, this low alcohol (10.4%) sweet Riesling is pleasant and clean, but a bit attenuated. It has plenty of sugary honey and some simple canned peach fruit, but stops there. END
START HERE Boldly fruity, redolent with cherries and pink grapefruit, this medium-bodied rosé does have a slightly candied quality to it, but remains a decent summertime quaff. Serve well chilled to help mute the apparent sweetness.', 'Nicely perfumed with a musky/grapey scent, this low alcohol (10.4%) sweet Riesling is pleasant and clean, but a bit attenuated. It has plenty of sugary honey and some simple canned peach fruit, but stops there.', 'This opens with oily stone-fruit, matchstick and mustardy aromas. Malic acidity drives the palate, while modest tropical fruit flavors finish sweet before falling off toward bitterness. END
START HERE Nicely perfumed with a musky/grapey scent, this low alcohol (10.4%) sweet Riesling is pleasant and clean, but a bit attenuated. It has plenty of sugary honey and some simple canned peach fruit, but stops there.', 'This opens with oily stone-fruit, matchstick and mustardy aromas. Malic acidity drives the palate, while modest tropical fruit flavors finish sweet before falling off toward bitterness.', 'Harsh in the mouth, with tart acids giving a bite to thin raspberry and tea flavors. END
START HERE This opens with oily stone-fruit, matchstick and mustardy aromas. Malic acidity drives the palate, while modest tropical fruit flavors finish sweet before falling off toward bitterness.', 'Harsh in the mouth, with tart acids giving a bite to thin raspberry and tea flavors.', "A bit overripe and hot in alcohol. That's the price of getting such rich fruit flavors. Dark chocolate, blackberry preserves, red currants, black raspberries and spicy satsuma flood the mouth, leading to a super-spicy finish. END
START HERE Harsh in the mouth, with tart acids giving a bite to thin raspberry and tea flavors.', "A bit overripe and hot in alcohol. That's the price of getting such rich fruit flavors. Dark chocolate, blackberry preserves, red currants, black raspberries and spicy satsuma flood the mouth, leading to a super-spicy finish.", "Despite the reserve and late harvest designations, this fits in more comfortably with a standard, off-dry Washington Riesling. The 4% residual sugar is muted by good acidity and firm pear and peach fruit. There's some phenolic bite in the finish, and a hint of plastic. END
START HERE A bit overripe and hot in alcohol. That's the price of getting such rich fruit flavors. Dark chocolate, blackberry preserves, red currants, black raspberries and spicy satsuma flood the mouth, leading to a super-spicy finish.", "Despite the reserve and late harvest designations, this fits in more comfortably with a standard, off-dry Washington Riesling. The 4% residual sugar is muted by good acidity and firm pear and peach fruit. There's some phenolic bite in the finish, and a hint of plastic.", "Aromas of snap peas and freshly cut grass lead to tangy lemon and grapefruit flavors in this medium-bodied, crisply balanced wine. It's certainly lively and will cut through the thickest fettuccine Alfredo. END
START HERE Despite the reserve and late harvest designations, this fits in more comfortably with a standard, off-dry Washington Riesling. The 4% residual sugar is muted by good acidity and firm pear and peach fruit. There's some phenolic bite in the finish, and a hint of plastic.", "Aromas of snap peas and freshly cut grass lead to tangy lemon and grapefruit flavors in this medium-bodied, crisply balanced wine. It's certainly lively and will cut through the thickest fettuccine Alfredo.", 'Melon and green apple aromas are solid and clean. The melony palate offers a plump feel and bright, sweet flavors of mango, pineapple and apple. This wine delivers a lot of fruit and liveliness on a regular frame. END
START HERE Aromas of snap peas and freshly cut grass lead to tangy lemon and grapefruit flavors in this medium-bodied, crisply balanced wine. It's certainly lively and will cut through the thickest fettuccine Alfredo.", 'Melon and green apple aromas are solid and clean. The melony palate offers a plump feel and bright, sweet flavors of mango, pineapple and apple. This wine delivers a lot of fruit and liveliness on a regular frame.', "Perfectly good for the price, with a dark, smoky outlook and masculine aromas of mocha, roasted berry and violet. Like you'd expect for New World Syrah, it's intense but not aggressive, and the mix of plum, berry, cocoa and toast flavors give it amplitude and attitude. Well-made for a large-production wine (140,000 cases). END
START HERE Melon and green apple aromas are solid and clean. The melony palate offers a plump feel and bright, sweet flavors of mango, pineapple and apple. This wine delivers a lot of fruit and liveliness on a regular frame.', "Perfectly good for the price, with a dark, smoky outlook and masculine aromas of mocha, roasted berry and violet. Like you'd expect for New World Syrah, it's intense but not aggressive, and the mix of plum, berry, cocoa and toast flavors give it amplitude and attitude. Well-made for a large-production wine (140,000 cases).", 'Stemmy, stalky aromas cloud over dilute fruit notes, while the palate is on the acidic side, which causes citrus and pithy peach flavors. More pith on the finish, with a hint of banana. Just o.k., with limited character. END
START HERE Perfectly good for the price, with a dark, smoky outlook and masculine aromas of mocha, roasted berry and violet. Like you'd expect for New World Syrah, it's intense but not aggressive, and the mix of plum, berry, cocoa and toast flavors give it amplitude and attitude. Well-made for a large-production wine (140,000 cases).", 'Stemmy, stalky aromas cloud over dilute fruit notes, while the palate is on the acidic side, which causes citrus and pithy peach flavors. More pith on the finish, with a hint of banana. Just o.k., with limited character.', 'Half of this wine is Merlot, with the rest Cabernet Franc, Malbec, Petit Verdot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah. Blueberry, coffee and vanilla aromas are followed by sultry plum flavors speckled with barrel accents before a mocha-flavored finish. END
START HERE Stemmy, stalky aromas cloud over dilute fruit notes, while the palate is on the acidic side, which causes citrus and pithy peach flavors. More pith on the finish, with a hint of banana. Just o.k., with limited character.', 'Half of this wine is Merlot, with the rest Cabernet Franc, Malbec, Petit Verdot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah. Blueberry, coffee and vanilla aromas are followed by sultry plum flavors speckled with barrel accents before a mocha-flavored finish.', "Light aromas of freshly shucked corn and spice lead to a medium-bodied straightforward palate. It's straight down the fairway. END
START HERE Half of this wine is Merlot, with the rest Cabernet Franc, Malbec, Petit Verdot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah. Blueberry, coffee and vanilla aromas are followed by sultry plum flavors speckled with barrel accents before a mocha-flavored finish.', "Light aromas of freshly shucked corn and spice lead to a medium-bodied straightforward palate. It's straight down the fairway.", 'Bright, fruity and crisp, this silky-textured rosé has a refreshing finish and bold, pink bubble-gum-like (but dry) flavors. Drink now. END
START HERE Light aromas of freshly shucked corn and spice lead to a medium-bodied straightforward palate. It's straight down the fairway.", 'Bright, fruity and crisp, this silky-textured rosé has a refreshing finish and bold, pink bubble-gum-like (but dry) flavors. Drink now.', 'While this wine is firm at the moment, it does have fine black fruits. The acidity from the blackberry fruitiness is going to balance with the tannins shortly to give a ripe and fruity wine. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE Bright, fruity and crisp, this silky-textured rosé has a refreshing finish and bold, pink bubble-gum-like (but dry) flavors. Drink now.', 'While this wine is firm at the moment, it does have fine black fruits. The acidity from the blackberry fruitiness is going to balance with the tannins shortly to give a ripe and fruity wine. Drink from 2018.', 'A dark, toasty nose offers a hint of horseradish and char along with herbal black-fruit scents. This is chunky and fleshy on the palate, with good balance. Herbal plum and spicy berry flavors are common, while the finish holds up. END
START HERE While this wine is firm at the moment, it does have fine black fruits. The acidity from the blackberry fruitiness is going to balance with the tannins shortly to give a ripe and fruity wine. Drink from 2018.', 'A dark, toasty nose offers a hint of horseradish and char along with herbal black-fruit scents. This is chunky and fleshy on the palate, with good balance. Herbal plum and spicy berry flavors are common, while the finish holds up.', 'The nose on this low-acid white is neutral at best. The palate feels soft and mushy, while the flavors are mealy, creamy and bland, with touches of passion fruit and citrus. This will have a very short shelf life. END
START HERE A dark, toasty nose offers a hint of horseradish and char along with herbal black-fruit scents. This is chunky and fleshy on the palate, with good balance. Herbal plum and spicy berry flavors are common, while the finish holds up.', 'The nose on this low-acid white is neutral at best. The palate feels soft and mushy, while the flavors are mealy, creamy and bland, with touches of passion fruit and citrus. This will have a very short shelf life.', 'This starts out with murky, leathery aromas that veer toward latex and rubber. It has tannic grip and decent structure. The wine tastes of roasted berry fruit and saucy plum, followed by a baked-tasting finish. END
START HERE The nose on this low-acid white is neutral at best. The palate feels soft and mushy, while the flavors are mealy, creamy and bland, with touches of passion fruit and citrus. This will have a very short shelf life.', 'This starts out with murky, leathery aromas that veer toward latex and rubber. It has tannic grip and decent structure. The wine tastes of roasted berry fruit and saucy plum, followed by a baked-tasting finish.', "A grassy, green wine, although with some weight and richness filling out the fresh fruitiness. It's soft, showing lemon and red apple fruits but with a crisp final taste. Screwcap. END
START HERE This starts out with murky, leathery aromas that veer toward latex and rubber. It has tannic grip and decent structure. The wine tastes of roasted berry fruit and saucy plum, followed by a baked-tasting finish.', "A grassy, green wine, although with some weight and richness filling out the fresh fruitiness. It's soft, showing lemon and red apple fruits but with a crisp final taste. Screwcap.", "Fresh, fragrant peaches are dusted with minerals on this deeply aromatic, intensely floral wine. Off dry in style and opulent in mouthfeel, it's balanced by a honed, steely minerality. It makes an impressive buy for a diminutive price. END
START HERE A grassy, green wine, although with some weight and richness filling out the fresh fruitiness. It's soft, showing lemon and red apple fruits but with a crisp final taste. Screwcap.", "Fresh, fragrant peaches are dusted with minerals on this deeply aromatic, intensely floral wine. Off dry in style and opulent in mouthfeel, it's balanced by a honed, steely minerality. It makes an impressive buy for a diminutive price.", "Done in a dry style, this fine effort is sourced from the Wallula Benches vineyard. It's good juice, with a delicious mix of stone fruits, citrus zest and a hint of sweet honey. END
START HERE Fresh, fragrant peaches are dusted with minerals on this deeply aromatic, intensely floral wine. Off dry in style and opulent in mouthfeel, it's balanced by a honed, steely minerality. It makes an impressive buy for a diminutive price.", "Done in a dry style, this fine effort is sourced from the Wallula Benches vineyard. It's good juice, with a delicious mix of stone fruits, citrus zest and a hint of sweet honey.", 'Gritty berry aromas come with a strong dosage of olive, tobacco and old-school Chilean green herbs. The wine has a linear feel and herbal flavors of plum mixed with bell pepper and olive. Pointy acidity makes the finish a bit rough and scouring. END
START HERE Done in a dry style, this fine effort is sourced from the Wallula Benches vineyard. It's good juice, with a delicious mix of stone fruits, citrus zest and a hint of sweet honey.", 'Gritty berry aromas come with a strong dosage of olive, tobacco and old-school Chilean green herbs. The wine has a linear feel and herbal flavors of plum mixed with bell pepper and olive. Pointy acidity makes the finish a bit rough and scouring.', 'Bright and herbaceous the wine is on the cusp between cool, fresh flavors and more tropical richness. It has a perfumed character, bright and crisp citrus and warmer apricot fruits. Drink now. END
START HERE Gritty berry aromas come with a strong dosage of olive, tobacco and old-school Chilean green herbs. The wine has a linear feel and herbal flavors of plum mixed with bell pepper and olive. Pointy acidity makes the finish a bit rough and scouring.', 'Bright and herbaceous the wine is on the cusp between cool, fresh flavors and more tropical richness. It has a perfumed character, bright and crisp citrus and warmer apricot fruits. Drink now.', "Can't-miss aromas of juniper, olive and tree bark dominate lesser notes of lemon peel and blackberry. This feels taut and rubbery, with tomatoey acidity. Woodsy, herbal, gritty flavors of currant and cranberry finish tart and with a note of minty green. END
START HERE Bright and herbaceous the wine is on the cusp between cool, fresh flavors and more tropical richness. It has a perfumed character, bright and crisp citrus and warmer apricot fruits. Drink now.', "Can't-miss aromas of juniper, olive and tree bark dominate lesser notes of lemon peel and blackberry. This feels taut and rubbery, with tomatoey acidity. Woodsy, herbal, gritty flavors of currant and cranberry finish tart and with a note of minty green.", 'Citrus aromas are familiar. Lively and zesty in the mouth, with refreshing acidity. Orange and passion fruit lead the palate, which transitions to grapefruit. Crisp on the finish. Good for an everyday white wine. END
START HERE Can't-miss aromas of juniper, olive and tree bark dominate lesser notes of lemon peel and blackberry. This feels taut and rubbery, with tomatoey acidity. Woodsy, herbal, gritty flavors of currant and cranberry finish tart and with a note of minty green.", 'Citrus aromas are familiar. Lively and zesty in the mouth, with refreshing acidity. Orange and passion fruit lead the palate, which transitions to grapefruit. Crisp on the finish. Good for an everyday white wine.', "This is quite an impressive Cab for the price. It's a little rough in texture with edgy tannins, but the blackberry, tobacco and oak flavors are fine. END
START HERE Citrus aromas are familiar. Lively and zesty in the mouth, with refreshing acidity. Orange and passion fruit lead the palate, which transitions to grapefruit. Crisp on the finish. Good for an everyday white wine.', "This is quite an impressive Cab for the price. It's a little rough in texture with edgy tannins, but the blackberry, tobacco and oak flavors are fine.", 'This blend of Sangiovese and Merlot from Tuscany is a bit closed, but it reveals subtle underbrush and violet aromas along with raspbberry and black cherry flavors. Pair this with pasta topped with meat sauces. END
START HERE This is quite an impressive Cab for the price. It's a little rough in texture with edgy tannins, but the blackberry, tobacco and oak flavors are fine.", 'This blend of Sangiovese and Merlot from Tuscany is a bit closed, but it reveals subtle underbrush and violet aromas along with raspbberry and black cherry flavors. Pair this with pasta topped with meat sauces.', 'Lots of sweet-smelling new-oak flavor permeates this dry, medium-bodied and moderately tannic wine. Aromas suggest toasted French bread and the flavors blend chocolate and cherries. END
START HERE This blend of Sangiovese and Merlot from Tuscany is a bit closed, but it reveals subtle underbrush and violet aromas along with raspbberry and black cherry flavors. Pair this with pasta topped with meat sauces.', 'Lots of sweet-smelling new-oak flavor permeates this dry, medium-bodied and moderately tannic wine. Aromas suggest toasted French bread and the flavors blend chocolate and cherries.', 'This medium-bodied wine is a great value and strikes a good balance between pure fruitiness and more complexity. It has friendly cherry and berry aromas and fairly rich flavors. A smooth, lightly tannic texture adds the right bite. END
START HERE Lots of sweet-smelling new-oak flavor permeates this dry, medium-bodied and moderately tannic wine. Aromas suggest toasted French bread and the flavors blend chocolate and cherries.', 'This medium-bodied wine is a great value and strikes a good balance between pure fruitiness and more complexity. It has friendly cherry and berry aromas and fairly rich flavors. A smooth, lightly tannic texture adds the right bite.', "The nose is quite subdued, but the palate of this bargain Spätlese offers buoyant orange and apricot flavors. It's an easy, juicy wine, neatly balanced with brisk, citrusy acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE This medium-bodied wine is a great value and strikes a good balance between pure fruitiness and more complexity. It has friendly cherry and berry aromas and fairly rich flavors. A smooth, lightly tannic texture adds the right bite.', "The nose is quite subdued, but the palate of this bargain Spätlese offers buoyant orange and apricot flavors. It's an easy, juicy wine, neatly balanced with brisk, citrusy acidity. Drink now.", "The Naked Riesling is organically farmed and produced. This new vintage already seems a bit tired and has an unusually deep (oxidized?) golden color. It's drinking well enough, like a somewhat aged apple cider, but does not have the sort of freshness that one would hope for in a just-released 2007 wine. END
START HERE The nose is quite subdued, but the palate of this bargain Spätlese offers buoyant orange and apricot flavors. It's an easy, juicy wine, neatly balanced with brisk, citrusy acidity. Drink now.", "The Naked Riesling is organically farmed and produced. This new vintage already seems a bit tired and has an unusually deep (oxidized?) golden color. It's drinking well enough, like a somewhat aged apple cider, but does not have the sort of freshness that one would hope for in a just-released 2007 wine.", "Attractive berry aromas are candied and a tiny bit leafy. Tartaric acidity is front and center on the palate, but there's enough tasty yet generic berry flavors along with notes of clove and chocolate to handle forced acidity. END
START HERE The Naked Riesling is organically farmed and produced. This new vintage already seems a bit tired and has an unusually deep (oxidized?) golden color. It's drinking well enough, like a somewhat aged apple cider, but does not have the sort of freshness that one would hope for in a just-released 2007 wine.", "Attractive berry aromas are candied and a tiny bit leafy. Tartaric acidity is front and center on the palate, but there's enough tasty yet generic berry flavors along with notes of clove and chocolate to handle forced acidity.", "An organic wine that is rough and oily on the nose and tannic and choppy in the mouth. It's a hard, wine with sweaty, sharp scents and too much black olive and funk. Not a disaster but it requires an awful lot from the buyer. END
START HERE Attractive berry aromas are candied and a tiny bit leafy. Tartaric acidity is front and center on the palate, but there's enough tasty yet generic berry flavors along with notes of clove and chocolate to handle forced acidity.", "An organic wine that is rough and oily on the nose and tannic and choppy in the mouth. It's a hard, wine with sweaty, sharp scents and too much black olive and funk. Not a disaster but it requires an awful lot from the buyer.", "Nectarine and orange aromas create a clean bouquet. It's round and mouth filling in terms of weight, with pithy flavors of peach, honey and apple. The flavors remain concise on the mildly creamy finish. END
START HERE An organic wine that is rough and oily on the nose and tannic and choppy in the mouth. It's a hard, wine with sweaty, sharp scents and too much black olive and funk. Not a disaster but it requires an awful lot from the buyer.", "Nectarine and orange aromas create a clean bouquet. It's round and mouth filling in terms of weight, with pithy flavors of peach, honey and apple. The flavors remain concise on the mildly creamy finish.", 'Our bet is that a granular, reduced, raisiny wine like this will not have broad appeal. Yet if you are interested in trying a blend of Samsó, Garnacha and Syrah it has some core qualities, namely old-school raisin and plum flavors backed by core tannins. A country-style wine if there ever was one. END
START HERE Nectarine and orange aromas create a clean bouquet. It's round and mouth filling in terms of weight, with pithy flavors of peach, honey and apple. The flavors remain concise on the mildly creamy finish.", 'Our bet is that a granular, reduced, raisiny wine like this will not have broad appeal. Yet if you are interested in trying a blend of Samsó, Garnacha and Syrah it has some core qualities, namely old-school raisin and plum flavors backed by core tannins. A country-style wine if there ever was one.', "This is a bit stinky right out of the bottle, with some sour, rotten egg aromas. Ultimately they blow off, but there's still a palate impression of sulfur and burnt match. The net effect is to put a damper on the fruit, which pokes through the sulfurous fog tasting rather soapy and limpid. END
START HERE Our bet is that a granular, reduced, raisiny wine like this will not have broad appeal. Yet if you are interested in trying a blend of Samsó, Garnacha and Syrah it has some core qualities, namely old-school raisin and plum flavors backed by core tannins. A country-style wine if there ever was one.', "This is a bit stinky right out of the bottle, with some sour, rotten egg aromas. Ultimately they blow off, but there's still a palate impression of sulfur and burnt match. The net effect is to put a damper on the fruit, which pokes through the sulfurous fog tasting rather soapy and limpid.", 'Made to be drunk young, this surprisingly soft Malbec is ripe and full of smooth fruit. Juicy red berries come strongly through the light tannins that are accompanied by acidity and a fresh, fruity aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE This is a bit stinky right out of the bottle, with some sour, rotten egg aromas. Ultimately they blow off, but there's still a palate impression of sulfur and burnt match. The net effect is to put a damper on the fruit, which pokes through the sulfurous fog tasting rather soapy and limpid.", 'Made to be drunk young, this surprisingly soft Malbec is ripe and full of smooth fruit. Juicy red berries come strongly through the light tannins that are accompanied by acidity and a fresh, fruity aftertaste. Drink now.', "The fruit isn't the star of this wine; instead, intense notes of forest floor and cola spice dominate the nose and palate. Sure, the red berry and cherry flavors are there, but they're just hanging in the background of this bright yet herbaceous selection. END
START HERE Made to be drunk young, this surprisingly soft Malbec is ripe and full of smooth fruit. Juicy red berries come strongly through the light tannins that are accompanied by acidity and a fresh, fruity aftertaste. Drink now.', "The fruit isn't the star of this wine; instead, intense notes of forest floor and cola spice dominate the nose and palate. Sure, the red berry and cherry flavors are there, but they're just hanging in the background of this bright yet herbaceous selection.", 'A consistent wine based on the previous vintage, with nice melon, grass and tropical aromas. The palate runs quick and crisp, with tangy citrus flavors, particularly orange, lime and pineapple. Finishes tropical and healthy, with a hint of pine needle. END
START HERE The fruit isn't the star of this wine; instead, intense notes of forest floor and cola spice dominate the nose and palate. Sure, the red berry and cherry flavors are there, but they're just hanging in the background of this bright yet herbaceous selection.", 'A consistent wine based on the previous vintage, with nice melon, grass and tropical aromas. The palate runs quick and crisp, with tangy citrus flavors, particularly orange, lime and pineapple. Finishes tropical and healthy, with a hint of pine needle.', 'Grassy cherry and red currant aromas start out raw and turn more muddled and cheesy-smelling with time. A choppy, acidic palate is fresh but unrefined, while sour citrus and raspberry flavors finish with zest. END
START HERE A consistent wine based on the previous vintage, with nice melon, grass and tropical aromas. The palate runs quick and crisp, with tangy citrus flavors, particularly orange, lime and pineapple. Finishes tropical and healthy, with a hint of pine needle.', 'Grassy cherry and red currant aromas start out raw and turn more muddled and cheesy-smelling with time. A choppy, acidic palate is fresh but unrefined, while sour citrus and raspberry flavors finish with zest.', 'Richly oaked, this full-bodied wine wraps sweet baking-spice flavors around mouthfilling ripe, plump fruit. It has a smooth texture and persistent fruit and cinnamon flavors that linger on the finish. END
START HERE Grassy cherry and red currant aromas start out raw and turn more muddled and cheesy-smelling with time. A choppy, acidic palate is fresh but unrefined, while sour citrus and raspberry flavors finish with zest.', 'Richly oaked, this full-bodied wine wraps sweet baking-spice flavors around mouthfilling ripe, plump fruit. It has a smooth texture and persistent fruit and cinnamon flavors that linger on the finish.', "An enjoyable easy drinker with notes of bell pepper and sugared plum. It's broad in feel, lightly sweet with abundant plum flavors. END
START HERE Richly oaked, this full-bodied wine wraps sweet baking-spice flavors around mouthfilling ripe, plump fruit. It has a smooth texture and persistent fruit and cinnamon flavors that linger on the finish.', "An enjoyable easy drinker with notes of bell pepper and sugared plum. It's broad in feel, lightly sweet with abundant plum flavors.", 'Full-bodied wine, with red fruits, an attractive bite of spice and a background of the crispest acidity. The wine has richness, making it food friendly. Screwcap. END
START HERE An enjoyable easy drinker with notes of bell pepper and sugared plum. It's broad in feel, lightly sweet with abundant plum flavors.", 'Full-bodied wine, with red fruits, an attractive bite of spice and a background of the crispest acidity. The wine has richness, making it food friendly. Screwcap.', 'Nicely balanced and not too powerful, this is an excellent dinner-time wine. It delivers measured elements of fruit and tobacco, light oak, smooth texture and good, light tannins. END
START HERE Full-bodied wine, with red fruits, an attractive bite of spice and a background of the crispest acidity. The wine has richness, making it food friendly. Screwcap.', 'Nicely balanced and not too powerful, this is an excellent dinner-time wine. It delivers measured elements of fruit and tobacco, light oak, smooth texture and good, light tannins.', 'A Sauvignon Blanc from Sardinia, and it’s a good one. One worries after the slightly reticent nose, but after that it’s all uphill. Well balanced, with crisp acidity and an expansive mouthfeel. Its predominantly melon finish goes on and on. END
START HERE Nicely balanced and not too powerful, this is an excellent dinner-time wine. It delivers measured elements of fruit and tobacco, light oak, smooth texture and good, light tannins.', 'A Sauvignon Blanc from Sardinia, and it’s a good one. One worries after the slightly reticent nose, but after that it’s all uphill. Well balanced, with crisp acidity and an expansive mouthfeel. Its predominantly melon finish goes on and on.', 'A slam-dunk to have with tonight’s lasagna. It’s loaded with black fruit and spices, both on the nose and on the palate. Medium-bodied and well balanced, the finish is delightfully long. END
START HERE A Sauvignon Blanc from Sardinia, and it’s a good one. One worries after the slightly reticent nose, but after that it’s all uphill. Well balanced, with crisp acidity and an expansive mouthfeel. Its predominantly melon finish goes on and on.', 'A slam-dunk to have with tonight’s lasagna. It’s loaded with black fruit and spices, both on the nose and on the palate. Medium-bodied and well balanced, the finish is delightfully long.', 'This wine has aromas of black plum and black raspberry, with flavors of tart cherry and ripe plum on the palate. The tannins have a bit of grip and the finish is persistent. END
START HERE A slam-dunk to have with tonight’s lasagna. It’s loaded with black fruit and spices, both on the nose and on the palate. Medium-bodied and well balanced, the finish is delightfully long.', 'This wine has aromas of black plum and black raspberry, with flavors of tart cherry and ripe plum on the palate. The tannins have a bit of grip and the finish is persistent.', 'This wine is very fresh and crisp, with plenty of fresh herb aromas and vibrant grapefruit flavors. Light bodied and well balanced, it has good acidity and a snappy finish. END
START HERE This wine has aromas of black plum and black raspberry, with flavors of tart cherry and ripe plum on the palate. The tannins have a bit of grip and the finish is persistent.', 'This wine is very fresh and crisp, with plenty of fresh herb aromas and vibrant grapefruit flavors. Light bodied and well balanced, it has good acidity and a snappy finish.', 'Reflecting the ripe vintage, this is a warm wine. Its black currant fruit is still dominated by spice from wood aging, although this will dissipate to leave a smooth, ripe and fruity wine. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE This wine is very fresh and crisp, with plenty of fresh herb aromas and vibrant grapefruit flavors. Light bodied and well balanced, it has good acidity and a snappy finish.', 'Reflecting the ripe vintage, this is a warm wine. Its black currant fruit is still dominated by spice from wood aging, although this will dissipate to leave a smooth, ripe and fruity wine. Drink from 2018.', "Mildly pickled red-fruit aromas fail to convey freshness or ripeness, and so it's no surprise that the core flavors are a bit herbal and briney. Decent mouthfeel helps it along, while the finish is short and borders on medicinal. END
START HERE Reflecting the ripe vintage, this is a warm wine. Its black currant fruit is still dominated by spice from wood aging, although this will dissipate to leave a smooth, ripe and fruity wine. Drink from 2018.', "Mildly pickled red-fruit aromas fail to convey freshness or ripeness, and so it's no surprise that the core flavors are a bit herbal and briney. Decent mouthfeel helps it along, while the finish is short and borders on medicinal.", 'This wine is tightly textured, firm and with a strongly tannic element. It will be better with food. END
START HERE Mildly pickled red-fruit aromas fail to convey freshness or ripeness, and so it's no surprise that the core flavors are a bit herbal and briney. Decent mouthfeel helps it along, while the finish is short and borders on medicinal.", 'This wine is tightly textured, firm and with a strongly tannic element. It will be better with food.', 'A firm, still young wine, wearing its tannins right up front. The berry and black plum fruits are there in the background along with considerable weight. The wine, rich and full, will develop over the next 2–3 years. END
START HERE This wine is tightly textured, firm and with a strongly tannic element. It will be better with food.', 'A firm, still young wine, wearing its tannins right up front. The berry and black plum fruits are there in the background along with considerable weight. The wine, rich and full, will develop over the next 2–3 years.', 'For the price, you get a very nice expression of California Pinot Noir. The wine is dry, silky and spicy, and surprisingly rich, with flavors of raspberry and cherry pie filling. END
START HERE A firm, still young wine, wearing its tannins right up front. The berry and black plum fruits are there in the background along with considerable weight. The wine, rich and full, will develop over the next 2–3 years.', 'For the price, you get a very nice expression of California Pinot Noir. The wine is dry, silky and spicy, and surprisingly rich, with flavors of raspberry and cherry pie filling', 'Blackberry and animal aromas precede a rubbery, tannic, full-bodied palate. This rugged, black-colored Malbec pumps out big blackberry flavors in front of a chocolaty but short finish with emerging oak. END
START HERE For the price, you get a very nice expression of California Pinot Noir. The wine is dry, silky and spicy, and surprisingly rich, with flavors of raspberry and cherry pie filling', 'Blackberry and animal aromas precede a rubbery, tannic, full-bodied palate. This rugged, black-colored Malbec pumps out big blackberry flavors in front of a chocolaty but short finish with emerging oak.', 'Vanilla, cherry, strawberry and spice on the nose is followed by slightly smokier, bigger flavors on the palate. The wine has a fruity character backed by pepper and spice. Clean and suited for myriad flavors, from seafood salad to grilled lamb. END
START HERE Blackberry and animal aromas precede a rubbery, tannic, full-bodied palate. This rugged, black-colored Malbec pumps out big blackberry flavors in front of a chocolaty but short finish with emerging oak.', 'Vanilla, cherry, strawberry and spice on the nose is followed by slightly smokier, bigger flavors on the palate. The wine has a fruity character backed by pepper and spice. Clean and suited for myriad flavors, from seafood salad to grilled lamb.', 'There is a strongly caramel element to this wine. A tannic edge gives structure, though its fruit is less obvious. END
START HERE Vanilla, cherry, strawberry and spice on the nose is followed by slightly smokier, bigger flavors on the palate. The wine has a fruity character backed by pepper and spice. Clean and suited for myriad flavors, from seafood salad to grilled lamb.', 'There is a strongly caramel element to this wine. A tannic edge gives structure, though its fruit is less obvious.', 'This light-hearted wine comes from a blend of the Gaillac native Duras grape with Syrah. It has raspberry fruitiness fresh with crisp acidity, and a light touch of tannin. Drink now. END
START HERE There is a strongly caramel element to this wine. A tannic edge gives structure, though its fruit is less obvious.', 'This light-hearted wine comes from a blend of the Gaillac native Duras grape with Syrah. It has raspberry fruitiness fresh with crisp acidity, and a light touch of tannin. Drink now.', 'Soft and lightly sweet at the end, it shows black and dried fruits, light tannins and spice from the wood aging. Drink now. END
START HERE This light-hearted wine comes from a blend of the Gaillac native Duras grape with Syrah. It has raspberry fruitiness fresh with crisp acidity, and a light touch of tannin. Drink now.', 'Soft and lightly sweet at the end, it shows black and dried fruits, light tannins and spice from the wood aging. Drink now.', 'Aromas of banana, tropical fruits and spun sugar set up a weighty, citrusy palate with flavors of fresh-squeezed orange juice and grapefruit. Fruity from front to back. END
START HERE Soft and lightly sweet at the end, it shows black and dried fruits, light tannins and spice from the wood aging. Drink now.', 'Aromas of banana, tropical fruits and spun sugar set up a weighty, citrusy palate with flavors of fresh-squeezed orange juice and grapefruit. Fruity from front to back.', 'Very light, crisp, fresh, it has some sweetness that is balanced by the acidity and raspberry fruit. For those who like a really pink color in their rosés, this is perfect. Screwcap. END
START HERE Aromas of banana, tropical fruits and spun sugar set up a weighty, citrusy palate with flavors of fresh-squeezed orange juice and grapefruit. Fruity from front to back.', 'Very light, crisp, fresh, it has some sweetness that is balanced by the acidity and raspberry fruit. For those who like a really pink color in their rosés, this is perfect. Screwcap.', 'Opens with rubbery, gaseous aromas that morph into latex and finally briary berry. The palate has a highly regular, tannic feel along with minty, generic flavors of berry and herbs. Basil and spice notes show up on the mildly green finish. Contains 15% Malbec and Syrah. END
START HERE Very light, crisp, fresh, it has some sweetness that is balanced by the acidity and raspberry fruit. For those who like a really pink color in their rosés, this is perfect. Screwcap.', 'Opens with rubbery, gaseous aromas that morph into latex and finally briary berry. The palate has a highly regular, tannic feel along with minty, generic flavors of berry and herbs. Basil and spice notes show up on the mildly green finish. Contains 15% Malbec and Syrah.', 'Generic berry, cherry and plum aromas are saucy and earthy. This everyday Cabernet feels rubbery and grabby. Slightly stewed berry, spice and herbal flavors finish bumpy, with hard tannins. END
START HERE Opens with rubbery, gaseous aromas that morph into latex and finally briary berry. The palate has a highly regular, tannic feel along with minty, generic flavors of berry and herbs. Basil and spice notes show up on the mildly green finish. Contains 15% Malbec and Syrah.', 'Generic berry, cherry and plum aromas are saucy and earthy. This everyday Cabernet feels rubbery and grabby. Slightly stewed berry, spice and herbal flavors finish bumpy, with hard tannins.', 'Black cherry aromas are grapy and simple, with spice and forced oak notes chiming in. This feels rugged with firm tannins. Short, spicy black cherry flavors finish with a lasting burn. END
START HERE Generic berry, cherry and plum aromas are saucy and earthy. This everyday Cabernet feels rubbery and grabby. Slightly stewed berry, spice and herbal flavors finish bumpy, with hard tannins.', 'Black cherry aromas are grapy and simple, with spice and forced oak notes chiming in. This feels rugged with firm tannins. Short, spicy black cherry flavors finish with a lasting burn.', 'Bardolino Chiaretto is an elegant and delicate wine with pretty highlights of rose, raspberry and sweet cassis berry. The wine shows a soft, yielding nature in the mouth with a touch of crisp acidity on the close. END
START HERE Black cherry aromas are grapy and simple, with spice and forced oak notes chiming in. This feels rugged with firm tannins. Short, spicy black cherry flavors finish with a lasting burn.', 'Bardolino Chiaretto is an elegant and delicate wine with pretty highlights of rose, raspberry and sweet cassis berry. The wine shows a soft, yielding nature in the mouth with a touch of crisp acidity on the close.', 'Brisk acidity is the best thing about this sweet Sauvignon Blanc. It has jammy flavors of pineapples and oranges. Bring on the sausages and ham. END
START HERE Bardolino Chiaretto is an elegant and delicate wine with pretty highlights of rose, raspberry and sweet cassis berry. The wine shows a soft, yielding nature in the mouth with a touch of crisp acidity on the close.', 'Brisk acidity is the best thing about this sweet Sauvignon Blanc. It has jammy flavors of pineapples and oranges. Bring on the sausages and ham.', 'Briary strawberry and tea aromas are light on the nose. The palate is modest and juicy in feel, with peppery, slightly bitter plum and cherry flavors. END
START HERE Brisk acidity is the best thing about this sweet Sauvignon Blanc. It has jammy flavors of pineapples and oranges. Bring on the sausages and ham.', 'Briary strawberry and tea aromas are light on the nose. The palate is modest and juicy in feel, with peppery, slightly bitter plum and cherry flavors.', "Black currant fruits dominate this ripe, stalky wine that has young tannins and a smoky cedar character that comes from light wood aging. It's dry, firm and ready to drink. END
START HERE Briary strawberry and tea aromas are light on the nose. The palate is modest and juicy in feel, with peppery, slightly bitter plum and cherry flavors.', "Black currant fruits dominate this ripe, stalky wine that has young tannins and a smoky cedar character that comes from light wood aging. It's dry, firm and ready to drink.", 'This no-fuss 50-50 blend of Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon (made with organically farmed grapes) opens with wild berry and white almond aromas. The wine is thin and watery on the close. END
START HERE Black currant fruits dominate this ripe, stalky wine that has young tannins and a smoky cedar character that comes from light wood aging. It's dry, firm and ready to drink.", 'This no-fuss 50-50 blend of Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon (made with organically farmed grapes) opens with wild berry and white almond aromas. The wine is thin and watery on the close.', 'Dusty peach, nectarine and chewing gum aromas are clean and standard. A lively palate shows bright but controlled acidity and citrusy notes. Stone-fruit and red-plum flavors finish mild. Drink this year. END
START HERE This no-fuss 50-50 blend of Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon (made with organically farmed grapes) opens with wild berry and white almond aromas. The wine is thin and watery on the close.', 'Dusty peach, nectarine and chewing gum aromas are clean and standard. A lively palate shows bright but controlled acidity and citrusy notes. Stone-fruit and red-plum flavors finish mild. Drink this year.', "There's a lightly spritzy tickle in the mouth, and a metallic undertaste to this Chardonnay. The blend includes 5% each Pinot Gris and Sauvignon Blanc, all done in stainless steel. Thin and a bit green, it does not quite come together. END
START HERE Dusty peach, nectarine and chewing gum aromas are clean and standard. A lively palate shows bright but controlled acidity and citrusy notes. Stone-fruit and red-plum flavors finish mild. Drink this year.', "There's a lightly spritzy tickle in the mouth, and a metallic undertaste to this Chardonnay. The blend includes 5% each Pinot Gris and Sauvignon Blanc, all done in stainless steel. Thin and a bit green, it does not quite come together.", 'Lively fruit flavors and great balance make this wine easy to appreciate and a versatile pairing with food. Fresh cherry and raspberry aromas meet rich flavors on a smooth texture that has just enough light tannins for a little grip. END
START HERE There's a lightly spritzy tickle in the mouth, and a metallic undertaste to this Chardonnay. The blend includes 5% each Pinot Gris and Sauvignon Blanc, all done in stainless steel. Thin and a bit green, it does not quite come together.", 'Lively fruit flavors and great balance make this wine easy to appreciate and a versatile pairing with food. Fresh cherry and raspberry aromas meet rich flavors on a smooth texture that has just enough light tannins for a little grip.', 'This powerful wine nicely balances big fruit flavors with a firm texture and full body. There are raspberries in the aroma, sweet and sour cherries in the flavor, and a nice, gripping mouthfeel. END
START HERE Lively fruit flavors and great balance make this wine easy to appreciate and a versatile pairing with food. Fresh cherry and raspberry aromas meet rich flavors on a smooth texture that has just enough light tannins for a little grip.', 'This powerful wine nicely balances big fruit flavors with a firm texture and full body. There are raspberries in the aroma, sweet and sour cherries in the flavor, and a nice, gripping mouthfeel.', 'Made with organic grapes, this easygoing Merlot is designed for health-conscious vegans and vegetarians. The wine offers sharp berry and cherry flavors with a thin, citrusy close. END
START HERE This powerful wine nicely balances big fruit flavors with a firm texture and full body. There are raspberries in the aroma, sweet and sour cherries in the flavor, and a nice, gripping mouthfeel.', 'Made with organic grapes, this easygoing Merlot is designed for health-conscious vegans and vegetarians. The wine offers sharp berry and cherry flavors with a thin, citrusy close.', 'The grapes are Carignan and Merlot. Raim translates as “grape” in the Catalan dialect spoken in some parts of Sardinia. The aromas are light cherry plus some Brettanomyces. On the palate, you experience a full-bodied, well-balanced structure with some rough tannins. The finish is long, showing cherry and earth components. An interesting wine with grilled meats. END
START HERE Made with organic grapes, this easygoing Merlot is designed for health-conscious vegans and vegetarians. The wine offers sharp berry and cherry flavors with a thin, citrusy close.', 'The grapes are Carignan and Merlot. Raim translates as “grape” in the Catalan dialect spoken in some parts of Sardinia. The aromas are light cherry plus some Brettanomyces. On the palate, you experience a full-bodied, well-balanced structure with some rough tannins. The finish is long, showing cherry and earth components. An interesting wine with grilled meats.', 'Attractive sage and fresh-cut wood accents stay with this full-bodied, value-priced wine from the aroma to the finish. Generous, jammy fruit flavors fill in the middle. Extra time soaking with the grape skins helped make it delicious and spicy, mouthfilling and smooth. END
START HERE The grapes are Carignan and Merlot. Raim translates as “grape” in the Catalan dialect spoken in some parts of Sardinia. The aromas are light cherry plus some Brettanomyces. On the palate, you experience a full-bodied, well-balanced structure with some rough tannins. The finish is long, showing cherry and earth components. An interesting wine with grilled meats.', 'Attractive sage and fresh-cut wood accents stay with this full-bodied, value-priced wine from the aroma to the finish. Generous, jammy fruit flavors fill in the middle. Extra time soaking with the grape skins helped make it delicious and spicy, mouthfilling and smooth.', 'Easygoing wet cement, kiwi and nectarine aromas make for a standard but pleasing Sauvignon Blanc experience with this bottling. There is interesting grip to the palate, which pulls its flavors—apple, lime and bitter orange—forward. END
START HERE Attractive sage and fresh-cut wood accents stay with this full-bodied, value-priced wine from the aroma to the finish. Generous, jammy fruit flavors fill in the middle. Extra time soaking with the grape skins helped make it delicious and spicy, mouthfilling and smooth.', 'Easygoing wet cement, kiwi and nectarine aromas make for a standard but pleasing Sauvignon Blanc experience with this bottling. There is interesting grip to the palate, which pulls its flavors—apple, lime and bitter orange—forward.', 'Stalky, oaky and rustic on the nose, this is a creamy, woody, resiny Malbec with oak-based flavors of plastic and vanilla along with slightly stewed, baked fruit. Clove and medicinal flavors are prominent on the finish. END
START HERE Easygoing wet cement, kiwi and nectarine aromas make for a standard but pleasing Sauvignon Blanc experience with this bottling. There is interesting grip to the palate, which pulls its flavors—apple, lime and bitter orange—forward.', 'Stalky, oaky and rustic on the nose, this is a creamy, woody, resiny Malbec with oak-based flavors of plastic and vanilla along with slightly stewed, baked fruit. Clove and medicinal flavors are prominent on the finish.', 'The wine is perfumed and full. It is so soft, missing tannins, and already easy to drink. Black fruits are super-ripe and generous. Drink now. END
START HERE Stalky, oaky and rustic on the nose, this is a creamy, woody, resiny Malbec with oak-based flavors of plastic and vanilla along with slightly stewed, baked fruit. Clove and medicinal flavors are prominent on the finish.', 'The wine is perfumed and full. It is so soft, missing tannins, and already easy to drink. Black fruits are super-ripe and generous. Drink now.', 'Red berry aromas with touches of earth and cola form the nose of this Cabernet Sauvignon-dominant blend. The linear, chalky palate is textured, while flavors of berry fruit, coffee and cola lead to a short finish. END
START HERE The wine is perfumed and full. It is so soft, missing tannins, and already easy to drink. Black fruits are super-ripe and generous. Drink now.', 'Red berry aromas with touches of earth and cola form the nose of this Cabernet Sauvignon-dominant blend. The linear, chalky palate is textured, while flavors of berry fruit, coffee and cola lead to a short finish.', 'Aromas of fresh coffee, cocoa, peppery spices and red fruit lead to silky fruit and barrel flavors. It brings a whole lot of easy-drinking appeal. END
START HERE Red berry aromas with touches of earth and cola form the nose of this Cabernet Sauvignon-dominant blend. The linear, chalky palate is textured, while flavors of berry fruit, coffee and cola lead to a short finish.', 'Aromas of fresh coffee, cocoa, peppery spices and red fruit lead to silky fruit and barrel flavors. It brings a whole lot of easy-drinking appeal.', 'Lightly stalky aromas with red currant and dried red plum feed into a tangy, one-dimensional palate boasting racy, citric flavors of raspberry, herb and tomato. This basic Pinot finishes fresh, minty and herbal. END
START HERE Aromas of fresh coffee, cocoa, peppery spices and red fruit lead to silky fruit and barrel flavors. It brings a whole lot of easy-drinking appeal.', 'Lightly stalky aromas with red currant and dried red plum feed into a tangy, one-dimensional palate boasting racy, citric flavors of raspberry, herb and tomato. This basic Pinot finishes fresh, minty and herbal.', 'Initial floral and berry aromas turn toward tar and burnt meat upon airing. Flavors of herbal berry, olive and pepper are welcoming to a palate driven by hard tannins. Lively acidity keeps things cranking along. END
START HERE Lightly stalky aromas with red currant and dried red plum feed into a tangy, one-dimensional palate boasting racy, citric flavors of raspberry, herb and tomato. This basic Pinot finishes fresh, minty and herbal.', 'Initial floral and berry aromas turn toward tar and burnt meat upon airing. Flavors of herbal berry, olive and pepper are welcoming to a palate driven by hard tannins. Lively acidity keeps things cranking along.', 'Ripe and fruity, this is a delicious wine. It has layers of red fruits and balanced acidity along with a gently smoky back taste. The structure is light, crisp and with the freshness that is typical of the vintage this close to Bordeaux. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE Initial floral and berry aromas turn toward tar and burnt meat upon airing. Flavors of herbal berry, olive and pepper are welcoming to a palate driven by hard tannins. Lively acidity keeps things cranking along.', 'Ripe and fruity, this is a delicious wine. It has layers of red fruits and balanced acidity along with a gently smoky back taste. The structure is light, crisp and with the freshness that is typical of the vintage this close to Bordeaux. Drink from 2018.', 'Smoky, rubbery aromas run alongside berry and plum scents. This is full, loamy and soft in feel. Flavors of berry and cassis are short yet ripe and earthy, while the finish is mellow and easygoing. END
START HERE Ripe and fruity, this is a delicious wine. It has layers of red fruits and balanced acidity along with a gently smoky back taste. The structure is light, crisp and with the freshness that is typical of the vintage this close to Bordeaux. Drink from 2018.', 'Smoky, rubbery aromas run alongside berry and plum scents. This is full, loamy and soft in feel. Flavors of berry and cassis are short yet ripe and earthy, while the finish is mellow and easygoing.', "Despite plenty of weight in the mouth, this wine's simple apple and lime flavors are surprisingly crisp, turning nearly sour-lemony on the finish. Imported by Walca International. END
START HERE Smoky, rubbery aromas run alongside berry and plum scents. This is full, loamy and soft in feel. Flavors of berry and cassis are short yet ripe and earthy, while the finish is mellow and easygoing.', "Despite plenty of weight in the mouth, this wine's simple apple and lime flavors are surprisingly crisp, turning nearly sour-lemony on the finish. Imported by Walca International.", 'Made from free-run juice, this offers aromas of dried cherries, dessicated watermelon and clove. Plummy fruits and sour cherry show on the palate. END
START HERE Despite plenty of weight in the mouth, this wine's simple apple and lime flavors are surprisingly crisp, turning nearly sour-lemony on the finish. Imported by Walca International.", 'Made from free-run juice, this offers aromas of dried cherries, dessicated watermelon and clove. Plummy fruits and sour cherry show on the palate.', "Edgy, herbal aromas are low on fruit. For basic Merlot, this isn't bad. It's full in body, with solid tannins. An herbal, peppery, green-infused plum-and-raspberry finish is tannic and scratchy. END
START HERE Made from free-run juice, this offers aromas of dried cherries, dessicated watermelon and clove. Plummy fruits and sour cherry show on the palate.', "Edgy, herbal aromas are low on fruit. For basic Merlot, this isn't bad. It's full in body, with solid tannins. An herbal, peppery, green-infused plum-and-raspberry finish is tannic and scratchy.", 'Dry, spicy aromas of brick dust, cherry and plum announce a fairly full palate with earthy, savory plum and berry flavors backed by smoky bacon notes on a leathery but solid finish. END
START HERE Edgy, herbal aromas are low on fruit. For basic Merlot, this isn't bad. It's full in body, with solid tannins. An herbal, peppery, green-infused plum-and-raspberry finish is tannic and scratchy.", 'Dry, spicy aromas of brick dust, cherry and plum announce a fairly full palate with earthy, savory plum and berry flavors backed by smoky bacon notes on a leathery but solid finish.', 'Wiry, pinched aromas of berry fruits are forward and direct. This feels chunky and a touch jammy, while herbal berry, plum and peppery flavors end with heat, power, rawness and medicinal berry notes. END
START HERE Dry, spicy aromas of brick dust, cherry and plum announce a fairly full palate with earthy, savory plum and berry flavors backed by smoky bacon notes on a leathery but solid finish.', 'Wiry, pinched aromas of berry fruits are forward and direct. This feels chunky and a touch jammy, while herbal berry, plum and peppery flavors end with heat, power, rawness and medicinal berry notes.', 'Light and tart, this brings cranberry and pepper flavors, which lead into a swift, sharp, tannic finish. END
START HERE Wiry, pinched aromas of berry fruits are forward and direct. This feels chunky and a touch jammy, while herbal berry, plum and peppery flavors end with heat, power, rawness and medicinal berry notes.', 'Light and tart, this brings cranberry and pepper flavors, which lead into a swift, sharp, tannic finish.', 'The wine opens with aromas of lush cherry fruit, cola, coffee and leather. It boasts very good intensity, chewy tannins and ripe succulence on the finish. A Sangiovese, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon blend. END
START HERE Light and tart, this brings cranberry and pepper flavors, which lead into a swift, sharp, tannic finish.', 'The wine opens with aromas of lush cherry fruit, cola, coffee and leather. It boasts very good intensity, chewy tannins and ripe succulence on the finish. A Sangiovese, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon blend.', "Zesty lime skins meld with sweet honey and yellow florals on the nose of this semisweet Riesling. It's gorgeously concentrated yet elegant with a sheer, minerally midpalate and a hint of spice on the finish. END
START HERE The wine opens with aromas of lush cherry fruit, cola, coffee and leather. It boasts very good intensity, chewy tannins and ripe succulence on the finish. A Sangiovese, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon blend.', "Zesty lime skins meld with sweet honey and yellow florals on the nose of this semisweet Riesling. It's gorgeously concentrated yet elegant with a sheer, minerally midpalate and a hint of spice on the finish.", 'Weirdly acidic and sweet, with cloying raspberry Lifesaver candy flavors. END
START HERE Zesty lime skins meld with sweet honey and yellow florals on the nose of this semisweet Riesling. It's gorgeously concentrated yet elegant with a sheer, minerally midpalate and a hint of spice on the finish.", 'Weirdly acidic and sweet, with cloying raspberry Lifesaver candy flavors.', "Savory on the nose with pressed apple notes brightened by a dash of coriander spice, this semi-sweet Riesling is brisk with a lemony acidity and concentrated, honey-kissed apple flavors. Unusually spiced, it's a tempting companion for lighter South Indian fare. END
START HERE Weirdly acidic and sweet, with cloying raspberry Lifesaver candy flavors.', "Savory on the nose with pressed apple notes brightened by a dash of coriander spice, this semi-sweet Riesling is brisk with a lemony acidity and concentrated, honey-kissed apple flavors. Unusually spiced, it's a tempting companion for lighter South Indian fare.", 'Light aromas of white flowers and freshly cut pear lead to off-dry fruit flavors, with the concentration seeming a bit wanting. END
START HERE Savory on the nose with pressed apple notes brightened by a dash of coriander spice, this semi-sweet Riesling is brisk with a lemony acidity and concentrated, honey-kissed apple flavors. Unusually spiced, it's a tempting companion for lighter South Indian fare.", 'Light aromas of white flowers and freshly cut pear lead to off-dry fruit flavors, with the concentration seeming a bit wanting.', "Two samples of this Cabernet were tasted and both are reduced and smell like spray paint. A clampy tannic palate offers stewy black-fruit flavors in front of an overoaked finish. This lacks flow and doesn't seem entirely natural. END
START HERE Light aromas of white flowers and freshly cut pear lead to off-dry fruit flavors, with the concentration seeming a bit wanting.', "Two samples of this Cabernet were tasted and both are reduced and smell like spray paint. A clampy tannic palate offers stewy black-fruit flavors in front of an overoaked finish. This lacks flow and doesn't seem entirely natural.", 'A curiously spicy, herbal wine that seems to have lost its fruit. There is a bitter edge that may soften over the next few months. END
START HERE Two samples of this Cabernet were tasted and both are reduced and smell like spray paint. A clampy tannic palate offers stewy black-fruit flavors in front of an overoaked finish. This lacks flow and doesn't seem entirely natural.", 'A curiously spicy, herbal wine that seems to have lost its fruit. There is a bitter edge that may soften over the next few months.', "This wine is mostly Syrah (80%) with the rest made up of Cinsault, Counoise and Grenache. A pretty pale pink color, it's aromatically expressive with fruit-filled notes of strawberry and cherry. The palate contains the slightest suggestion of sweetness, with light-bodied orange-peel and tart fruit flavors that draw out on the finish. END
START HERE A curiously spicy, herbal wine that seems to have lost its fruit. There is a bitter edge that may soften over the next few months.', "This wine is mostly Syrah (80%) with the rest made up of Cinsault, Counoise and Grenache. A pretty pale pink color, it's aromatically expressive with fruit-filled notes of strawberry and cherry. The palate contains the slightest suggestion of sweetness, with light-bodied orange-peel and tart fruit flavors that draw out on the finish.", "One of NZ's first Sauvignon producers has turned out a commendable wine in 2009, offering classic grassy-herbal aromas and expressive pineapple and herb flavors. It's crisply focused and tight, just falling off a little on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE This wine is mostly Syrah (80%) with the rest made up of Cinsault, Counoise and Grenache. A pretty pale pink color, it's aromatically expressive with fruit-filled notes of strawberry and cherry. The palate contains the slightest suggestion of sweetness, with light-bodied orange-peel and tart fruit flavors that draw out on the finish.", "One of NZ's first Sauvignon producers has turned out a commendable wine in 2009, offering classic grassy-herbal aromas and expressive pineapple and herb flavors. It's crisply focused and tight, just falling off a little on the finish. Drink now.", "Rich, full tasting wine from the Sorin family, with smoothly ripe red berry fruits. There's an attractive orange zest character that gives piquancy to this great food rosé. END
START HERE One of NZ's first Sauvignon producers has turned out a commendable wine in 2009, offering classic grassy-herbal aromas and expressive pineapple and herb flavors. It's crisply focused and tight, just falling off a little on the finish. Drink now.", "Rich, full tasting wine from the Sorin family, with smoothly ripe red berry fruits. There's an attractive orange zest character that gives piquancy to this great food rosé.", 'Dry and a little sharp, with blackberry, currant, mocha, tea and herb flavors. The tannic astringency really needs rich grilled meats to balance it. END
START HERE Rich, full tasting wine from the Sorin family, with smoothly ripe red berry fruits. There's an attractive orange zest character that gives piquancy to this great food rosé.", 'Dry and a little sharp, with blackberry, currant, mocha, tea and herb flavors. The tannic astringency really needs rich grilled meats to balance it.', 'A pale-pink color, this Syrah rosé brings aromas that start out a bit reduced. This is followed by notes of strawberry, apple, melon and herb. It drinks a hair off dry, with plentiful strawberry and cherry flavors. What it lacks in complexity it makes up for with easy-drinking appeal. END
START HERE Dry and a little sharp, with blackberry, currant, mocha, tea and herb flavors. The tannic astringency really needs rich grilled meats to balance it.', 'A pale-pink color, this Syrah rosé brings aromas that start out a bit reduced. This is followed by notes of strawberry, apple, melon and herb. It drinks a hair off dry, with plentiful strawberry and cherry flavors. What it lacks in complexity it makes up for with easy-drinking appeal.', "Teetering aromas of apple, oak and mineral don't hold much sway, while the palate is both chunky and oversized, sizzling with acid. A muddled flavor of white fruit leads to a finish where nothing sticks out. END
START HERE A pale-pink color, this Syrah rosé brings aromas that start out a bit reduced. This is followed by notes of strawberry, apple, melon and herb. It drinks a hair off dry, with plentiful strawberry and cherry flavors. What it lacks in complexity it makes up for with easy-drinking appeal.', "Teetering aromas of apple, oak and mineral don't hold much sway, while the palate is both chunky and oversized, sizzling with acid. A muddled flavor of white fruit leads to a finish where nothing sticks out.", "Bell pepper and tomato aromas, combined with hot and burnt notes, don't make for a very inviting nose. The palate is acidic, leaving tart plum and cranberry flavors in front of an oaky, citrusy finish. Rough and basic. END
START HERE Teetering aromas of apple, oak and mineral don't hold much sway, while the palate is both chunky and oversized, sizzling with acid. A muddled flavor of white fruit leads to a finish where nothing sticks out.", "Bell pepper and tomato aromas, combined with hot and burnt notes, don't make for a very inviting nose. The palate is acidic, leaving tart plum and cranberry flavors in front of an oaky, citrusy finish. Rough and basic.", "This Riesling is slightly sweet, but it's balanced by crisp acidity. The tangerine, green apple and peach flavors have a honeyed finish. END
START HERE Bell pepper and tomato aromas, combined with hot and burnt notes, don't make for a very inviting nose. The palate is acidic, leaving tart plum and cranberry flavors in front of an oaky, citrusy finish. Rough and basic.", "This Riesling is slightly sweet, but it's balanced by crisp acidity. The tangerine, green apple and peach flavors have a honeyed finish.", 'Chemicalized aromas of lemon peel and turpentine are offputting. This feels bland and tastes oxidized and bitter. END
START HERE This Riesling is slightly sweet, but it's balanced by crisp acidity. The tangerine, green apple and peach flavors have a honeyed finish.", 'Chemicalized aromas of lemon peel and turpentine are offputting. This feels bland and tastes oxidized and bitter.', 'Hefty and rubbery on the bouquet, with black-fruit aromas and some dustiness. The palate is fresh feeling, with full acidity and a mildly stretched set of lively berry and roasted flavors. Comes up a bit short and hollow on the finish, but good all totaled. END
START HERE Chemicalized aromas of lemon peel and turpentine are offputting. This feels bland and tastes oxidized and bitter.', 'Hefty and rubbery on the bouquet, with black-fruit aromas and some dustiness. The palate is fresh feeling, with full acidity and a mildly stretched set of lively berry and roasted flavors. Comes up a bit short and hollow on the finish, but good all totaled.', "Pinot Noir in name only, a dry, silky wine whose berry flavors are definitely on the thin side. It's somewhat sweet. END
START HERE Hefty and rubbery on the bouquet, with black-fruit aromas and some dustiness. The palate is fresh feeling, with full acidity and a mildly stretched set of lively berry and roasted flavors. Comes up a bit short and hollow on the finish, but good all totaled.', "Pinot Noir in name only, a dry, silky wine whose berry flavors are definitely on the thin side. It's somewhat sweet.", "Sugary sweet in berry-cherry fruit, with a cut of acidity that doesn't feel natural. An awkward wine, but passable. END
START HERE Pinot Noir in name only, a dry, silky wine whose berry flavors are definitely on the thin side. It's somewhat sweet.", "Sugary sweet in berry-cherry fruit, with a cut of acidity that doesn't feel natural. An awkward wine, but passable.", 'At first this Merlot-led blend is heavily charred and toasty on nose, but with time baked berry aromas rise up. A full palate features a lactic note offset by jagged acidity, while toasty, herbal flavors include berry, mint and wood resin. This is Merlot, Shiraz, Tempranillo and Viognier. END
START HERE Sugary sweet in berry-cherry fruit, with a cut of acidity that doesn't feel natural. An awkward wine, but passable.", 'At first this Merlot-led blend is heavily charred and toasty on nose, but with time baked berry aromas rise up. A full palate features a lactic note offset by jagged acidity, while toasty, herbal flavors include berry, mint and wood resin. This is Merlot, Shiraz, Tempranillo and Viognier.', "Gournier's rosé is a full-bodied, richly textured wine, filled with cherry-berry fruit and accented by hints of crushed stone on both the aromatic nose and lengthy finish. Drink up. END
START HERE At first this Merlot-led blend is heavily charred and toasty on nose, but with time baked berry aromas rise up. A full palate features a lactic note offset by jagged acidity, while toasty, herbal flavors include berry, mint and wood resin. This is Merlot, Shiraz, Tempranillo and Viognier.', "Gournier's rosé is a full-bodied, richly textured wine, filled with cherry-berry fruit and accented by hints of crushed stone on both the aromatic nose and lengthy finish. Drink up.", "Confusingly, the wine has no connection with Château Magnol, also owned by Barton & Guestier. It's a soft Médoc wine, light and gentle in character, the tannins soft, merging with the red berry fruits. END
START HERE Gournier's rosé is a full-bodied, richly textured wine, filled with cherry-berry fruit and accented by hints of crushed stone on both the aromatic nose and lengthy finish. Drink up.", "Confusingly, the wine has no connection with Château Magnol, also owned by Barton & Guestier. It's a soft Médoc wine, light and gentle in character, the tannins soft, merging with the red berry fruits.", "Tight wine, its black currant flavors layered with dry tannins. It's finely structured, although the stalky element tends to dominate. Not for aging. END
START HERE Confusingly, the wine has no connection with Château Magnol, also owned by Barton & Guestier. It's a soft Médoc wine, light and gentle in character, the tannins soft, merging with the red berry fruits.", "Tight wine, its black currant flavors layered with dry tannins. It's finely structured, although the stalky element tends to dominate. Not for aging.", 'Wet cement, cut grass and fresh oregano aromas show on the nose of this affordable white. Dried herb, hay and kaffir lime flavors come through on the palate, making it an excellent choice for weekday sipping. END
START HERE Tight wine, its black currant flavors layered with dry tannins. It's finely structured, although the stalky element tends to dominate. Not for aging.", 'Wet cement, cut grass and fresh oregano aromas show on the nose of this affordable white. Dried herb, hay and kaffir lime flavors come through on the palate, making it an excellent choice for weekday sipping.', 'Firm and structured, this is a solid wine, laced with mineral acidity and tight tannins. It has a juicy, blackberry fruit component cutting through the texture. Drink this still young wine from 2014. END
START HERE Wet cement, cut grass and fresh oregano aromas show on the nose of this affordable white. Dried herb, hay and kaffir lime flavors come through on the palate, making it an excellent choice for weekday sipping.', 'Firm and structured, this is a solid wine, laced with mineral acidity and tight tannins. It has a juicy, blackberry fruit component cutting through the texture. Drink this still young wine from 2014.', 'A sweet attack of ripe fruit is the opener for a crisp palate of raspberry jam, set in a bed of soft tannins. Juicy and extracted, this is one to catch young. END
START HERE Firm and structured, this is a solid wine, laced with mineral acidity and tight tannins. It has a juicy, blackberry fruit component cutting through the texture. Drink this still young wine from 2014.', 'A sweet attack of ripe fruit is the opener for a crisp palate of raspberry jam, set in a bed of soft tannins. Juicy and extracted, this is one to catch young.', 'Fresh strawberry flavors, followed by some vanilla and sweet acidity characterize this wine from the Lagrezette winery. With its blend of Malbec, Syrah and white Viognier, this has softness, ripeness and, despite its acidity, a definite sweet finish. END
START HERE A sweet attack of ripe fruit is the opener for a crisp palate of raspberry jam, set in a bed of soft tannins. Juicy and extracted, this is one to catch young.', 'Fresh strawberry flavors, followed by some vanilla and sweet acidity characterize this wine from the Lagrezette winery. With its blend of Malbec, Syrah and white Viognier, this has softness, ripeness and, despite its acidity, a definite sweet finish.', 'Purple in color, with grapey aromas that lack complexity. The palate is deep and dense but edgy, with sugary flavors of candied black plum and black cherry. Finishes sweet like burnt brown sugar, with some coffee and anisette. Syrupy but generous. END
START HERE Fresh strawberry flavors, followed by some vanilla and sweet acidity characterize this wine from the Lagrezette winery. With its blend of Malbec, Syrah and white Viognier, this has softness, ripeness and, despite its acidity, a definite sweet finish.', 'Purple in color, with grapey aromas that lack complexity. The palate is deep and dense but edgy, with sugary flavors of candied black plum and black cherry. Finishes sweet like burnt brown sugar, with some coffee and anisette. Syrupy but generous.', "Citrusy and fresh, with dominant aromas and flavors of lemon custard and pineapple. It's medium-bodied and cleanly made, just could use a touch more dimension and richness. Still, it's an easy-drinking Chardonnay suitable as an apéritif or alongside lighter dishes. END
START HERE Purple in color, with grapey aromas that lack complexity. The palate is deep and dense but edgy, with sugary flavors of candied black plum and black cherry. Finishes sweet like burnt brown sugar, with some coffee and anisette. Syrupy but generous.', "Citrusy and fresh, with dominant aromas and flavors of lemon custard and pineapple. It's medium-bodied and cleanly made, just could use a touch more dimension and richness. Still, it's an easy-drinking Chardonnay suitable as an apéritif or alongside lighter dishes.", 'With vines in the northeast of the Gers region, this winery produces impressively ripe red wines. This wood-aged and spicy wine is still young and needs time to integrate the wood with the red berry fruits. It does have weight and potential richness, so give it until 2016. END
START HERE Citrusy and fresh, with dominant aromas and flavors of lemon custard and pineapple. It's medium-bodied and cleanly made, just could use a touch more dimension and richness. Still, it's an easy-drinking Chardonnay suitable as an apéritif or alongside lighter dishes.", 'With vines in the northeast of the Gers region, this winery produces impressively ripe red wines. This wood-aged and spicy wine is still young and needs time to integrate the wood with the red berry fruits. It does have weight and potential richness, so give it until 2016.', 'A good value selection, with green notes of bell pepper, asparagus and lime on the nose and in the mouth. Lightweight, with good lift and a herbal character that lingers on the finish. END
START HERE With vines in the northeast of the Gers region, this winery produces impressively ripe red wines. This wood-aged and spicy wine is still young and needs time to integrate the wood with the red berry fruits. It does have weight and potential richness, so give it until 2016.', 'A good value selection, with green notes of bell pepper, asparagus and lime on the nose and in the mouth. Lightweight, with good lift and a herbal character that lingers on the finish.', 'Plump and meaty, this opens with dark aromas of blackberry, spice, crushed pepper and bresaola. This would drink well at informal occasions with family and friends. END
START HERE A good value selection, with green notes of bell pepper, asparagus and lime on the nose and in the mouth. Lightweight, with good lift and a herbal character that lingers on the finish.', 'Plump and meaty, this opens with dark aromas of blackberry, spice, crushed pepper and bresaola. This would drink well at informal occasions with family and friends.', 'Monte Antico—a blend of Sangiovese, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon—is a great value choice that shows medium build in the mouth followed by bright notes of cherry and wild berry. The mouthfeel is smooth and spicy, but largely driven by simple, red fruit nuances. END
START HERE Plump and meaty, this opens with dark aromas of blackberry, spice, crushed pepper and bresaola. This would drink well at informal occasions with family and friends.', 'Monte Antico—a blend of Sangiovese, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon—is a great value choice that shows medium build in the mouth followed by bright notes of cherry and wild berry. The mouthfeel is smooth and spicy, but largely driven by simple, red fruit nuances.', "Hints of marzipan lend a delicately nutty, sweet tone to plush white peach and Meyer lemon flavors. Off-dry in style, it's juicy and ripe, while refreshingly composed, finishing on a penetrating tangerine streak. Drink now. END
START HERE Monte Antico—a blend of Sangiovese, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon—is a great value choice that shows medium build in the mouth followed by bright notes of cherry and wild berry. The mouthfeel is smooth and spicy, but largely driven by simple, red fruit nuances.', "Hints of marzipan lend a delicately nutty, sweet tone to plush white peach and Meyer lemon flavors. Off-dry in style, it's juicy and ripe, while refreshingly composed, finishing on a penetrating tangerine streak. Drink now.", 'Dry, fresh aromas of red fruits set up a tight, sinewy palate with little to no fat. Direct, hard-hitting flavors of cherry and berry fruits are what they are. Overall, this is a forward wine with low amounts of spice and complexity. END
START HERE Hints of marzipan lend a delicately nutty, sweet tone to plush white peach and Meyer lemon flavors. Off-dry in style, it's juicy and ripe, while refreshingly composed, finishing on a penetrating tangerine streak. Drink now.", 'Dry, fresh aromas of red fruits set up a tight, sinewy palate with little to no fat. Direct, hard-hitting flavors of cherry and berry fruits are what they are. Overall, this is a forward wine with low amounts of spice and complexity.', 'With a caramel character and light, bright acidity, this is a soft, not-quite-dry wine. It has a warm, open and accessible feel to it, light and fruity on the finish. END
START HERE Dry, fresh aromas of red fruits set up a tight, sinewy palate with little to no fat. Direct, hard-hitting flavors of cherry and berry fruits are what they are. Overall, this is a forward wine with low amounts of spice and complexity.', 'With a caramel character and light, bright acidity, this is a soft, not-quite-dry wine. It has a warm, open and accessible feel to it, light and fruity on the finish.', 'Soft and sugary, this unoaked Chardonnay has simple, popularly appealing fruit juice flavors of pineapples, oranges and pears. END
START HERE With a caramel character and light, bright acidity, this is a soft, not-quite-dry wine. It has a warm, open and accessible feel to it, light and fruity on the finish.', 'Soft and sugary, this unoaked Chardonnay has simple, popularly appealing fruit juice flavors of pineapples, oranges and pears.', 'Grapy aromas are candied and suggestive of a powdered fruit drink. This feels plump and pulpy, with plum flavors that carry a skin-related astringency. Herbal, rooty notes come up on the finish. END
START HERE Soft and sugary, this unoaked Chardonnay has simple, popularly appealing fruit juice flavors of pineapples, oranges and pears.', 'Grapy aromas are candied and suggestive of a powdered fruit drink. This feels plump and pulpy, with plum flavors that carry a skin-related astringency. Herbal, rooty notes come up on the finish.', 'There are attractive floral and garrigue tones to the subtle fruit core of this wine, with hints of white cherry, melon rind and strawberry hull. The lively palate offers brisk acidity and lively tart-fruit flavors. A touch of white chocolate echos on the medium-length finish. END
START HERE Grapy aromas are candied and suggestive of a powdered fruit drink. This feels plump and pulpy, with plum flavors that carry a skin-related astringency. Herbal, rooty notes come up on the finish.', 'There are attractive floral and garrigue tones to the subtle fruit core of this wine, with hints of white cherry, melon rind and strawberry hull. The lively palate offers brisk acidity and lively tart-fruit flavors. A touch of white chocolate echos on the medium-length finish.', 'For a $12 Chardonnay, one can do far worse than this juicy, fruity number. Opening aromas of vanilla, melon and saline water transition to flavors of tropical fruits and green table grapes. The finish is simple but full and ripe, with a touch of heat and burn. END
START HERE There are attractive floral and garrigue tones to the subtle fruit core of this wine, with hints of white cherry, melon rind and strawberry hull. The lively palate offers brisk acidity and lively tart-fruit flavors. A touch of white chocolate echos on the medium-length finish.', 'For a $12 Chardonnay, one can do far worse than this juicy, fruity number. Opening aromas of vanilla, melon and saline water transition to flavors of tropical fruits and green table grapes. The finish is simple but full and ripe, with a touch of heat and burn.', "Smoky, toasty oak forms an obvious part of this full-bodied wine's personality, from the first whiff to the spicy, cedary flavors and on to the finish. Moderate tannins add texture. END
START HERE For a $12 Chardonnay, one can do far worse than this juicy, fruity number. Opening aromas of vanilla, melon and saline water transition to flavors of tropical fruits and green table grapes. The finish is simple but full and ripe, with a touch of heat and burn.', "Smoky, toasty oak forms an obvious part of this full-bodied wine's personality, from the first whiff to the spicy, cedary flavors and on to the finish. Moderate tannins add texture.", 'Sweet, a bit candied and creamy on the nose, with marshmallow and other oak-driven aromas. The palate has a common, regular, comfortable feel as well as vanilla and boysenberry flavors. Dark and savory late; well made in the “value” class. END
START HERE Smoky, toasty oak forms an obvious part of this full-bodied wine's personality, from the first whiff to the spicy, cedary flavors and on to the finish. Moderate tannins add texture.", 'Sweet, a bit candied and creamy on the nose, with marshmallow and other oak-driven aromas. The palate has a common, regular, comfortable feel as well as vanilla and boysenberry flavors. Dark and savory late; well made in the “value” class.', 'Pretty well composed on the nose, with a core of blackberry. The palate runs narrow and grabby, but the generic sweet berry fruit is tasty, albeit ultrasimple. Snappy on the finish, with the gritty feel of cherry and grape skins. Good in a basic way. END
START HERE Sweet, a bit candied and creamy on the nose, with marshmallow and other oak-driven aromas. The palate has a common, regular, comfortable feel as well as vanilla and boysenberry flavors. Dark and savory late; well made in the “value” class.', 'Pretty well composed on the nose, with a core of blackberry. The palate runs narrow and grabby, but the generic sweet berry fruit is tasty, albeit ultrasimple. Snappy on the finish, with the gritty feel of cherry and grape skins. Good in a basic way.', 'Vegan friendly and made with organic grapes, this fresh informal rosé has subtle aromas of red berry, wild flower and a whiff of tilled soil. The easygoing palate offers sour cherry and a hint of dried sage. END
START HERE Pretty well composed on the nose, with a core of blackberry. The palate runs narrow and grabby, but the generic sweet berry fruit is tasty, albeit ultrasimple. Snappy on the finish, with the gritty feel of cherry and grape skins. Good in a basic way.', 'Vegan friendly and made with organic grapes, this fresh informal rosé has subtle aromas of red berry, wild flower and a whiff of tilled soil. The easygoing palate offers sour cherry and a hint of dried sage.', 'A bit foxy and jumpy at first, and then familiar aromas of berry and plum settle in. The palate is jammy and tannic, while flavors of berries and currants seem roasted. Tobacco and olive notes are present on the chewy, weighty, textured finish. END
START HERE Vegan friendly and made with organic grapes, this fresh informal rosé has subtle aromas of red berry, wild flower and a whiff of tilled soil. The easygoing palate offers sour cherry and a hint of dried sage.', 'A bit foxy and jumpy at first, and then familiar aromas of berry and plum settle in. The palate is jammy and tannic, while flavors of berries and currants seem roasted. Tobacco and olive notes are present on the chewy, weighty, textured finish.', 'A powerful, almost overbearing oak influence makes this wine bombastic. Toasty, maple sugar and smoked bacon flavors come from heavily charred new oak barrels or oak add-ins. It has a very dark color, full body, plenty of tannins and a smoky, oaky finish. END
START HERE A bit foxy and jumpy at first, and then familiar aromas of berry and plum settle in. The palate is jammy and tannic, while flavors of berries and currants seem roasted. Tobacco and olive notes are present on the chewy, weighty, textured finish.', 'A powerful, almost overbearing oak influence makes this wine bombastic. Toasty, maple sugar and smoked bacon flavors come from heavily charred new oak barrels or oak add-ins. It has a very dark color, full body, plenty of tannins and a smoky, oaky finish.', 'Aromas of black cherry, raspberry, flint, smoke and violet prep the palate for flavors of raspberry, black cherry, smoked meat, chocolate and black pepper. There is an interesting interplay of fruit flavors and savory notes of herb-rubbed meat. A web of soft tannins plays across the palate through a finish that has flavors of smoke and yellow cherry. END
START HERE A powerful, almost overbearing oak influence makes this wine bombastic. Toasty, maple sugar and smoked bacon flavors come from heavily charred new oak barrels or oak add-ins. It has a very dark color, full body, plenty of tannins and a smoky, oaky finish.', 'Aromas of black cherry, raspberry, flint, smoke and violet prep the palate for flavors of raspberry, black cherry, smoked meat, chocolate and black pepper. There is an interesting interplay of fruit flavors and savory notes of herb-rubbed meat. A web of soft tannins plays across the palate through a finish that has flavors of smoke and yellow cherry.', "Confected on the nose, with red licorice candy and red apple skins. It's forward and juicy in the mouth, but a little cloying if not served really cold. Tastes of candied berry and watermelon; good in a regular way. END
START HERE Aromas of black cherry, raspberry, flint, smoke and violet prep the palate for flavors of raspberry, black cherry, smoked meat, chocolate and black pepper. There is an interesting interplay of fruit flavors and savory notes of herb-rubbed meat. A web of soft tannins plays across the palate through a finish that has flavors of smoke and yellow cherry.', "Confected on the nose, with red licorice candy and red apple skins. It's forward and juicy in the mouth, but a little cloying if not served really cold. Tastes of candied berry and watermelon; good in a regular way.", "This has a curious caramel aroma from the wood aging. It's tough and extracted, a powerhouse of hard tannins without enough fruit. END
START HERE Confected on the nose, with red licorice candy and red apple skins. It's forward and juicy in the mouth, but a little cloying if not served really cold. Tastes of candied berry and watermelon; good in a regular way.", "This has a curious caramel aroma from the wood aging. It's tough and extracted, a powerhouse of hard tannins without enough fruit.", 'Comprised of 62% Merlot, 30% Cabernet Sauvignon and 8% Syrah, this wine brings aromas of coffee, herbs and dark fruit. The fruit and barrel flavors are candy-bar sweet but still retain a sense of deftness. END
START HERE This has a curious caramel aroma from the wood aging. It's tough and extracted, a powerhouse of hard tannins without enough fruit.", 'Comprised of 62% Merlot, 30% Cabernet Sauvignon and 8% Syrah, this wine brings aromas of coffee, herbs and dark fruit. The fruit and barrel flavors are candy-bar sweet but still retain a sense of deftness.', 'Woodsy cedar and spice tones swirl into layers of vanilla cream in this intensely oaky, yet enticing Chardonnay. Brisk lemon-lime acidity and fresh apple and pear notes freshen the midpalate. END
START HERE Comprised of 62% Merlot, 30% Cabernet Sauvignon and 8% Syrah, this wine brings aromas of coffee, herbs and dark fruit. The fruit and barrel flavors are candy-bar sweet but still retain a sense of deftness.', 'Woodsy cedar and spice tones swirl into layers of vanilla cream in this intensely oaky, yet enticing Chardonnay. Brisk lemon-lime acidity and fresh apple and pear notes freshen the midpalate.', 'The wine is all fruit with just the lightest tannins. It has great acidity, a lively red -ruit character and intense freshness. Drink this wine now. END
START HERE Woodsy cedar and spice tones swirl into layers of vanilla cream in this intensely oaky, yet enticing Chardonnay. Brisk lemon-lime acidity and fresh apple and pear notes freshen the midpalate.', 'The wine is all fruit with just the lightest tannins. It has great acidity, a lively red -ruit character and intense freshness. Drink this wine now.', 'Fresh and lively like a cherry soda, this medium-bodied wine has light, spicy, oaky aromas, lots of cherry and strawberry flavors and an easy-drinking texture. END
START HERE The wine is all fruit with just the lightest tannins. It has great acidity, a lively red -ruit character and intense freshness. Drink this wine now.', 'Fresh and lively like a cherry soda, this medium-bodied wine has light, spicy, oaky aromas, lots of cherry and strawberry flavors and an easy-drinking texture.', 'Showy oak aromas meet good fruit and spice flavors in this lively tasting but smooth-textured and medium-bodied wine. Pepper and nutmeg notes accent the black cherry and blackberry. END
START HERE Fresh and lively like a cherry soda, this medium-bodied wine has light, spicy, oaky aromas, lots of cherry and strawberry flavors and an easy-drinking texture.', 'Showy oak aromas meet good fruit and spice flavors in this lively tasting but smooth-textured and medium-bodied wine. Pepper and nutmeg notes accent the black cherry and blackberry.', "Aromas of green wood, herb and cherry lead to ripe but chalky feeling fruit flavors. There's some interesting things going on but a sense of astringency and bitterness proves distracting. END
START HERE Showy oak aromas meet good fruit and spice flavors in this lively tasting but smooth-textured and medium-bodied wine. Pepper and nutmeg notes accent the black cherry and blackberry.', "Aromas of green wood, herb and cherry lead to ripe but chalky feeling fruit flavors. There's some interesting things going on but a sense of astringency and bitterness proves distracting.", "While this opens with sharp citric aromas, there's no denying that it's fresh up front. Linear, pinchy and high in acid, this rosé of Malbec tastes of nectarine and citrus fruits. A slightly round oily finish holds onto snappy fresh flavors. END
START HERE Aromas of green wood, herb and cherry lead to ripe but chalky feeling fruit flavors. There's some interesting things going on but a sense of astringency and bitterness proves distracting.", "While this opens with sharp citric aromas, there's no denying that it's fresh up front. Linear, pinchy and high in acid, this rosé of Malbec tastes of nectarine and citrus fruits. A slightly round oily finish holds onto snappy fresh flavors.", 'Smoky, toasted walnut aromas and oaky flavors make this full-bodied wine taste like the volume is turned up loud. It feels firmly tannic and broad on the palate, its toasted oak qualities coating the mouth and lingering on the finish. END
START HERE While this opens with sharp citric aromas, there's no denying that it's fresh up front. Linear, pinchy and high in acid, this rosé of Malbec tastes of nectarine and citrus fruits. A slightly round oily finish holds onto snappy fresh flavors.", 'Smoky, toasted walnut aromas and oaky flavors make this full-bodied wine taste like the volume is turned up loud. It feels firmly tannic and broad on the palate, its toasted oak qualities coating the mouth and lingering on the finish.', 'This straightforward, affordable dry wine is good and fruity, with medium body, moderate tannins and plenty of red cherry and blackberry flavors. END
START HERE Smoky, toasted walnut aromas and oaky flavors make this full-bodied wine taste like the volume is turned up loud. It feels firmly tannic and broad on the palate, its toasted oak qualities coating the mouth and lingering on the finish.', 'This straightforward, affordable dry wine is good and fruity, with medium body, moderate tannins and plenty of red cherry and blackberry flavors.', 'Milk chocolate, grass and leafy red-fruit aromas open this snappy clampy Cabernet. Plum and currant flavors are herbal and leafy, while this is green, tomatoey and slightly bitter on the finish. END
START HERE This straightforward, affordable dry wine is good and fruity, with medium body, moderate tannins and plenty of red cherry and blackberry flavors.', 'Milk chocolate, grass and leafy red-fruit aromas open this snappy clampy Cabernet. Plum and currant flavors are herbal and leafy, while this is green, tomatoey and slightly bitter on the finish.', 'With ripe aromas of cough syrup, baked berry, cherry and smoke, this Malbec offers a bit of everything. The palate is full but has energy, and the flavors of boysenberry, blueberry and chocolate come in a big, pounding wave. Finishes chunky and jammy, with adequate freshness. END
START HERE Milk chocolate, grass and leafy red-fruit aromas open this snappy clampy Cabernet. Plum and currant flavors are herbal and leafy, while this is green, tomatoey and slightly bitter on the finish.', 'With ripe aromas of cough syrup, baked berry, cherry and smoke, this Malbec offers a bit of everything. The palate is full but has energy, and the flavors of boysenberry, blueberry and chocolate come in a big, pounding wave. Finishes chunky and jammy, with adequate freshness.', "This is as soft as possible, a gentle view of Sauvignon Blanc. It's an easy, fruity wine that has just a hint of minerality and more of aromatic citrus fruits. Drink now. END
START HERE With ripe aromas of cough syrup, baked berry, cherry and smoke, this Malbec offers a bit of everything. The palate is full but has energy, and the flavors of boysenberry, blueberry and chocolate come in a big, pounding wave. Finishes chunky and jammy, with adequate freshness.', "This is as soft as possible, a gentle view of Sauvignon Blanc. It's an easy, fruity wine that has just a hint of minerality and more of aromatic citrus fruits. Drink now.", 'Green minty aromas come with a heavy shot of clove on this basic Pinot. Chunky and grabby in feel, this offers generic berry flavors and more than enough forced oak and clove. END
START HERE This is as soft as possible, a gentle view of Sauvignon Blanc. It's an easy, fruity wine that has just a hint of minerality and more of aromatic citrus fruits. Drink now.", 'Green minty aromas come with a heavy shot of clove on this basic Pinot. Chunky and grabby in feel, this offers generic berry flavors and more than enough forced oak and clove.', 'Cidery apple aromas, a medium-bodied citrusy palate and tart flavors of tangerine end with citrus aftertones. This is about as basic as drinkable Sauvignon Blanc gets. END
START HERE Green minty aromas come with a heavy shot of clove on this basic Pinot. Chunky and grabby in feel, this offers generic berry flavors and more than enough forced oak and clove.', 'Cidery apple aromas, a medium-bodied citrusy palate and tart flavors of tangerine end with citrus aftertones. This is about as basic as drinkable Sauvignon Blanc gets.', 'A sweetly ripe amalgam of cassis, vanilla and cedar, this medium-bodied Cabernet is pleasant enough, if a little lacking in distinctiveness. It turns faintly dusty on the finish, making it suited to pair with burgers or steak. END
START HERE Cidery apple aromas, a medium-bodied citrusy palate and tart flavors of tangerine end with citrus aftertones. This is about as basic as drinkable Sauvignon Blanc gets.', 'A sweetly ripe amalgam of cassis, vanilla and cedar, this medium-bodied Cabernet is pleasant enough, if a little lacking in distinctiveness. It turns faintly dusty on the finish, making it suited to pair with burgers or steak.', 'Dark, chewy fruit flavors of black cherry come with a generous amount of espresso and dark, smoky toast. Highlights of anise and coffee grounds continue into a finish with slightly grainy tannins. END
START HERE A sweetly ripe amalgam of cassis, vanilla and cedar, this medium-bodied Cabernet is pleasant enough, if a little lacking in distinctiveness. It turns faintly dusty on the finish, making it suited to pair with burgers or steak.', 'Dark, chewy fruit flavors of black cherry come with a generous amount of espresso and dark, smoky toast. Highlights of anise and coffee grounds continue into a finish with slightly grainy tannins.', "For $12 or less you get a fruity, clean wine, with berry, cherry and spice flavors. It's easy to drink with pizza, burgers and similar fare. END
START HERE Dark, chewy fruit flavors of black cherry come with a generous amount of espresso and dark, smoky toast. Highlights of anise and coffee grounds continue into a finish with slightly grainy tannins.', "For $12 or less you get a fruity, clean wine, with berry, cherry and spice flavors. It's easy to drink with pizza, burgers and similar fare.", 'This medium-bodied wine has a vivid smoky aroma that gives way to fresh strawberry and raspberry notes on the palate. It feels juicy, slightly tart and light. END
START HERE For $12 or less you get a fruity, clean wine, with berry, cherry and spice flavors. It's easy to drink with pizza, burgers and similar fare.", 'This medium-bodied wine has a vivid smoky aroma that gives way to fresh strawberry and raspberry notes on the palate. It feels juicy, slightly tart and light.', 'Basic tropical aromas suggest apple and slight minerality. The feel is standard and melony, with sweet, chunky flavors of melon and green banana. Round and turning bitter on the finish, with a sugary sweetness and stalky notes. END
START HERE This medium-bodied wine has a vivid smoky aroma that gives way to fresh strawberry and raspberry notes on the palate. It feels juicy, slightly tart and light.', 'Basic tropical aromas suggest apple and slight minerality. The feel is standard and melony, with sweet, chunky flavors of melon and green banana. Round and turning bitter on the finish, with a sugary sweetness and stalky notes.', 'The apple, hay and earth aromas and flavors of this Chardonnay from northeastern Spain are in the right range, but lack the liveliness and definition I sought. Medium-weight, it finishes a bit short, a bit dull and uninspired. —M.M. END
START HERE Basic tropical aromas suggest apple and slight minerality. The feel is standard and melony, with sweet, chunky flavors of melon and green banana. Round and turning bitter on the finish, with a sugary sweetness and stalky notes.', 'The apple, hay and earth aromas and flavors of this Chardonnay from northeastern Spain are in the right range, but lack the liveliness and definition I sought. Medium-weight, it finishes a bit short, a bit dull and uninspired. —M.M.', 'Fresh lime and lemon acidity abounds in this cool, steely wine. Delicately sweet, it offers sweet and tart tangerine flavors, augmented by edges of steel and crushed minerality. END
START HERE The apple, hay and earth aromas and flavors of this Chardonnay from northeastern Spain are in the right range, but lack the liveliness and definition I sought. Medium-weight, it finishes a bit short, a bit dull and uninspired. —M.M.', 'Fresh lime and lemon acidity abounds in this cool, steely wine. Delicately sweet, it offers sweet and tart tangerine flavors, augmented by edges of steel and crushed minerality.', 'A fine, everyday Sauvignon, marked by the crisp, zesty acidity and citrus fruits that characterize the variety. The flavors of lemongrass, limes and grapefruits are made richer by layers of figs and sweet peppermint. END
START HERE Fresh lime and lemon acidity abounds in this cool, steely wine. Delicately sweet, it offers sweet and tart tangerine flavors, augmented by edges of steel and crushed minerality.', 'A fine, everyday Sauvignon, marked by the crisp, zesty acidity and citrus fruits that characterize the variety. The flavors of lemongrass, limes and grapefruits are made richer by layers of figs and sweet peppermint.', "A one-dimensional, pungent style of SB that's fresh, zesty and tangy in the mouth courtesy of zippy acidity and flavors of tangerine, grapefruit and passion fruit. Finishes more in the pink grapefruit zone, but with snap. Chiseled and linear, but definitely still kicking. END
START HERE A fine, everyday Sauvignon, marked by the crisp, zesty acidity and citrus fruits that characterize the variety. The flavors of lemongrass, limes and grapefruits are made richer by layers of figs and sweet peppermint.', "A one-dimensional, pungent style of SB that's fresh, zesty and tangy in the mouth courtesy of zippy acidity and flavors of tangerine, grapefruit and passion fruit. Finishes more in the pink grapefruit zone, but with snap. Chiseled and linear, but definitely still kicking.", 'Apple aromas come with a mild but noticeable burn. This feels dense and thick, with creaminess to the palate. Flavors of pear, melon and banana slow down and thicken up on the finish, which is round and not at all complex. END
START HERE A one-dimensional, pungent style of SB that's fresh, zesty and tangy in the mouth courtesy of zippy acidity and flavors of tangerine, grapefruit and passion fruit. Finishes more in the pink grapefruit zone, but with snap. Chiseled and linear, but definitely still kicking.", 'Apple aromas come with a mild but noticeable burn. This feels dense and thick, with creaminess to the palate. Flavors of pear, melon and banana slow down and thicken up on the finish, which is round and not at all complex.', 'Bright and clean with scents of fresh apples and quince preserves, this dry, full bodied Chardonnay has pleasant apple and lemon flavors, but could use a boost of intensity in the midpalate. Finishes on a puckery, slightly bitter note. END
START HERE Apple aromas come with a mild but noticeable burn. This feels dense and thick, with creaminess to the palate. Flavors of pear, melon and banana slow down and thicken up on the finish, which is round and not at all complex.', 'Bright and clean with scents of fresh apples and quince preserves, this dry, full bodied Chardonnay has pleasant apple and lemon flavors, but could use a boost of intensity in the midpalate. Finishes on a puckery, slightly bitter note.', 'Lean and angular on the nose, with crisp cherry and rhubarb aromas. Surprisingly elegant in the mouth, with citrus notes, zesty raspberry, clean cherry and a lightness of being. Nice in an unassuming way, with a touch of complexity. END
START HERE Bright and clean with scents of fresh apples and quince preserves, this dry, full bodied Chardonnay has pleasant apple and lemon flavors, but could use a boost of intensity in the midpalate. Finishes on a puckery, slightly bitter note.', 'Lean and angular on the nose, with crisp cherry and rhubarb aromas. Surprisingly elegant in the mouth, with citrus notes, zesty raspberry, clean cherry and a lightness of being. Nice in an unassuming way, with a touch of complexity.', 'This is a lovely, orange blossom special. Sweet and tart, penetrating and long, with lovely peaches, apricots and oranges lighting it up. END
START HERE Lean and angular on the nose, with crisp cherry and rhubarb aromas. Surprisingly elegant in the mouth, with citrus notes, zesty raspberry, clean cherry and a lightness of being. Nice in an unassuming way, with a touch of complexity.', 'This is a lovely, orange blossom special. Sweet and tart, penetrating and long, with lovely peaches, apricots and oranges lighting it up.', "Savory whiffs of nuts and mineral convey elegance to ripe white peach and grapefruit aromas on this off-dry Riesling. Easy-drinking in style, it's pleasantly tart, finishing on a sweet, lingering kiss of honey. END
START HERE This is a lovely, orange blossom special. Sweet and tart, penetrating and long, with lovely peaches, apricots and oranges lighting it up.', "Savory whiffs of nuts and mineral convey elegance to ripe white peach and grapefruit aromas on this off-dry Riesling. Easy-drinking in style, it's pleasantly tart, finishing on a sweet, lingering kiss of honey.", "With its toasty nose of baked apples and popcorn, the wine gives off a barrely welcome. The palate is a touch resiny in feel, but it's stout and solid, with tropical flavors of pineapple and melon. Falls a little flat on the finish as banana notes enter the fray. Drink now. END
START HERE Savory whiffs of nuts and mineral convey elegance to ripe white peach and grapefruit aromas on this off-dry Riesling. Easy-drinking in style, it's pleasantly tart, finishing on a sweet, lingering kiss of honey.", "With its toasty nose of baked apples and popcorn, the wine gives off a barrely welcome. The palate is a touch resiny in feel, but it's stout and solid, with tropical flavors of pineapple and melon. Falls a little flat on the finish as banana notes enter the fray. Drink now.", 'Yeast still swings on the nose of this young, fresh Riesling. The palate, however, gives glimpses of what is yet to come: lovely notes of mandarin and plump citrus with lots of verve. END
START HERE With its toasty nose of baked apples and popcorn, the wine gives off a barrely welcome. The palate is a touch resiny in feel, but it's stout and solid, with tropical flavors of pineapple and melon. Falls a little flat on the finish as banana notes enter the fray. Drink now.", 'Yeast still swings on the nose of this young, fresh Riesling. The palate, however, gives glimpses of what is yet to come: lovely notes of mandarin and plump citrus with lots of verve.', "A deep golden color and classic Chardonnay fruit and spice aromas, albeit with a touch of sweetness, begin this wine. On the palate, the fruit is fresh and good but lacks the layering and grounding that oak should offer. Overall it's a good everyday wine that just needs a touch of class to round out the rough edges; food may be the key. END
START HERE Yeast still swings on the nose of this young, fresh Riesling. The palate, however, gives glimpses of what is yet to come: lovely notes of mandarin and plump citrus with lots of verve.', "A deep golden color and classic Chardonnay fruit and spice aromas, albeit with a touch of sweetness, begin this wine. On the palate, the fruit is fresh and good but lacks the layering and grounding that oak should offer. Overall it's a good everyday wine that just needs a touch of class to round out the rough edges; food may be the key.", 'This is a simple but appealing rosé, defined by strawberry fruit, hints of chalk dust and a mouthwatering finish. END
START HERE A deep golden color and classic Chardonnay fruit and spice aromas, albeit with a touch of sweetness, begin this wine. On the palate, the fruit is fresh and good but lacks the layering and grounding that oak should offer. Overall it's a good everyday wine that just needs a touch of class to round out the rough edges; food may be the key.", 'This is a simple but appealing rosé, defined by strawberry fruit, hints of chalk dust and a mouthwatering finish.', "Despite this wine's very pale color, it shows ample weight and a silky texture on the palate. Peach and melon flavors pick up hints of berry and citrus on the finish. END
START HERE This is a simple but appealing rosé, defined by strawberry fruit, hints of chalk dust and a mouthwatering finish.', "Despite this wine's very pale color, it shows ample weight and a silky texture on the palate. Peach and melon flavors pick up hints of berry and citrus on the finish.", "A slightly earthy aroma leads to rich, ripe berry and cherry flavors that seem to coat the mouth and linger on the finish. It's medium bodied and almost soft, with little acidity or tannin detectable. All that opulent fruit flavor keeps it pleasing. END
START HERE Despite this wine's very pale color, it shows ample weight and a silky texture on the palate. Peach and melon flavors pick up hints of berry and citrus on the finish.", "A slightly earthy aroma leads to rich, ripe berry and cherry flavors that seem to coat the mouth and linger on the finish. It's medium bodied and almost soft, with little acidity or tannin detectable. All that opulent fruit flavor keeps it pleasing.", 'Bright but basic plum, spice and leather aromas are uncomplicated. This feels grabby and rugged, with chewy tannins. Leafy red-fruit flavors offer a jammy side note, while this finishes with dry, scouring tannins. END
START HERE A slightly earthy aroma leads to rich, ripe berry and cherry flavors that seem to coat the mouth and linger on the finish. It's medium bodied and almost soft, with little acidity or tannin detectable. All that opulent fruit flavor keeps it pleasing.", 'Bright but basic plum, spice and leather aromas are uncomplicated. This feels grabby and rugged, with chewy tannins. Leafy red-fruit flavors offer a jammy side note, while this finishes with dry, scouring tannins.', 'Clean pear and apple aromas come in front of a citrusy palate with just enough shearing acidity to keep things balanced. Ringing, lasting lime and orange flavors are slightly briny, while this finishes solid and zesty. END
START HERE Bright but basic plum, spice and leather aromas are uncomplicated. This feels grabby and rugged, with chewy tannins. Leafy red-fruit flavors offer a jammy side note, while this finishes with dry, scouring tannins.', 'Clean pear and apple aromas come in front of a citrusy palate with just enough shearing acidity to keep things balanced. Ringing, lasting lime and orange flavors are slightly briny, while this finishes solid and zesty.', 'Campfire, animal, horseradish and berry aromas make for a slightly difficult nose. This Malbec feels pinched, with tannic pull. Salty black-fruit flavors finish similar, with popping acidity that keeps this lively. END
START HERE Clean pear and apple aromas come in front of a citrusy palate with just enough shearing acidity to keep things balanced. Ringing, lasting lime and orange flavors are slightly briny, while this finishes solid and zesty.', 'Campfire, animal, horseradish and berry aromas make for a slightly difficult nose. This Malbec feels pinched, with tannic pull. Salty black-fruit flavors finish similar, with popping acidity that keeps this lively.', 'Sweet and jammy on the nose, then clampy and grabby on the palate, with woody, tight-grained flavors of pepper and clove. Turns more narrow and even more clove-dominated on the finish. Has its merits and good structure, but the fruit is blanketed by forceful clove and hickory flavors. END
START HERE Campfire, animal, horseradish and berry aromas make for a slightly difficult nose. This Malbec feels pinched, with tannic pull. Salty black-fruit flavors finish similar, with popping acidity that keeps this lively.', 'Sweet and jammy on the nose, then clampy and grabby on the palate, with woody, tight-grained flavors of pepper and clove. Turns more narrow and even more clove-dominated on the finish. Has its merits and good structure, but the fruit is blanketed by forceful clove and hickory flavors.', 'Aromas of struck match, seared lemon, roasted apples and a touch of butterscotch prove clean and not overpowering. This is a very straight-ahead Chardonnay, with lemon fruit, chalk and noticeable oak influence. END
START HERE Sweet and jammy on the nose, then clampy and grabby on the palate, with woody, tight-grained flavors of pepper and clove. Turns more narrow and even more clove-dominated on the finish. Has its merits and good structure, but the fruit is blanketed by forceful clove and hickory flavors.', 'Aromas of struck match, seared lemon, roasted apples and a touch of butterscotch prove clean and not overpowering. This is a very straight-ahead Chardonnay, with lemon fruit, chalk and noticeable oak influence.', 'Crisp plum and berry aromas are a little sharp while the oak element on the nose is drying. The palate is tight and fairly high in acidity, yielding herbal, minty flavors of raspberry and red plum. Short and solid on the finish, but clean and good overall. END
START HERE Aromas of struck match, seared lemon, roasted apples and a touch of butterscotch prove clean and not overpowering. This is a very straight-ahead Chardonnay, with lemon fruit, chalk and noticeable oak influence.', 'Crisp plum and berry aromas are a little sharp while the oak element on the nose is drying. The palate is tight and fairly high in acidity, yielding herbal, minty flavors of raspberry and red plum. Short and solid on the finish, but clean and good overall.', 'Lots of fun to sip this showy, overt, no-holds-barred Zin. Lavish use of new oak gives aromas of toasted bread, maple syrup and smoked bacon. The flavors say ripe strawberries and sweet blackberry jam, and the finish is sweet and spicy at the same time. END
START HERE Crisp plum and berry aromas are a little sharp while the oak element on the nose is drying. The palate is tight and fairly high in acidity, yielding herbal, minty flavors of raspberry and red plum. Short and solid on the finish, but clean and good overall.', 'Lots of fun to sip this showy, overt, no-holds-barred Zin. Lavish use of new oak gives aromas of toasted bread, maple syrup and smoked bacon. The flavors say ripe strawberries and sweet blackberry jam, and the finish is sweet and spicy at the same time.', "Crisp and sturdy at this young stage, with a lot of green on the nose: apple, onion, melon, even celery. For a Maule Valley SB, this one manages to maintain freshness and liveliness. There's give and take between the wine's acidity and body, with apple, green herb and talc for flavors. Finishes clean and chalky. END
START HERE Lots of fun to sip this showy, overt, no-holds-barred Zin. Lavish use of new oak gives aromas of toasted bread, maple syrup and smoked bacon. The flavors say ripe strawberries and sweet blackberry jam, and the finish is sweet and spicy at the same time.', "Crisp and sturdy at this young stage, with a lot of green on the nose: apple, onion, melon, even celery. For a Maule Valley SB, this one manages to maintain freshness and liveliness. There's give and take between the wine's acidity and body, with apple, green herb and talc for flavors. Finishes clean and chalky.", 'Jasmine, apricot and floral aromas are followed by medium-sweet stone-fruit flavors. Floral and jasmine flavors persist on the finish. END
START HERE Crisp and sturdy at this young stage, with a lot of green on the nose: apple, onion, melon, even celery. For a Maule Valley SB, this one manages to maintain freshness and liveliness. There's give and take between the wine's acidity and body, with apple, green herb and talc for flavors. Finishes clean and chalky.", 'Jasmine, apricot and floral aromas are followed by medium-sweet stone-fruit flavors. Floral and jasmine flavors persist on the finish.', 'A blend of six different varieties with Syrah (72%) in the lead, this pale cherry-color wine pops with aromas of bubble gum, wild strawberry and orange peel. The concentration is a bit light with the tart finish that pulls it together. END
START HERE Jasmine, apricot and floral aromas are followed by medium-sweet stone-fruit flavors. Floral and jasmine flavors persist on the finish.', 'A blend of six different varieties with Syrah (72%) in the lead, this pale cherry-color wine pops with aromas of bubble gum, wild strawberry and orange peel. The concentration is a bit light with the tart finish that pulls it together.', 'An intriguing nose of tobacco, mint, cherry and spice leads this earthy red. Flavors of spice, tobacco, red berry and tea are supported by ageable tannins and good complexity. END
START HERE A blend of six different varieties with Syrah (72%) in the lead, this pale cherry-color wine pops with aromas of bubble gum, wild strawberry and orange peel. The concentration is a bit light with the tart finish that pulls it together.', 'An intriguing nose of tobacco, mint, cherry and spice leads this earthy red. Flavors of spice, tobacco, red berry and tea are supported by ageable tannins and good complexity.', 'Lush, round and flavorful, this Cab pleases for its array of fruit. Made in a soft, gentle style, its blackberry, currant, cherry and cocoa flavors finish in a swirl of sweet anise and pepper. END
START HERE An intriguing nose of tobacco, mint, cherry and spice leads this earthy red. Flavors of spice, tobacco, red berry and tea are supported by ageable tannins and good complexity.', 'Lush, round and flavorful, this Cab pleases for its array of fruit. Made in a soft, gentle style, its blackberry, currant, cherry and cocoa flavors finish in a swirl of sweet anise and pepper.', 'A steep drop from previous years. This vintage is herbal and strained, with aromas of beets and stewed plum. Feels round and tannic, with plum and cassis flavors that finish candied and gritty in feel. An average wine by Lapostolle standards. END
START HERE Lush, round and flavorful, this Cab pleases for its array of fruit. Made in a soft, gentle style, its blackberry, currant, cherry and cocoa flavors finish in a swirl of sweet anise and pepper.', 'A steep drop from previous years. This vintage is herbal and strained, with aromas of beets and stewed plum. Feels round and tannic, with plum and cassis flavors that finish candied and gritty in feel. An average wine by Lapostolle standards.', 'A note of apple is the most identifiable aroma on the fresh nose. The palate is clean and lean, with lemon, orange, nectarine and mildly bitter, pithy flavors. Racy and not at all oaky on the finish. END
START HERE A steep drop from previous years. This vintage is herbal and strained, with aromas of beets and stewed plum. Feels round and tannic, with plum and cassis flavors that finish candied and gritty in feel. An average wine by Lapostolle standards.', 'A note of apple is the most identifiable aroma on the fresh nose. The palate is clean and lean, with lemon, orange, nectarine and mildly bitter, pithy flavors. Racy and not at all oaky on the finish.', "This is a fresh type of Pinot, with a pointy bouquet containing herbal raspberry and nettle qualities. It feels juicy, fresh and lifted due to the acidity, while the flavors of raspberry and herb come with dry, oaky, toasty accents. It's peppery, dry and light on the finish. END
START HERE A note of apple is the most identifiable aroma on the fresh nose. The palate is clean and lean, with lemon, orange, nectarine and mildly bitter, pithy flavors. Racy and not at all oaky on the finish.', "This is a fresh type of Pinot, with a pointy bouquet containing herbal raspberry and nettle qualities. It feels juicy, fresh and lifted due to the acidity, while the flavors of raspberry and herb come with dry, oaky, toasty accents. It's peppery, dry and light on the finish.", "Here's a light and easy Chardonnay with clean mineral notes backed by dried hay, sage, stone fruit and honey. The wine has good density and length and ends on a spicy, fresh note. END
START HERE This is a fresh type of Pinot, with a pointy bouquet containing herbal raspberry and nettle qualities. It feels juicy, fresh and lifted due to the acidity, while the flavors of raspberry and herb come with dry, oaky, toasty accents. It's peppery, dry and light on the finish.", "Here's a light and easy Chardonnay with clean mineral notes backed by dried hay, sage, stone fruit and honey. The wine has good density and length and ends on a spicy, fresh note.", 'Acidic and citrusy, this Chard could almost be a Pinot Grigio. The tartness really gets the mouth watering, and the flavors suggest tangerines, grapefruits and limes. Savory and clean. END
START HERE Here's a light and easy Chardonnay with clean mineral notes backed by dried hay, sage, stone fruit and honey. The wine has good density and length and ends on a spicy, fresh note.", 'Acidic and citrusy, this Chard could almost be a Pinot Grigio. The tartness really gets the mouth watering, and the flavors suggest tangerines, grapefruits and limes. Savory and clean.', "Red-fruit aromas are spicy and fresh, as is the palate, which offers some weight and body along with strawberry, pepper and sweet oak flavors. On the finish, it's peppery but a bit hot. END
START HERE Acidic and citrusy, this Chard could almost be a Pinot Grigio. The tartness really gets the mouth watering, and the flavors suggest tangerines, grapefruits and limes. Savory and clean.', "Red-fruit aromas are spicy and fresh, as is the palate, which offers some weight and body along with strawberry, pepper and sweet oak flavors. On the finish, it's peppery but a bit hot.", 'HandCraft has been consistently good with this grape, and this complex wine is another excellent example. Intriguing aromas of wood smoke and rosemary lead to concentrated fruit flavors like pomegranate and cranberry. The mouthfeel is layered and nicely tannic, and flavors seem to go deep. END
START HERE Red-fruit aromas are spicy and fresh, as is the palate, which offers some weight and body along with strawberry, pepper and sweet oak flavors. On the finish, it's peppery but a bit hot.", 'HandCraft has been consistently good with this grape, and this complex wine is another excellent example. Intriguing aromas of wood smoke and rosemary lead to concentrated fruit flavors like pomegranate and cranberry. The mouthfeel is layered and nicely tannic, and flavors seem to go deep.', 'On the nose, this smells like bath soap or air freshener. It feels fleshy and oily on the palate, with tropical flavors of banana and papaya. The finish is smooth and tastes of candy. END
START HERE HandCraft has been consistently good with this grape, and this complex wine is another excellent example. Intriguing aromas of wood smoke and rosemary lead to concentrated fruit flavors like pomegranate and cranberry. The mouthfeel is layered and nicely tannic, and flavors seem to go deep.', 'On the nose, this smells like bath soap or air freshener. It feels fleshy and oily on the palate, with tropical flavors of banana and papaya. The finish is smooth and tastes of candy.', 'This is pretty slender, but it gets the Chardonnay job done with its flavors of buttered toast, cream and peach. END
START HERE On the nose, this smells like bath soap or air freshener. It feels fleshy and oily on the palate, with tropical flavors of banana and papaya. The finish is smooth and tastes of candy.', 'This is pretty slender, but it gets the Chardonnay job done with its flavors of buttered toast, cream and peach.', "Light, delicate and dry, this shows Ernie Loosen's Mosel touch. Lime, peach and melon notes add airy nuances over the underlying briny minerality of the Pfalz. Finishes long and slightly peppery-spicy. END
START HERE This is pretty slender, but it gets the Chardonnay job done with its flavors of buttered toast, cream and peach.', "Light, delicate and dry, this shows Ernie Loosen's Mosel touch. Lime, peach and melon notes add airy nuances over the underlying briny minerality of the Pfalz. Finishes long and slightly peppery-spicy.", 'Blocky on the nose, with mild heat and burn to go with standard raspberry aromas. Feels full, with a resiny, oak-based thickness in front of chunky flavors of raspberry and plum. Dry, woody and buttery on the finish. END
START HERE Light, delicate and dry, this shows Ernie Loosen's Mosel touch. Lime, peach and melon notes add airy nuances over the underlying briny minerality of the Pfalz. Finishes long and slightly peppery-spicy.", 'Blocky on the nose, with mild heat and burn to go with standard raspberry aromas. Feels full, with a resiny, oak-based thickness in front of chunky flavors of raspberry and plum. Dry, woody and buttery on the finish.', 'Light in color, this wine offers aromas of herb, red currant, graphite, raspberry and barrel spice. The fruit and barrel flavors are elegantly styled, playing off each other through the finish. END
START HERE Blocky on the nose, with mild heat and burn to go with standard raspberry aromas. Feels full, with a resiny, oak-based thickness in front of chunky flavors of raspberry and plum. Dry, woody and buttery on the finish.', 'Light in color, this wine offers aromas of herb, red currant, graphite, raspberry and barrel spice. The fruit and barrel flavors are elegantly styled, playing off each other through the finish.', "Fabio Sireci is behind some of Sicily's best Nero d'Avola and has more recently decided to flex his winemaker muscle on Pinot Noir. The results are a tad jammy and muddled (his vineyards are smack in the middle of the Mediterranean island), ending with ripe aromas of prune and raisin. END
START HERE Light in color, this wine offers aromas of herb, red currant, graphite, raspberry and barrel spice. The fruit and barrel flavors are elegantly styled, playing off each other through the finish.', "Fabio Sireci is behind some of Sicily's best Nero d'Avola and has more recently decided to flex his winemaker muscle on Pinot Noir. The results are a tad jammy and muddled (his vineyards are smack in the middle of the Mediterranean island), ending with ripe aromas of prune and raisin.", 'A sleek texture and delicious, focused fruit flavors like cranberry and black cherry make this full-bodied wine mouthfilling and compelling. It offers density and richness, too, which helps extend the lightly sweet finish. END
START HERE Fabio Sireci is behind some of Sicily's best Nero d'Avola and has more recently decided to flex his winemaker muscle on Pinot Noir. The results are a tad jammy and muddled (his vineyards are smack in the middle of the Mediterranean island), ending with ripe aromas of prune and raisin.", 'A sleek texture and delicious, focused fruit flavors like cranberry and black cherry make this full-bodied wine mouthfilling and compelling. It offers density and richness, too, which helps extend the lightly sweet finish.', "Good price for a crisp white wine that's this polished. Nice on its own for the savory citrus, spearmint and spicy vanilla flavors, and fine with everything from fried chicken to Cantonese. END
START HERE A sleek texture and delicious, focused fruit flavors like cranberry and black cherry make this full-bodied wine mouthfilling and compelling. It offers density and richness, too, which helps extend the lightly sweet finish.', "Good price for a crisp white wine that's this polished. Nice on its own for the savory citrus, spearmint and spicy vanilla flavors, and fine with everything from fried chicken to Cantonese.", "This is one of the best values in Sauvignon Blanc, or any white wine, of this year. It's completely satisfying, giving Loire-like minerality and acidity with ripe Napa flavors of spearmint, lemons and limes, figs and spices that finish thoroughly dry. Restaurateurs, buy this by the case and serve it by the glass. END
START HERE Good price for a crisp white wine that's this polished. Nice on its own for the savory citrus, spearmint and spicy vanilla flavors, and fine with everything from fried chicken to Cantonese.", "This is one of the best values in Sauvignon Blanc, or any white wine, of this year. It's completely satisfying, giving Loire-like minerality and acidity with ripe Napa flavors of spearmint, lemons and limes, figs and spices that finish thoroughly dry. Restaurateurs, buy this by the case and serve it by the glass.", 'Crisp green-apple aromas and tangy, vibrant flavors give this nicely dry wine a high refreshment quotient, so it will be ideal to stock for everyday occasions. It has great acidity, a tangy mouthfeel and a lingering, fruity finish. END
START HERE This is one of the best values in Sauvignon Blanc, or any white wine, of this year. It's completely satisfying, giving Loire-like minerality and acidity with ripe Napa flavors of spearmint, lemons and limes, figs and spices that finish thoroughly dry. Restaurateurs, buy this by the case and serve it by the glass.", 'Crisp green-apple aromas and tangy, vibrant flavors give this nicely dry wine a high refreshment quotient, so it will be ideal to stock for everyday occasions. It has great acidity, a tangy mouthfeel and a lingering, fruity finish.', 'This is mellow up front, with mild aromas of melon and baby powder. It feels fresh and easygoing, with apple, citrus and vanilla flavors. Drink well chilled, and soon. END
START HERE Crisp green-apple aromas and tangy, vibrant flavors give this nicely dry wine a high refreshment quotient, so it will be ideal to stock for everyday occasions. It has great acidity, a tangy mouthfeel and a lingering, fruity finish.', 'This is mellow up front, with mild aromas of melon and baby powder. It feels fresh and easygoing, with apple, citrus and vanilla flavors. Drink well chilled, and soon.', 'Still very young, this wine is potentially crisp while also ripe. Citrus and yellow fruits present a fruit salad of flavors that are balanced by a more steely character. Drink from the end of 2014. END
START HERE This is mellow up front, with mild aromas of melon and baby powder. It feels fresh and easygoing, with apple, citrus and vanilla flavors. Drink well chilled, and soon.', 'Still very young, this wine is potentially crisp while also ripe. Citrus and yellow fruits present a fruit salad of flavors that are balanced by a more steely character. Drink from the end of 2014.', "Vibrant, delicious and tastefully oaky, this wine smells like spearmint, tart apples and buttered toast, with flavors of citrus and crisp white peach. There is some heft in the texture, but it's medium bodied, very supple, and energized by fresh acidity and oak spiciness. END
START HERE Still very young, this wine is potentially crisp while also ripe. Citrus and yellow fruits present a fruit salad of flavors that are balanced by a more steely character. Drink from the end of 2014.', "Vibrant, delicious and tastefully oaky, this wine smells like spearmint, tart apples and buttered toast, with flavors of citrus and crisp white peach. There is some heft in the texture, but it's medium bodied, very supple, and energized by fresh acidity and oak spiciness.", "Barely ripe, with a pungent, ammonia edge to the citrus fruits. It's very dry and crisp in acidity. END
START HERE Vibrant, delicious and tastefully oaky, this wine smells like spearmint, tart apples and buttered toast, with flavors of citrus and crisp white peach. There is some heft in the texture, but it's medium bodied, very supple, and energized by fresh acidity and oak spiciness.", "Barely ripe, with a pungent, ammonia edge to the citrus fruits. It's very dry and crisp in acidity.", 'This wine is dark, rich and delicious, if a little tannic. Waves of blackberries, currants, anise and dark chocolate lead to a dry but voluptuous finish. Good value in a full-bodied red. END
START HERE Barely ripe, with a pungent, ammonia edge to the citrus fruits. It's very dry and crisp in acidity.", 'This wine is dark, rich and delicious, if a little tannic. Waves of blackberries, currants, anise and dark chocolate lead to a dry but voluptuous finish. Good value in a full-bodied red.', "Smooth and easy-drinking, this soft and buttery Chardonnay may call to mind bananas dipped in caramel. What's not to like about that? Drink soon for optimum enjoyment. END
START HERE This wine is dark, rich and delicious, if a little tannic. Waves of blackberries, currants, anise and dark chocolate lead to a dry but voluptuous finish. Good value in a full-bodied red.', "Smooth and easy-drinking, this soft and buttery Chardonnay may call to mind bananas dipped in caramel. What's not to like about that? Drink soon for optimum enjoyment.", "Saline and sea breeze lend refreshing, nautical appeal to this elegant unoaked Chardonnay. It's plush and plump in mouthfeel but anchored by bracing lemon, tangerine and grapefruit flavors. Drink now through 2020. END
START HERE Smooth and easy-drinking, this soft and buttery Chardonnay may call to mind bananas dipped in caramel. What's not to like about that? Drink soon for optimum enjoyment.", "Saline and sea breeze lend refreshing, nautical appeal to this elegant unoaked Chardonnay. It's plush and plump in mouthfeel but anchored by bracing lemon, tangerine and grapefruit flavors. Drink now through 2020.", 'While this wine is packed with red-berry flavors, it is still too young with its stalky edge. Tannins and smoky flavors are there along with intense acidity. Keep it until late 2016 for it to be at its best. END
START HERE Saline and sea breeze lend refreshing, nautical appeal to this elegant unoaked Chardonnay. It's plush and plump in mouthfeel but anchored by bracing lemon, tangerine and grapefruit flavors. Drink now through 2020.", 'While this wine is packed with red-berry flavors, it is still too young with its stalky edge. Tannins and smoky flavors are there along with intense acidity. Keep it until late 2016 for it to be at its best.', "Pristine peach, tangerine and blossom notes form the core of this fragrant fruity Riesling. Balanced in sweetness and reverberating with acidity, it's an exceptional value for such a juicy satisfying sip. Capture its youthful exuberance now through 2020. END
START HERE While this wine is packed with red-berry flavors, it is still too young with its stalky edge. Tannins and smoky flavors are there along with intense acidity. Keep it until late 2016 for it to be at its best.', "Pristine peach, tangerine and blossom notes form the core of this fragrant fruity Riesling. Balanced in sweetness and reverberating with acidity, it's an exceptional value for such a juicy satisfying sip. Capture its youthful exuberance now through 2020.", 'Aromas like brown sugar and bourbon meet bold oaky, spicy flavors in this medium-bodied wine. This will be good for fans of those exotic oak flavors. END
START HERE Pristine peach, tangerine and blossom notes form the core of this fragrant fruity Riesling. Balanced in sweetness and reverberating with acidity, it's an exceptional value for such a juicy satisfying sip. Capture its youthful exuberance now through 2020.", 'Aromas like brown sugar and bourbon meet bold oaky, spicy flavors in this medium-bodied wine. This will be good for fans of those exotic oak flavors.', "A little soft and heavy on the nose, which conveys a sense of overripeness. In the mouth, it's not overly heavy but it is sort of chunky as flavors of apple and citrus brush up against mealy but then draw back to a fresher place. Finishes mild, with only a modicum of acidity. Drink soon for best results. END
START HERE Aromas like brown sugar and bourbon meet bold oaky, spicy flavors in this medium-bodied wine. This will be good for fans of those exotic oak flavors.', "A little soft and heavy on the nose, which conveys a sense of overripeness. In the mouth, it's not overly heavy but it is sort of chunky as flavors of apple and citrus brush up against mealy but then draw back to a fresher place. Finishes mild, with only a modicum of acidity. Drink soon for best results.", 'Very lightly textured, this fruity, fresh wine has a hint of caramel to accent flavors of citrus and red berries. The aftertaste is clean and always packed with fruit. Screwcap. END
START HERE A little soft and heavy on the nose, which conveys a sense of overripeness. In the mouth, it's not overly heavy but it is sort of chunky as flavors of apple and citrus brush up against mealy but then draw back to a fresher place. Finishes mild, with only a modicum of acidity. Drink soon for best results.", 'Very lightly textured, this fruity, fresh wine has a hint of caramel to accent flavors of citrus and red berries. The aftertaste is clean and always packed with fruit. Screwcap.', 'This wine has a slightly lighter color than usual, aromas that resemble black plums and red cherries, and similar flavors. It is medium bodied, moderately tannic in texture and a good choice for a large crowd. END
START HERE Very lightly textured, this fruity, fresh wine has a hint of caramel to accent flavors of citrus and red berries. The aftertaste is clean and always packed with fruit. Screwcap.', 'This wine has a slightly lighter color than usual, aromas that resemble black plums and red cherries, and similar flavors. It is medium bodied, moderately tannic in texture and a good choice for a large crowd.', 'Quite pale, this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot is soft, fruity and ready to drink. Attractive red fruits and light acidity give a tangy, fresh aftertaste. END
START HERE This wine has a slightly lighter color than usual, aromas that resemble black plums and red cherries, and similar flavors. It is medium bodied, moderately tannic in texture and a good choice for a large crowd.', 'Quite pale, this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot is soft, fruity and ready to drink. Attractive red fruits and light acidity give a tangy, fresh aftertaste.', "Rough at first, with leathery aromas and hints of bitter chocolate. Which all goes to say: Where's the snappy cherry fruit? It just doesn't seem to be here. What you do get is light raspberry and tea notes, and then some oak and herbal character on the finish. END
START HERE Quite pale, this blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot is soft, fruity and ready to drink. Attractive red fruits and light acidity give a tangy, fresh aftertaste.', "Rough at first, with leathery aromas and hints of bitter chocolate. Which all goes to say: Where's the snappy cherry fruit? It just doesn't seem to be here. What you do get is light raspberry and tea notes, and then some oak and herbal character on the finish.", "This weighty Malbec is more rough than refined, but what's here is decent. The nose is round and full of plum and berry aromas, while there's a full blast of berry fruit along with detectable oak on the palate. The finish is basic and clean, with some buttery oak on the very back. END
START HERE Rough at first, with leathery aromas and hints of bitter chocolate. Which all goes to say: Where's the snappy cherry fruit? It just doesn't seem to be here. What you do get is light raspberry and tea notes, and then some oak and herbal character on the finish.", "This weighty Malbec is more rough than refined, but what's here is decent. The nose is round and full of plum and berry aromas, while there's a full blast of berry fruit along with detectable oak on the palate. The finish is basic and clean, with some buttery oak on the very back.", 'This hearty, firm-textured wine is very dark in color and saturated with ripe cherry, tart cranberry and boysenberry flavors. Dry and rather tannic, it needs a robust dish to pair with. END
START HERE This weighty Malbec is more rough than refined, but what's here is decent. The nose is round and full of plum and berry aromas, while there's a full blast of berry fruit along with detectable oak on the palate. The finish is basic and clean, with some buttery oak on the very back.", 'This hearty, firm-textured wine is very dark in color and saturated with ripe cherry, tart cranberry and boysenberry flavors. Dry and rather tannic, it needs a robust dish to pair with.', 'Black plum, cola and chocolate define this textbook Malbec. The wine has body, heft and lots of fruit, but also some complexity and character. Flavors of black cherry, plum and cassis are layered and fairly boisterous, while the mouthfeel is firm and just slightly tannic. Just right for red meats and pastas. END
START HERE This hearty, firm-textured wine is very dark in color and saturated with ripe cherry, tart cranberry and boysenberry flavors. Dry and rather tannic, it needs a robust dish to pair with.', 'Black plum, cola and chocolate define this textbook Malbec. The wine has body, heft and lots of fruit, but also some complexity and character. Flavors of black cherry, plum and cassis are layered and fairly boisterous, while the mouthfeel is firm and just slightly tannic. Just right for red meats and pastas.', 'Clean and ripe, with apple, pear and zesty citrus aromas. The palate runs more round and candied than linear and sharp, with sweet, welcoming flavors of white peach and dried citrus fruits. Fuller-bodied and inviting, but still fresh. Drink immediately. END
START HERE Black plum, cola and chocolate define this textbook Malbec. The wine has body, heft and lots of fruit, but also some complexity and character. Flavors of black cherry, plum and cassis are layered and fairly boisterous, while the mouthfeel is firm and just slightly tannic. Just right for red meats and pastas.', 'Clean and ripe, with apple, pear and zesty citrus aromas. The palate runs more round and candied than linear and sharp, with sweet, welcoming flavors of white peach and dried citrus fruits. Fuller-bodied and inviting, but still fresh. Drink immediately.', 'Aromas of citrus and petrol are backed by a juicy palate with tangy acidity and semisharp flavors of peach, tangerine and stone-fruit pits. Fresh, citrusy length and a lingering note of orange are the finish. END
START HERE Clean and ripe, with apple, pear and zesty citrus aromas. The palate runs more round and candied than linear and sharp, with sweet, welcoming flavors of white peach and dried citrus fruits. Fuller-bodied and inviting, but still fresh. Drink immediately.', 'Aromas of citrus and petrol are backed by a juicy palate with tangy acidity and semisharp flavors of peach, tangerine and stone-fruit pits. Fresh, citrusy length and a lingering note of orange are the finish.', 'Opens with grassy, slightly burnt aromas that later yield to hickory smoke and herbal berry fruit. Feels fresh but prickly, with grabby acidity setting up flavors of herbs, olive, woodspice and red berries. Finishes fresh and minty. END
START HERE Aromas of citrus and petrol are backed by a juicy palate with tangy acidity and semisharp flavors of peach, tangerine and stone-fruit pits. Fresh, citrusy length and a lingering note of orange are the finish.', 'Opens with grassy, slightly burnt aromas that later yield to hickory smoke and herbal berry fruit. Feels fresh but prickly, with grabby acidity setting up flavors of herbs, olive, woodspice and red berries. Finishes fresh and minty.', 'Opens with an aromatic blast of graphite, peppery spice and rubber along with meaty black-fruit scents. Feels round and a bit wayward, with middling fruit, peppery accents and moderate sweetness. Finishes heavy and condensed, with jamminess. END
START HERE Opens with grassy, slightly burnt aromas that later yield to hickory smoke and herbal berry fruit. Feels fresh but prickly, with grabby acidity setting up flavors of herbs, olive, woodspice and red berries. Finishes fresh and minty.', 'Opens with an aromatic blast of graphite, peppery spice and rubber along with meaty black-fruit scents. Feels round and a bit wayward, with middling fruit, peppery accents and moderate sweetness. Finishes heavy and condensed, with jamminess.', 'Candied cherry and plum aromas come with a floral note and a hint of citrus peel. The body is a bit sticky and resiny, while a flavor of herbal cherry comes with a lactic, resiny angle. The finish is dry, peppery and resiny. END
START HERE Opens with an aromatic blast of graphite, peppery spice and rubber along with meaty black-fruit scents. Feels round and a bit wayward, with middling fruit, peppery accents and moderate sweetness. Finishes heavy and condensed, with jamminess.', 'Candied cherry and plum aromas come with a floral note and a hint of citrus peel. The body is a bit sticky and resiny, while a flavor of herbal cherry comes with a lactic, resiny angle. The finish is dry, peppery and resiny.', 'Very Merlot dominated, this is a ripe and soft wine. It has some dryness that forms the core, but the rich fruit with its balanced acidity dominates. Smooth now, it will age quickly and easily and should be drunk from 2015. END
START HERE Candied cherry and plum aromas come with a floral note and a hint of citrus peel. The body is a bit sticky and resiny, while a flavor of herbal cherry comes with a lactic, resiny angle. The finish is dry, peppery and resiny.', 'Very Merlot dominated, this is a ripe and soft wine. It has some dryness that forms the core, but the rich fruit with its balanced acidity dominates. Smooth now, it will age quickly and easily and should be drunk from 2015.', 'This pale pink wine is 100% Sangiovese and offers aromas of herb and sour cherry. It drinks just a hair off dry, with mouthwatering fruit flavors. END
START HERE Very Merlot dominated, this is a ripe and soft wine. It has some dryness that forms the core, but the rich fruit with its balanced acidity dominates. Smooth now, it will age quickly and easily and should be drunk from 2015.', 'This pale pink wine is 100% Sangiovese and offers aromas of herb and sour cherry. It drinks just a hair off dry, with mouthwatering fruit flavors.', 'This wine shows a ton of oak influence, from the smoky charred aromas to the sweet-seeming maple syrup flavors to the velvety clinging texture. It is medium bodied, lush in mouthfeel and high in spice content that dominates the fruit flavors underneath. END
START HERE This pale pink wine is 100% Sangiovese and offers aromas of herb and sour cherry. It drinks just a hair off dry, with mouthwatering fruit flavors.', 'This wine shows a ton of oak influence, from the smoky charred aromas to the sweet-seeming maple syrup flavors to the velvety clinging texture. It is medium bodied, lush in mouthfeel and high in spice content that dominates the fruit flavors underneath.', 'Flat aromas of red licorice candy, grass and maderized fruit are none too inviting. Feels chunky for rosé, with sweet, wayward fruit flavors that come with a burnt stalkiness. Finishes bitter. END
START HERE This wine shows a ton of oak influence, from the smoky charred aromas to the sweet-seeming maple syrup flavors to the velvety clinging texture. It is medium bodied, lush in mouthfeel and high in spice content that dominates the fruit flavors underneath.', 'Flat aromas of red licorice candy, grass and maderized fruit are none too inviting. Feels chunky for rosé, with sweet, wayward fruit flavors that come with a burnt stalkiness. Finishes bitter.', 'Fresh and colorful, with black cherry, cassis, sweet oak and coffee aromas. Feels big and grabby, with big tannins supporting blackberry and olive flavors. Sort of a rough ride but generous with the baked flavors and fruit content. END
START HERE Flat aromas of red licorice candy, grass and maderized fruit are none too inviting. Feels chunky for rosé, with sweet, wayward fruit flavors that come with a burnt stalkiness. Finishes bitter.', 'Fresh and colorful, with black cherry, cassis, sweet oak and coffee aromas. Feels big and grabby, with big tannins supporting blackberry and olive flavors. Sort of a rough ride but generous with the baked flavors and fruit content.', "Big and black but also heavily charred and very oaky—we're talking bulldozer oak that leaves mostly resin and vanilla on the palate. Combine that with huge tannins and extract, and what should be pleasant and fruity becomes a stampede across the palate. END
START HERE Fresh and colorful, with black cherry, cassis, sweet oak and coffee aromas. Feels big and grabby, with big tannins supporting blackberry and olive flavors. Sort of a rough ride but generous with the baked flavors and fruit content.', "Big and black but also heavily charred and very oaky—we're talking bulldozer oak that leaves mostly resin and vanilla on the palate. Combine that with huge tannins and extract, and what should be pleasant and fruity becomes a stampede across the palate.", 'Prickly, punchy, pryazinic aromas will have you thinking this is Sauvignon Blanc or Spanish Verdejo. A sharp palate is more about acid than body, while this continues with its SB-like character via green flavors of lime and arugula. A crisp finish evaporates into nothing. END
START HERE Big and black but also heavily charred and very oaky—we're talking bulldozer oak that leaves mostly resin and vanilla on the palate. Combine that with huge tannins and extract, and what should be pleasant and fruity becomes a stampede across the palate.", 'Prickly, punchy, pryazinic aromas will have you thinking this is Sauvignon Blanc or Spanish Verdejo. A sharp palate is more about acid than body, while this continues with its SB-like character via green flavors of lime and arugula. A crisp finish evaporates into nothing.', 'A Chardonnay of heightened acidity, this is fresh, light and banced, with tastes of lemon and pear. END
START HERE Prickly, punchy, pryazinic aromas will have you thinking this is Sauvignon Blanc or Spanish Verdejo. A sharp palate is more about acid than body, while this continues with its SB-like character via green flavors of lime and arugula. A crisp finish evaporates into nothing.', 'A Chardonnay of heightened acidity, this is fresh, light and banced, with tastes of lemon and pear.', 'Seems like quality and character are slipping a bit on this Malbec, which a few years ago overdelivered but is now more average. Red licorice, strawberry and sweetness characterize the nose. The palate is sweet and generic, while the finish is pretty much the same. Perfectly good but not the gem it used to be. END
START HERE A Chardonnay of heightened acidity, this is fresh, light and banced, with tastes of lemon and pear.', 'Seems like quality and character are slipping a bit on this Malbec, which a few years ago overdelivered but is now more average. Red licorice, strawberry and sweetness characterize the nose. The palate is sweet and generic, while the finish is pretty much the same. Perfectly good but not the gem it used to be.', 'This is raspy and rough on the nose, with heavy mint, green herb, latex and bell pepper aromas. It feels fairly full, with herb and peppery berry flavors, leading to a green, minty, scratchy finish. END
START HERE Seems like quality and character are slipping a bit on this Malbec, which a few years ago overdelivered but is now more average. Red licorice, strawberry and sweetness characterize the nose. The palate is sweet and generic, while the finish is pretty much the same. Perfectly good but not the gem it used to be.', 'This is raspy and rough on the nose, with heavy mint, green herb, latex and bell pepper aromas. It feels fairly full, with herb and peppery berry flavors, leading to a green, minty, scratchy finish.', "For wine drinkers who don't mind briny aromas, here is a wine with a funky-oyster quality on the nose. This adequate wine tastes of orange, brine, asparagus and pickled beans. It's juicy and plump on the tail end. END
START HERE This is raspy and rough on the nose, with heavy mint, green herb, latex and bell pepper aromas. It feels fairly full, with herb and peppery berry flavors, leading to a green, minty, scratchy finish.', "For wine drinkers who don't mind briny aromas, here is a wine with a funky-oyster quality on the nose. This adequate wine tastes of orange, brine, asparagus and pickled beans. It's juicy and plump on the tail end.", 'This wine starts with a combination of white flowers, spice, tropical fruit and green notes, with dry, crisp flavors of citrus and mineral on the palate. A good wine for fans of more angular whites, the wine will pair well with spicy Asian cuisine, grilled spicy fish or chicken. END
START HERE For wine drinkers who don't mind briny aromas, here is a wine with a funky-oyster quality on the nose. This adequate wine tastes of orange, brine, asparagus and pickled beans. It's juicy and plump on the tail end.", 'This wine starts with a combination of white flowers, spice, tropical fruit and green notes, with dry, crisp flavors of citrus and mineral on the palate. A good wine for fans of more angular whites, the wine will pair well with spicy Asian cuisine, grilled spicy fish or chicken.', 'Roasted and compact on the nose, with a slight burn along with generic berry and cassis aromas. Feels tannic and hard, with herbal, roasted flavors of blackberry and currants. Meaty but herbal on the finish. END
START HERE This wine starts with a combination of white flowers, spice, tropical fruit and green notes, with dry, crisp flavors of citrus and mineral on the palate. A good wine for fans of more angular whites, the wine will pair well with spicy Asian cuisine, grilled spicy fish or chicken.', 'Roasted and compact on the nose, with a slight burn along with generic berry and cassis aromas. Feels tannic and hard, with herbal, roasted flavors of blackberry and currants. Meaty but herbal on the finish.', 'Dry spice and plum flavors are lean but fair. This feels snappy, crisp and high in acidity, while flavors of plum and berry are loamy and finish mild except for a touch of residual zesty acid. END
START HERE Roasted and compact on the nose, with a slight burn along with generic berry and cassis aromas. Feels tannic and hard, with herbal, roasted flavors of blackberry and currants. Meaty but herbal on the finish.', 'Dry spice and plum flavors are lean but fair. This feels snappy, crisp and high in acidity, while flavors of plum and berry are loamy and finish mild except for a touch of residual zesty acid.', "Fresh, clean and rather soft in balance, this shows easy-to-like aromas of pear and apple, slightly sweet flavors of honey and pear juice, and an almost syrupy, soft mouthfeel. It's agreeable and sweet. END
START HERE Dry spice and plum flavors are lean but fair. This feels snappy, crisp and high in acidity, while flavors of plum and berry are loamy and finish mild except for a touch of residual zesty acid.', "Fresh, clean and rather soft in balance, this shows easy-to-like aromas of pear and apple, slightly sweet flavors of honey and pear juice, and an almost syrupy, soft mouthfeel. It's agreeable and sweet.", "This is a simple, country-style Pinot Noir, dry and modest in berry fruit. It's not bad, just not particularly interesting. But for the price, it will get you through. END
START HERE Fresh, clean and rather soft in balance, this shows easy-to-like aromas of pear and apple, slightly sweet flavors of honey and pear juice, and an almost syrupy, soft mouthfeel. It's agreeable and sweet.", "This is a simple, country-style Pinot Noir, dry and modest in berry fruit. It's not bad, just not particularly interesting. But for the price, it will get you through.", 'This easygoing wine smells mellow and plummy, tastes more like brown sugar than fruit and has a soft texture and medium body. END
START HERE This is a simple, country-style Pinot Noir, dry and modest in berry fruit. It's not bad, just not particularly interesting. But for the price, it will get you through.", 'This easygoing wine smells mellow and plummy, tastes more like brown sugar than fruit and has a soft texture and medium body.', 'This is a soft, gentle Pinot with a plum jelly flavor derived from a touch of sweetness in its fruit. Drink now. END
START HERE This easygoing wine smells mellow and plummy, tastes more like brown sugar than fruit and has a soft texture and medium body.', 'This is a soft, gentle Pinot with a plum jelly flavor derived from a touch of sweetness in its fruit. Drink now.', "This traditionally-styled wine has nice olive and herb aromas and smoky, dark cherry and bell pepper flavors. It's light-bodied, smooth and easy to sip. END
START HERE This is a soft, gentle Pinot with a plum jelly flavor derived from a touch of sweetness in its fruit. Drink now.', "This traditionally-styled wine has nice olive and herb aromas and smoky, dark cherry and bell pepper flavors. It's light-bodied, smooth and easy to sip.", "A very good effort, this may be among the last great values to emerge from Australia, as smaller crops and changing currencies will undoubtedly take their toll. It's remarkable that McLaren Vale fruit can go into a $12 bottle. Black cherry fruit is presented on a medium-bodied, softly tannic frame, embellished by hints of cola and eucalyptus. Finishes soft, with a fine texture of charcoal dust and lingering cassis flavors. END
START HERE This traditionally-styled wine has nice olive and herb aromas and smoky, dark cherry and bell pepper flavors. It's light-bodied, smooth and easy to sip.", "A very good effort, this may be among the last great values to emerge from Australia, as smaller crops and changing currencies will undoubtedly take their toll. It's remarkable that McLaren Vale fruit can go into a $12 bottle. Black cherry fruit is presented on a medium-bodied, softly tannic frame, embellished by hints of cola and eucalyptus. Finishes soft, with a fine texture of charcoal dust and lingering cassis flavors.", 'This is very light in color, with lightweight aromas of peach and citrus. It feels crisp and angular, with fine acidity that creates supreme freshness on the tongue. Flavors of peach and nectarine are spunky, ending like the toot of a whistle. END
START HERE A very good effort, this may be among the last great values to emerge from Australia, as smaller crops and changing currencies will undoubtedly take their toll. It's remarkable that McLaren Vale fruit can go into a $12 bottle. Black cherry fruit is presented on a medium-bodied, softly tannic frame, embellished by hints of cola and eucalyptus. Finishes soft, with a fine texture of charcoal dust and lingering cassis flavors.", 'This is very light in color, with lightweight aromas of peach and citrus. It feels crisp and angular, with fine acidity that creates supreme freshness on the tongue. Flavors of peach and nectarine are spunky, ending like the toot of a whistle.', 'The aromas of blue fruit and herb seem light considering the warmth of the vintage. The palate brings a mouthful of fruit flavors, bringing a pleasing sense of freshness. It all seems a bit dialed back. END
START HERE This is very light in color, with lightweight aromas of peach and citrus. It feels crisp and angular, with fine acidity that creates supreme freshness on the tongue. Flavors of peach and nectarine are spunky, ending like the toot of a whistle.', 'The aromas of blue fruit and herb seem light considering the warmth of the vintage. The palate brings a mouthful of fruit flavors, bringing a pleasing sense of freshness. It all seems a bit dialed back.', "Aromas of yellow apple, Bosc pear and melon lead to a textured, flavorful palate and a finish that lingers. It's a spot-on example of the variety and a guaranteed crowd-pleaser. END
START HERE The aromas of blue fruit and herb seem light considering the warmth of the vintage. The palate brings a mouthful of fruit flavors, bringing a pleasing sense of freshness. It all seems a bit dialed back.', "Aromas of yellow apple, Bosc pear and melon lead to a textured, flavorful palate and a finish that lingers. It's a spot-on example of the variety and a guaranteed crowd-pleaser.", 'Green bean and lettuce aromas run the tight, green nose straight into a lip-smacking, acidic palate with tart apple and green citrus flavors, i.e. lime. Crisp and acidic on the finish, with a minerally feel. END
START HERE Aromas of yellow apple, Bosc pear and melon lead to a textured, flavorful palate and a finish that lingers. It's a spot-on example of the variety and a guaranteed crowd-pleaser.", 'Green bean and lettuce aromas run the tight, green nose straight into a lip-smacking, acidic palate with tart apple and green citrus flavors, i.e. lime. Crisp and acidic on the finish, with a minerally feel.', 'Floral fruit aromas are neither heavy nor concentrated, but they are a touch medicinal and chocolaty. Flavors of clove, cherry, plum and oak are racy, while the finish is a bit resiny and weighted down by vanilla. Good wine for the price. END
START HERE Green bean and lettuce aromas run the tight, green nose straight into a lip-smacking, acidic palate with tart apple and green citrus flavors, i.e. lime. Crisp and acidic on the finish, with a minerally feel.', 'Floral fruit aromas are neither heavy nor concentrated, but they are a touch medicinal and chocolaty. Flavors of clove, cherry, plum and oak are racy, while the finish is a bit resiny and weighted down by vanilla. Good wine for the price.', "With more tannic grip than usual, and plenty of ripe black-cherry flavors, this is an enjoyable, full-bodied wine that will pair nicely with rich food. Made from Malbec, Petit Verdot and Petite Sirah, the wine's texture benefits from fine-grained tannins that balance the powerful fruit flavors quite well. END
START HERE Floral fruit aromas are neither heavy nor concentrated, but they are a touch medicinal and chocolaty. Flavors of clove, cherry, plum and oak are racy, while the finish is a bit resiny and weighted down by vanilla. Good wine for the price.', "With more tannic grip than usual, and plenty of ripe black-cherry flavors, this is an enjoyable, full-bodied wine that will pair nicely with rich food. Made from Malbec, Petit Verdot and Petite Sirah, the wine's texture benefits from fine-grained tannins that balance the powerful fruit flavors quite well.", 'Cinnamon, clove and cashew notes combine with peach and pineapple to offer a fleshy mouthful of satisfying flavor that only lacks a bit of zest on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE With more tannic grip than usual, and plenty of ripe black-cherry flavors, this is an enjoyable, full-bodied wine that will pair nicely with rich food. Made from Malbec, Petit Verdot and Petite Sirah, the wine's texture benefits from fine-grained tannins that balance the powerful fruit flavors quite well.", 'Cinnamon, clove and cashew notes combine with peach and pineapple to offer a fleshy mouthful of satisfying flavor that only lacks a bit of zest on the finish. Drink now.', 'Lots of cheerful substance in this blush bubbly. Dry and crisp, it has lip-smacking flavors of raspberries, strawberries and limes, with a toasty, yeasty richness. END
START HERE Cinnamon, clove and cashew notes combine with peach and pineapple to offer a fleshy mouthful of satisfying flavor that only lacks a bit of zest on the finish. Drink now.', 'Lots of cheerful substance in this blush bubbly. Dry and crisp, it has lip-smacking flavors of raspberries, strawberries and limes, with a toasty, yeasty richness.', 'This is a distinctive red wine from Puglia marked by apple skin and floral notes of dried rosebud, black tea and green olive. It has depth and personality—and a touch of volatility—that leaves a fresh impression. END
START HERE Lots of cheerful substance in this blush bubbly. Dry and crisp, it has lip-smacking flavors of raspberries, strawberries and limes, with a toasty, yeasty richness.', 'This is a distinctive red wine from Puglia marked by apple skin and floral notes of dried rosebud, black tea and green olive. It has depth and personality—and a touch of volatility—that leaves a fresh impression.', 'Forward berry and plum aromas are pleasant on the nose. On the palate, high acid drives flavors of plum and red berry fruit to a short and clean finish. END
START HERE This is a distinctive red wine from Puglia marked by apple skin and floral notes of dried rosebud, black tea and green olive. It has depth and personality—and a touch of volatility—that leaves a fresh impression.', 'Forward berry and plum aromas are pleasant on the nose. On the palate, high acid drives flavors of plum and red berry fruit to a short and clean finish.', 'Aromas pop, with notes of starfruit, cantaloupe, apple, butter and spice. The palate is broad with a lightly creamy feel, speckled throughout with cardamom notes. END
START HERE Forward berry and plum aromas are pleasant on the nose. On the palate, high acid drives flavors of plum and red berry fruit to a short and clean finish.', 'Aromas pop, with notes of starfruit, cantaloupe, apple, butter and spice. The palate is broad with a lightly creamy feel, speckled throughout with cardamom notes.', 'Known more for its red wines, Wolf Blass nevertheless makes a creditable Chardonnay for $12. hints of vanilla and toasted almond mark the nose, while the fruit flavors veer toward citrus and stay there, turning lemony on the finish. END
START HERE Aromas pop, with notes of starfruit, cantaloupe, apple, butter and spice. The palate is broad with a lightly creamy feel, speckled throughout with cardamom notes.', 'Known more for its red wines, Wolf Blass nevertheless makes a creditable Chardonnay for $12. hints of vanilla and toasted almond mark the nose, while the fruit flavors veer toward citrus and stay there, turning lemony on the finish.', 'With watery flavors of oranges, buttered toast and white sugar, this is a very simple Chardonnay. END
START HERE Known more for its red wines, Wolf Blass nevertheless makes a creditable Chardonnay for $12. hints of vanilla and toasted almond mark the nose, while the fruit flavors veer toward citrus and stay there, turning lemony on the finish.', 'With watery flavors of oranges, buttered toast and white sugar, this is a very simple Chardonnay.', "The dark color suggests the heaviness of this blush wine. It's sweet and simple in raspberry jam and vanilla flavors. END
START HERE With watery flavors of oranges, buttered toast and white sugar, this is a very simple Chardonnay.', "The dark color suggests the heaviness of this blush wine. It's sweet and simple in raspberry jam and vanilla flavors.", 'This 100% varietal brings a fruit-forward profile of candied red currants, cranberry and spice. It has fresh, medium-bodied flavors, with the concentration a bit wanting. END
START HERE The dark color suggests the heaviness of this blush wine. It's sweet and simple in raspberry jam and vanilla flavors.", 'This 100% varietal brings a fruit-forward profile of candied red currants, cranberry and spice. It has fresh, medium-bodied flavors, with the concentration a bit wanting.', "Pineapples, pears and citrus fruits fall over each other in this soft, fruit-driven Chardonnay. It's medium in body, with just enough citrus on the finish to keep it together. A solid effort, especially for the price. END
START HERE This 100% varietal brings a fruit-forward profile of candied red currants, cranberry and spice. It has fresh, medium-bodied flavors, with the concentration a bit wanting.', "Pineapples, pears and citrus fruits fall over each other in this soft, fruit-driven Chardonnay. It's medium in body, with just enough citrus on the finish to keep it together. A solid effort, especially for the price.", 'The wine is dry, firm and initially tough. With its dry wood core, the fruit is not getting a chance. END
START HERE Pineapples, pears and citrus fruits fall over each other in this soft, fruit-driven Chardonnay. It's medium in body, with just enough citrus on the finish to keep it together. A solid effort, especially for the price.", 'The wine is dry, firm and initially tough. With its dry wood core, the fruit is not getting a chance.', "From a warm, inland region, this is nevertheless a fine value. It's rich and full-bodied without being over the top, offering spice-accented notes of peach, apricot and pineapple. Drink now. END
START HERE The wine is dry, firm and initially tough. With its dry wood core, the fruit is not getting a chance.', "From a warm, inland region, this is nevertheless a fine value. It's rich and full-bodied without being over the top, offering spice-accented notes of peach, apricot and pineapple. Drink now.", 'Patagonian style floral and mild citrus aromas infiltrate the bouquet, with generic red-fruit scents coming on later. Bright, juicy and a little hot and fiery in the mouth, with wild berry flavors and a toasty, dark finish. Plenty ripe but not subtle. END
START HERE From a warm, inland region, this is nevertheless a fine value. It's rich and full-bodied without being over the top, offering spice-accented notes of peach, apricot and pineapple. Drink now.", 'Patagonian style floral and mild citrus aromas infiltrate the bouquet, with generic red-fruit scents coming on later. Bright, juicy and a little hot and fiery in the mouth, with wild berry flavors and a toasty, dark finish. Plenty ripe but not subtle.', 'Aromatic and herbaceous, this is a fresh red-currant- and citrus-flavored wine. With textured acidity and a bright, crisp character, it is developing well and it should be ready to drink in a few months. END
START HERE Patagonian style floral and mild citrus aromas infiltrate the bouquet, with generic red-fruit scents coming on later. Bright, juicy and a little hot and fiery in the mouth, with wild berry flavors and a toasty, dark finish. Plenty ripe but not subtle.', 'Aromatic and herbaceous, this is a fresh red-currant- and citrus-flavored wine. With textured acidity and a bright, crisp character, it is developing well and it should be ready to drink in a few months.', 'Cola, plum and red-currant aromas set up a tight palate with clamping tannins. Flavors of black cherry, cassis, plum and chocolate are lasting across the finish. This needs hearty food, additional airing or both to show its best. END
START HERE Aromatic and herbaceous, this is a fresh red-currant- and citrus-flavored wine. With textured acidity and a bright, crisp character, it is developing well and it should be ready to drink in a few months.', 'Cola, plum and red-currant aromas set up a tight palate with clamping tannins. Flavors of black cherry, cassis, plum and chocolate are lasting across the finish. This needs hearty food, additional airing or both to show its best.', 'Stalky and green smelling, with tobacco and stemmy fruit aromas. The palate is scratchy and stewy, with soupy flavors of tomato and raspberry. Herbal on the deficient finish. END
START HERE Cola, plum and red-currant aromas set up a tight palate with clamping tannins. Flavors of black cherry, cassis, plum and chocolate are lasting across the finish. This needs hearty food, additional airing or both to show its best.', 'Stalky and green smelling, with tobacco and stemmy fruit aromas. The palate is scratchy and stewy, with soupy flavors of tomato and raspberry. Herbal on the deficient finish.', "A new addition to the winery's portfolio, this wine is predominantly Sangiovese with some Syrah blended in. Bright aromas of wild strawberry and peach lead to crisp, dry, lightly spritzy fruit flavors that persist. END
START HERE Stalky and green smelling, with tobacco and stemmy fruit aromas. The palate is scratchy and stewy, with soupy flavors of tomato and raspberry. Herbal on the deficient finish.', "A new addition to the winery's portfolio, this wine is predominantly Sangiovese with some Syrah blended in. Bright aromas of wild strawberry and peach lead to crisp, dry, lightly spritzy fruit flavors that persist.", 'Dark in color, with aromas of raisin, cassis, cough medicine and baked plum. More of a sweet, stocky style of Cab than your average linear, textbook version; but the blackberry and plum flavors, while chunky, are warm and well assembled. Richer than your average value-priced Cab, so drink now. END
START HERE A new addition to the winery's portfolio, this wine is predominantly Sangiovese with some Syrah blended in. Bright aromas of wild strawberry and peach lead to crisp, dry, lightly spritzy fruit flavors that persist.", 'Dark in color, with aromas of raisin, cassis, cough medicine and baked plum. More of a sweet, stocky style of Cab than your average linear, textbook version; but the blackberry and plum flavors, while chunky, are warm and well assembled. Richer than your average value-priced Cab, so drink now.', 'An awkward, unbalanced wine. Has green, vegetal flavors alongside sweet candied raspberries. END
START HERE Dark in color, with aromas of raisin, cassis, cough medicine and baked plum. More of a sweet, stocky style of Cab than your average linear, textbook version; but the blackberry and plum flavors, while chunky, are warm and well assembled. Richer than your average value-priced Cab, so drink now.', 'An awkward, unbalanced wine. Has green, vegetal flavors alongside sweet candied raspberries.', 'Dusty, smoky saffron and pollen complexities accent sunny white grapefruit notes in this racy, light-footed kabinett. Its honey- and lemon-laced palate is straightforward yet refreshing, and the finish is crisp and clean. Drink now through 2019. END
START HERE An awkward, unbalanced wine. Has green, vegetal flavors alongside sweet candied raspberries.', 'Dusty, smoky saffron and pollen complexities accent sunny white grapefruit notes in this racy, light-footed kabinett. Its honey- and lemon-laced palate is straightforward yet refreshing, and the finish is crisp and clean. Drink now through 2019.', 'Aromas of roasted savory berry fruits and baked beans are solid. This Merlot exhibits good grip on a medium-bodied palate. Salty earthy flavors of berry fruits and dry oak finish leafy and spicy. END
START HERE Dusty, smoky saffron and pollen complexities accent sunny white grapefruit notes in this racy, light-footed kabinett. Its honey- and lemon-laced palate is straightforward yet refreshing, and the finish is crisp and clean. Drink now through 2019.', 'Aromas of roasted savory berry fruits and baked beans are solid. This Merlot exhibits good grip on a medium-bodied palate. Salty earthy flavors of berry fruits and dry oak finish leafy and spicy.', 'Moderately leafy and brambly smelling, this is supported by its berry aroma. It feels edgy and juicy, with tangy, herbal raspberry and plum flavors. The finish is quick and snappy, with a hint of tomato and lasting green flavor. END
START HERE Aromas of roasted savory berry fruits and baked beans are solid. This Merlot exhibits good grip on a medium-bodied palate. Salty earthy flavors of berry fruits and dry oak finish leafy and spicy.', 'Moderately leafy and brambly smelling, this is supported by its berry aroma. It feels edgy and juicy, with tangy, herbal raspberry and plum flavors. The finish is quick and snappy, with a hint of tomato and lasting green flavor.', 'Atypically ripe, weighty and intense for a Finger Lakes wine, with pear and peach notes buttressed by minerally dry extract. The mouthfeel is thick and viscous and the alcohol level a relatively high 13.1%, but it finishes long and elegantly, with tongue-tingling acids. END
START HERE Moderately leafy and brambly smelling, this is supported by its berry aroma. It feels edgy and juicy, with tangy, herbal raspberry and plum flavors. The finish is quick and snappy, with a hint of tomato and lasting green flavor.', 'Atypically ripe, weighty and intense for a Finger Lakes wine, with pear and peach notes buttressed by minerally dry extract. The mouthfeel is thick and viscous and the alcohol level a relatively high 13.1%, but it finishes long and elegantly, with tongue-tingling acids.', 'Damp, foresty, stalky aromas are backed by a chunky, slightly sticky feeling palate. Black cherry and mocha flavors set the stage for a ripe finish, with brown-sugar sweetness. END
START HERE Atypically ripe, weighty and intense for a Finger Lakes wine, with pear and peach notes buttressed by minerally dry extract. The mouthfeel is thick and viscous and the alcohol level a relatively high 13.1%, but it finishes long and elegantly, with tongue-tingling acids.', 'Damp, foresty, stalky aromas are backed by a chunky, slightly sticky feeling palate. Black cherry and mocha flavors set the stage for a ripe finish, with brown-sugar sweetness.', 'Generous, fruity and rich, this ripe wine has black chocolate flavors to go with its soft tannins and rounded structure. At the end, acidity gives freshness and blackberry-jelly sweetness. END
START HERE Damp, foresty, stalky aromas are backed by a chunky, slightly sticky feeling palate. Black cherry and mocha flavors set the stage for a ripe finish, with brown-sugar sweetness.', 'Generous, fruity and rich, this ripe wine has black chocolate flavors to go with its soft tannins and rounded structure. At the end, acidity gives freshness and blackberry-jelly sweetness.', 'A rich wine laden with juicy blackberry fruits and wood tannins, lapping up the ripe vintage. Soft and ready to drink. END
START HERE Generous, fruity and rich, this ripe wine has black chocolate flavors to go with its soft tannins and rounded structure. At the end, acidity gives freshness and blackberry-jelly sweetness.', 'A rich wine laden with juicy blackberry fruits and wood tannins, lapping up the ripe vintage. Soft and ready to drink.', "Aromas of crushed stones and smoke lend a dusty mineral tone to this steely, savory-style Riesling. It's dry on the palate, yet refreshingly lean with a kick of lemon-lime acidity that reverberates through the finish. A surprisingly elegant wine at a bargain price. END
START HERE A rich wine laden with juicy blackberry fruits and wood tannins, lapping up the ripe vintage. Soft and ready to drink.', "Aromas of crushed stones and smoke lend a dusty mineral tone to this steely, savory-style Riesling. It's dry on the palate, yet refreshingly lean with a kick of lemon-lime acidity that reverberates through the finish. A surprisingly elegant wine at a bargain price.", "Packs more flavor than any other two wines put together. This fruit bomb explodes on the palate with limes, tangerines,  peaches and the sweetest green apples and papayas, and it's all creamy and spicy. It feels dryish until you swallow, when a peacock's tail of sugar fans out on the way down. —S.H. END
START HERE Aromas of crushed stones and smoke lend a dusty mineral tone to this steely, savory-style Riesling. It's dry on the palate, yet refreshingly lean with a kick of lemon-lime acidity that reverberates through the finish. A surprisingly elegant wine at a bargain price.", "Packs more flavor than any other two wines put together. This fruit bomb explodes on the palate with limes, tangerines,  peaches and the sweetest green apples and papayas, and it's all creamy and spicy. It feels dryish until you swallow, when a peacock's tail of sugar fans out on the way down. —S.H.", 'A nuanced touch of residual sugar softens the edges of this zesty, light-footed Riesling. Its sweet-tart lemon and lime flavors are thirst-quenching and crisp. Touches of crushed minerals and nuts mark its brisk finish. END
START HERE Packs more flavor than any other two wines put together. This fruit bomb explodes on the palate with limes, tangerines,  peaches and the sweetest green apples and papayas, and it's all creamy and spicy. It feels dryish until you swallow, when a peacock's tail of sugar fans out on the way down. —S.H.", 'A nuanced touch of residual sugar softens the edges of this zesty, light-footed Riesling. Its sweet-tart lemon and lime flavors are thirst-quenching and crisp. Touches of crushed minerals and nuts mark its brisk finish.', "A standout in this new vintage, Waterbrook's pure varietal bottling explodes into life with bright, spicy, pungent scents of recently mown lawn, herb, pine needle, citrus and melon. Fresh, clean, textural and persistent, it has a depth of flavor rarely found at this price. END
START HERE A nuanced touch of residual sugar softens the edges of this zesty, light-footed Riesling. Its sweet-tart lemon and lime flavors are thirst-quenching and crisp. Touches of crushed minerals and nuts mark its brisk finish.', "A standout in this new vintage, Waterbrook's pure varietal bottling explodes into life with bright, spicy, pungent scents of recently mown lawn, herb, pine needle, citrus and melon. Fresh, clean, textural and persistent, it has a depth of flavor rarely found at this price.", 'Leathery berry aromas are earthy and suggest notes of cured meat and cheese. It gets tougher and more tannic the more it breathes, with black fruit, herb and spice flavors. Generous but rough in feel, it has a powerful, medium-long finish. END
START HERE A standout in this new vintage, Waterbrook's pure varietal bottling explodes into life with bright, spicy, pungent scents of recently mown lawn, herb, pine needle, citrus and melon. Fresh, clean, textural and persistent, it has a depth of flavor rarely found at this price.", 'Leathery berry aromas are earthy and suggest notes of cured meat and cheese. It gets tougher and more tannic the more it breathes, with black fruit, herb and spice flavors. Generous but rough in feel, it has a powerful, medium-long finish.', 'This wine is textured, tight and seems to be missing out on fruit. It has pepper, spice and just a few hints of green plums. There is a bitter aftertaste. END
START HERE Leathery berry aromas are earthy and suggest notes of cured meat and cheese. It gets tougher and more tannic the more it breathes, with black fruit, herb and spice flavors. Generous but rough in feel, it has a powerful, medium-long finish.', 'This wine is textured, tight and seems to be missing out on fruit. It has pepper, spice and just a few hints of green plums. There is a bitter aftertaste.', "This wine is straight down the Cabernet fairway with aromas and flavors of black and green olive, plum, herbs, mocha and pencil lead. It's soft in feel with a pinch of sugar stitching it all together. END
START HERE This wine is textured, tight and seems to be missing out on fruit. It has pepper, spice and just a few hints of green plums. There is a bitter aftertaste.', "This wine is straight down the Cabernet fairway with aromas and flavors of black and green olive, plum, herbs, mocha and pencil lead. It's soft in feel with a pinch of sugar stitching it all together.", "This wine is straight down the fairway with tropical aromas and flavors of pineapple, kiwi and spice. There's not a lot of complexity but it's hard to deny its appeal. END
START HERE This wine is straight down the Cabernet fairway with aromas and flavors of black and green olive, plum, herbs, mocha and pencil lead. It's soft in feel with a pinch of sugar stitching it all together.", "This wine is straight down the fairway with tropical aromas and flavors of pineapple, kiwi and spice. There's not a lot of complexity but it's hard to deny its appeal.", 'Light cherry colored, this wine displays aromas of herbs, cherry and melon. It drinks off dry (6.6g/L residual sugar) but lacks the acid to support the sugar. END
START HERE This wine is straight down the fairway with tropical aromas and flavors of pineapple, kiwi and spice. There's not a lot of complexity but it's hard to deny its appeal.", 'Light cherry colored, this wine displays aromas of herbs, cherry and melon. It drinks off dry (6.6g/L residual sugar) but lacks the acid to support the sugar.', 'Dark, smoky, herbal aromas come with cheesy notes of oak and horse hide. This has a wiry, high-acid mouthfeel and herbal, spicy, pinched dark-berry flavors. High acidity creates a racy sensation on an oaky, fast-paced finish. END
START HERE Light cherry colored, this wine displays aromas of herbs, cherry and melon. It drinks off dry (6.6g/L residual sugar) but lacks the acid to support the sugar.', 'Dark, smoky, herbal aromas come with cheesy notes of oak and horse hide. This has a wiry, high-acid mouthfeel and herbal, spicy, pinched dark-berry flavors. High acidity creates a racy sensation on an oaky, fast-paced finish.', 'This big, full-bodied wine is unabashedly bold and brassy, from the aromas of toasted oak to the buttery flavors and vanilla finish. While dry, it has a rich texture and the near-sweetness of ripe varietal flavors. END
START HERE Dark, smoky, herbal aromas come with cheesy notes of oak and horse hide. This has a wiry, high-acid mouthfeel and herbal, spicy, pinched dark-berry flavors. High acidity creates a racy sensation on an oaky, fast-paced finish.', 'This big, full-bodied wine is unabashedly bold and brassy, from the aromas of toasted oak to the buttery flavors and vanilla finish. While dry, it has a rich texture and the near-sweetness of ripe varietal flavors.', "Pristine grapefruit and lemon are cloaked in savory notes of crushed mineral, pollen and fennel in this light-bodied Riesling. Off-dry and spry in style, it's lifted by a racy crush of lemon-lime acidity on the finish. END
START HERE This big, full-bodied wine is unabashedly bold and brassy, from the aromas of toasted oak to the buttery flavors and vanilla finish. While dry, it has a rich texture and the near-sweetness of ripe varietal flavors.', "Pristine grapefruit and lemon are cloaked in savory notes of crushed mineral, pollen and fennel in this light-bodied Riesling. Off-dry and spry in style, it's lifted by a racy crush of lemon-lime acidity on the finish.", 'Light colored and light flavored, this has just hints of fruitiness along with the acidity. It is a crisp wine, very dry in character, bright and tangy at the end. END
START HERE Pristine grapefruit and lemon are cloaked in savory notes of crushed mineral, pollen and fennel in this light-bodied Riesling. Off-dry and spry in style, it's lifted by a racy crush of lemon-lime acidity on the finish.", 'Light colored and light flavored, this has just hints of fruitiness along with the acidity. It is a crisp wine, very dry in character, bright and tangy at the end.', 'A big, rich, thick Zinfandel, jammy in raspberries, blackberries and cherries, with a bubblegum gassiness. Drink now with burgers, ribs, pasta marinara. END
START HERE Light colored and light flavored, this has just hints of fruitiness along with the acidity. It is a crisp wine, very dry in character, bright and tangy at the end.', 'A big, rich, thick Zinfandel, jammy in raspberries, blackberries and cherries, with a bubblegum gassiness. Drink now with burgers, ribs, pasta marinara.', 'Briary and prickly smelling, with juicy acidity, a lean structure and tart pie cherry and red plum flavors. Expect a light, translucent Pinot that emphasizes freshness and crisp acidity. END
START HERE A big, rich, thick Zinfandel, jammy in raspberries, blackberries and cherries, with a bubblegum gassiness. Drink now with burgers, ribs, pasta marinara.', 'Briary and prickly smelling, with juicy acidity, a lean structure and tart pie cherry and red plum flavors. Expect a light, translucent Pinot that emphasizes freshness and crisp acidity.', "There's an initial astringency to the bouquet of this wine, presented in scents of red-cherry skin, apple and raspberry leaf. The palate offers more of the same, with bitter tannins and fruit-skin flavors that lead into a finish reminiscent of oversteeped black tea. END
START HERE Briary and prickly smelling, with juicy acidity, a lean structure and tart pie cherry and red plum flavors. Expect a light, translucent Pinot that emphasizes freshness and crisp acidity.', "There's an initial astringency to the bouquet of this wine, presented in scents of red-cherry skin, apple and raspberry leaf. The palate offers more of the same, with bitter tannins and fruit-skin flavors that lead into a finish reminiscent of oversteeped black tea.", 'Fragrant, fresh, young and zippy, this is a simple, fruity summer rosé. The nose expresses only citrus but the mild palate shows some of the cherry-ish roundness of Zweigelt. Its light body and full fruit make it the ideal light refreshment. Drink as soon as possible. END
START HERE There's an initial astringency to the bouquet of this wine, presented in scents of red-cherry skin, apple and raspberry leaf. The palate offers more of the same, with bitter tannins and fruit-skin flavors that lead into a finish reminiscent of oversteeped black tea.", 'Fragrant, fresh, young and zippy, this is a simple, fruity summer rosé. The nose expresses only citrus but the mild palate shows some of the cherry-ish roundness of Zweigelt. Its light body and full fruit make it the ideal light refreshment. Drink as soon as possible.', 'This dry, medium-bodied wine has slightly earthy aromas, a tart cherry flavor and nicely tangy texture with light tannins. Lively mouthfeel makes it a good dinner wine. END
START HERE Fragrant, fresh, young and zippy, this is a simple, fruity summer rosé. The nose expresses only citrus but the mild palate shows some of the cherry-ish roundness of Zweigelt. Its light body and full fruit make it the ideal light refreshment. Drink as soon as possible.', 'This dry, medium-bodied wine has slightly earthy aromas, a tart cherry flavor and nicely tangy texture with light tannins. Lively mouthfeel makes it a good dinner wine.', 'Easy, creamy wine, with soft apple flavors and a touch of citrus. There is a light edge of toast to round out the soft, fleshy aftertaste. END
START HERE This dry, medium-bodied wine has slightly earthy aromas, a tart cherry flavor and nicely tangy texture with light tannins. Lively mouthfeel makes it a good dinner wine.', 'Easy, creamy wine, with soft apple flavors and a touch of citrus. There is a light edge of toast to round out the soft, fleshy aftertaste.', "Created by music industry businessman Kedar Massenburg (CEO Motown Records), the K'orus range is produced in the Languedoc. This Cabernet Sauvignon gives blackberry fruits, very juicy, lightly sweet to finish, but retaining attractive structure and acidity. END
START HERE Easy, creamy wine, with soft apple flavors and a touch of citrus. There is a light edge of toast to round out the soft, fleshy aftertaste.', "Created by music industry businessman Kedar Massenburg (CEO Motown Records), the K'orus range is produced in the Languedoc. This Cabernet Sauvignon gives blackberry fruits, very juicy, lightly sweet to finish, but retaining attractive structure and acidity.", "Beautifully smooth, this medium-bodied and easy-drinking wine seems to melt in the mouth. Black cherry, blueberry and light smoky aromas segue to more cherry and chocolate flavors on the palate, where the texture is soft and appealing. It's a harmonious blend of Zinfandel, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah. END
START HERE Created by music industry businessman Kedar Massenburg (CEO Motown Records), the K'orus range is produced in the Languedoc. This Cabernet Sauvignon gives blackberry fruits, very juicy, lightly sweet to finish, but retaining attractive structure and acidity.", "Beautifully smooth, this medium-bodied and easy-drinking wine seems to melt in the mouth. Black cherry, blueberry and light smoky aromas segue to more cherry and chocolate flavors on the palate, where the texture is soft and appealing. It's a harmonious blend of Zinfandel, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah.", "This is a full-bodied, simple wine, made from 70% Merlot, 20% Syrah and 10% “other” red grapes. It's soft in texture, with candied berry, cola and spice flavors and a short finish. END
START HERE Beautifully smooth, this medium-bodied and easy-drinking wine seems to melt in the mouth. Black cherry, blueberry and light smoky aromas segue to more cherry and chocolate flavors on the palate, where the texture is soft and appealing. It's a harmonious blend of Zinfandel, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah.", "This is a full-bodied, simple wine, made from 70% Merlot, 20% Syrah and 10% “other” red grapes. It's soft in texture, with candied berry, cola and spice flavors and a short finish.", 'Somewhat murky and smelling of compost and green berry fruit. Feels full and wide, with a hard palate containing milk chocolate and molasses flavors. Finishes bitter, dark and herbal, with gripping tannins. Tasted twice. END
START HERE This is a full-bodied, simple wine, made from 70% Merlot, 20% Syrah and 10% “other” red grapes. It's soft in texture, with candied berry, cola and spice flavors and a short finish.", 'Somewhat murky and smelling of compost and green berry fruit. Feels full and wide, with a hard palate containing milk chocolate and molasses flavors. Finishes bitter, dark and herbal, with gripping tannins. Tasted twice.', 'This is ready to drink with its ripe black fruits and soft structure. A tannic edge keeps the berry fruits in order, allowing the juicy acidity also to shine. At the end, the wood aging shows along with the black currant fruit. END
START HERE Somewhat murky and smelling of compost and green berry fruit. Feels full and wide, with a hard palate containing milk chocolate and molasses flavors. Finishes bitter, dark and herbal, with gripping tannins. Tasted twice.', 'This is ready to drink with its ripe black fruits and soft structure. A tannic edge keeps the berry fruits in order, allowing the juicy acidity also to shine. At the end, the wood aging shows along with the black currant fruit.', 'Sawdust and wild-berry aromas are loud on the nose. Flabby in feel, with a slight sense of rawness, this tastes of briar patch and wood, with candied plum and berry fruit. Rubbery tannins make for a rocky finish. END
START HERE This is ready to drink with its ripe black fruits and soft structure. A tannic edge keeps the berry fruits in order, allowing the juicy acidity also to shine. At the end, the wood aging shows along with the black currant fruit.', 'Sawdust and wild-berry aromas are loud on the nose. Flabby in feel, with a slight sense of rawness, this tastes of briar patch and wood, with candied plum and berry fruit. Rubbery tannins make for a rocky finish.', 'This structured wine has ripe black fruits followed by red berries. There is a good depth of flavor, the tannins giving the bright fruit weight and a mouthfilling character. END
START HERE Sawdust and wild-berry aromas are loud on the nose. Flabby in feel, with a slight sense of rawness, this tastes of briar patch and wood, with candied plum and berry fruit. Rubbery tannins make for a rocky finish.', 'This structured wine has ripe black fruits followed by red berries. There is a good depth of flavor, the tannins giving the bright fruit weight and a mouthfilling character.', 'With watered-down tropical fruit and peach flavors, this Chardonnay shows a strong oak-like note, in the form of butterscotch. It finishes sugary sweet. END
START HERE This structured wine has ripe black fruits followed by red berries. There is a good depth of flavor, the tannins giving the bright fruit weight and a mouthfilling character.', 'With watered-down tropical fruit and peach flavors, this Chardonnay shows a strong oak-like note, in the form of butterscotch. It finishes sugary sweet.', 'Charming and straightforward, barnyard, charred meat and manure notes on the nose lead to a palate perfumed with mixed berry compote. Shows the faintest grip on the shortish finish. Try with baby lamb chops. END
START HERE With watered-down tropical fruit and peach flavors, this Chardonnay shows a strong oak-like note, in the form of butterscotch. It finishes sugary sweet.', 'Charming and straightforward, barnyard, charred meat and manure notes on the nose lead to a palate perfumed with mixed berry compote. Shows the faintest grip on the shortish finish. Try with baby lamb chops.', 'This blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Syrah and Zinfandel shows aromas of green olive, lemongrass, herb and woodspice. The style is elegant with sweet fruit flavors backed by lightly astringent tannins. END
START HERE Charming and straightforward, barnyard, charred meat and manure notes on the nose lead to a palate perfumed with mixed berry compote. Shows the faintest grip on the shortish finish. Try with baby lamb chops.', 'This blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Syrah and Zinfandel shows aromas of green olive, lemongrass, herb and woodspice. The style is elegant with sweet fruit flavors backed by lightly astringent tannins.', "A stellar deal for the price, this wine shows plum, strawberry and asphalt on the nose, with a touch of clove-nutmeg spice. It's tart and dry, with dusty elderberry flavors on the palate, boosted by a touch of mint and a decent structure. END
START HERE This blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Syrah and Zinfandel shows aromas of green olive, lemongrass, herb and woodspice. The style is elegant with sweet fruit flavors backed by lightly astringent tannins.', "A stellar deal for the price, this wine shows plum, strawberry and asphalt on the nose, with a touch of clove-nutmeg spice. It's tart and dry, with dusty elderberry flavors on the palate, boosted by a touch of mint and a decent structure.", 'With its pale sunset color and light raspberry flavors, this is a fresh, crisp wine. The tang of lemon zest and acidity is part of the fruitiness without dominating. Drink now. END
START HERE A stellar deal for the price, this wine shows plum, strawberry and asphalt on the nose, with a touch of clove-nutmeg spice. It's tart and dry, with dusty elderberry flavors on the palate, boosted by a touch of mint and a decent structure.", 'With its pale sunset color and light raspberry flavors, this is a fresh, crisp wine. The tang of lemon zest and acidity is part of the fruitiness without dominating. Drink now.', "Nasty in ammonia and bell pepper aromas and flavors. Hardly any fruit at all, maybe a touch of acidic grapefruits and lemons. Yet it's dry and drinkable. END
START HERE With its pale sunset color and light raspberry flavors, this is a fresh, crisp wine. The tang of lemon zest and acidity is part of the fruitiness without dominating. Drink now.', "Nasty in ammonia and bell pepper aromas and flavors. Hardly any fruit at all, maybe a touch of acidic grapefruits and lemons. Yet it's dry and drinkable.", "Nutty and sweaty smelling. There's life and acidity to the palate, but the flavors of pickled fruits turn bitter and seem less than clean. Doesn't start that well and never improves. END
START HERE Nasty in ammonia and bell pepper aromas and flavors. Hardly any fruit at all, maybe a touch of acidic grapefruits and lemons. Yet it's dry and drinkable.", "Nutty and sweaty smelling. There's life and acidity to the palate, but the flavors of pickled fruits turn bitter and seem less than clean. Doesn't start that well and never improves.", 'Light scratchy aromas of spiced plum and raspberry set up a racy lean palate that nobody would label as heavy. Quick simple flavors of red plum and red currant finish tangy but mild. END
START HERE Nutty and sweaty smelling. There's life and acidity to the palate, but the flavors of pickled fruits turn bitter and seem less than clean. Doesn't start that well and never improves.", 'Light scratchy aromas of spiced plum and raspberry set up a racy lean palate that nobody would label as heavy. Quick simple flavors of red plum and red currant finish tangy but mild.', "Layers of smoke, slate, saffron and pollen lend earthy, mineral complexities to bright honey and tangerine flavors in this off-dry kabinett. It's brisk and refreshingly juicy yet intriguingly nuanced. Drink now through 2018. END
START HERE Light scratchy aromas of spiced plum and raspberry set up a racy lean palate that nobody would label as heavy. Quick simple flavors of red plum and red currant finish tangy but mild.', "Layers of smoke, slate, saffron and pollen lend earthy, mineral complexities to bright honey and tangerine flavors in this off-dry kabinett. It's brisk and refreshingly juicy yet intriguingly nuanced. Drink now through 2018.", 'This attractive blend of Grenache and Cinsault is fruity with lively acidity and a crisp, tangy texture. Raspberry and orange zest hang happily together. Drink now. END
START HERE Layers of smoke, slate, saffron and pollen lend earthy, mineral complexities to bright honey and tangerine flavors in this off-dry kabinett. It's brisk and refreshingly juicy yet intriguingly nuanced. Drink now through 2018.", 'This attractive blend of Grenache and Cinsault is fruity with lively acidity and a crisp, tangy texture. Raspberry and orange zest hang happily together. Drink now.', "The initial nosing reveals a char-broiled character along with maple. That nose turns even darker with airing, indicating that no barrel was spared in the making of this wine. The flavor profile is all dark berries and cream, with yet more wood at the heart. On the tail end, it's dry, broad and full of tannins and extract that coat the mouth. Best Buy. END
START HERE This attractive blend of Grenache and Cinsault is fruity with lively acidity and a crisp, tangy texture. Raspberry and orange zest hang happily together. Drink now.', "The initial nosing reveals a char-broiled character along with maple. That nose turns even darker with airing, indicating that no barrel was spared in the making of this wine. The flavor profile is all dark berries and cream, with yet more wood at the heart. On the tail end, it's dry, broad and full of tannins and extract that coat the mouth. Best Buy.", 'This is a thin, water wine with delicate grapefruit flavor. The finish is brightened by a burst of citrusy acidity. END
START HERE The initial nosing reveals a char-broiled character along with maple. That nose turns even darker with airing, indicating that no barrel was spared in the making of this wine. The flavor profile is all dark berries and cream, with yet more wood at the heart. On the tail end, it's dry, broad and full of tannins and extract that coat the mouth. Best Buy.", 'This is a thin, water wine with delicate grapefruit flavor. The finish is brightened by a burst of citrusy acidity.', 'A pale copper color, this offers initial aromas of ripe peach, pineapple core and ripe strawberry, providing a lushly fruity impression on the nose. The palate offers subtle structure and ample acidity to carry the ripe fruit tones, with a subtle peppery spice that dances on the finish. END
START HERE This is a thin, water wine with delicate grapefruit flavor. The finish is brightened by a burst of citrusy acidity.', 'A pale copper color, this offers initial aromas of ripe peach, pineapple core and ripe strawberry, providing a lushly fruity impression on the nose. The palate offers subtle structure and ample acidity to carry the ripe fruit tones, with a subtle peppery spice that dances on the finish.', "Intensely oaky, buttery and creamy, this lush style also shows ample acidity, keeping the richness in check. It's big and borderline blowsy, but packed with flavor. END
START HERE A pale copper color, this offers initial aromas of ripe peach, pineapple core and ripe strawberry, providing a lushly fruity impression on the nose. The palate offers subtle structure and ample acidity to carry the ripe fruit tones, with a subtle peppery spice that dances on the finish.', "Intensely oaky, buttery and creamy, this lush style also shows ample acidity, keeping the richness in check. It's big and borderline blowsy, but packed with flavor.", 'Dark pink-red in color, this is a dry, lean and pleasant quaff, bright in cranberry and orange, with a meaty back note and a quick finish. END
START HERE Intensely oaky, buttery and creamy, this lush style also shows ample acidity, keeping the richness in check. It's big and borderline blowsy, but packed with flavor.", 'Dark pink-red in color, this is a dry, lean and pleasant quaff, bright in cranberry and orange, with a meaty back note and a quick finish.', 'This smells like toasted bread and hickory smoke and tastes even more charred and smoky. Like a good barbecue sauce it has a sweet touch to balance the smoky, jammy fruit flavors. This is an extreme taste experience that will be a big hit with some. END
START HERE Dark pink-red in color, this is a dry, lean and pleasant quaff, bright in cranberry and orange, with a meaty back note and a quick finish.', 'This smells like toasted bread and hickory smoke and tastes even more charred and smoky. Like a good barbecue sauce it has a sweet touch to balance the smoky, jammy fruit flavors. This is an extreme taste experience that will be a big hit with some.', 'This is a great house pour for fans of Chilean Merlot with its consistent fruit, soft acidity and low tannins. On the nose and palate, a core of sweet, Red Delicious apple is accented by dry leather, toasty vanilla and dried herbs. Simple, but well crafted. END
START HERE This smells like toasted bread and hickory smoke and tastes even more charred and smoky. Like a good barbecue sauce it has a sweet touch to balance the smoky, jammy fruit flavors. This is an extreme taste experience that will be a big hit with some.', 'This is a great house pour for fans of Chilean Merlot with its consistent fruit, soft acidity and low tannins. On the nose and palate, a core of sweet, Red Delicious apple is accented by dry leather, toasty vanilla and dried herbs. Simple, but well crafted.', 'Tropical aromas rise up and win you over. Bold and citrusy in the mouth, with crisp lime, green apple, grapefruit and passion fruit flavors. Zesty and remaining fruity until the end. A ripe, fresh, familiar wine done right. END
START HERE This is a great house pour for fans of Chilean Merlot with its consistent fruit, soft acidity and low tannins. On the nose and palate, a core of sweet, Red Delicious apple is accented by dry leather, toasty vanilla and dried herbs. Simple, but well crafted.', 'Tropical aromas rise up and win you over. Bold and citrusy in the mouth, with crisp lime, green apple, grapefruit and passion fruit flavors. Zesty and remaining fruity until the end. A ripe, fresh, familiar wine done right.', 'A stalky, almost weedy nose offers burnt aromas of red fruits and oak. This feels tannic and crisp, while flavors of roasted berry fruits are earthy. The finish feels right but tastes herbal and saucy. This is 60% Cabernet Sauvignon, 40% Malbec and 10% Cab Franc. END
START HERE Tropical aromas rise up and win you over. Bold and citrusy in the mouth, with crisp lime, green apple, grapefruit and passion fruit flavors. Zesty and remaining fruity until the end. A ripe, fresh, familiar wine done right.', 'A stalky, almost weedy nose offers burnt aromas of red fruits and oak. This feels tannic and crisp, while flavors of roasted berry fruits are earthy. The finish feels right but tastes herbal and saucy. This is 60% Cabernet Sauvignon, 40% Malbec and 10% Cab Franc.', 'Barrel aromas of vanilla and mocha are at the fore, followed by blue fruit and blackberries. The palate displays a mixture of fruit and barrel flavors that linger through the finish. END
START HERE A stalky, almost weedy nose offers burnt aromas of red fruits and oak. This feels tannic and crisp, while flavors of roasted berry fruits are earthy. The finish feels right but tastes herbal and saucy. This is 60% Cabernet Sauvignon, 40% Malbec and 10% Cab Franc.', 'Barrel aromas of vanilla and mocha are at the fore, followed by blue fruit and blackberries. The palate displays a mixture of fruit and barrel flavors that linger through the finish.', "There's a stalky, corny element to the nose, which otherwise shows peach and apple aromas. The palate is citrusy and hits with punchy acidity. Flavors of white fruits include honeydew. The finish is citrusy but lacks complexity. END
START HERE Barrel aromas of vanilla and mocha are at the fore, followed by blue fruit and blackberries. The palate displays a mixture of fruit and barrel flavors that linger through the finish.', "There's a stalky, corny element to the nose, which otherwise shows peach and apple aromas. The palate is citrusy and hits with punchy acidity. Flavors of white fruits include honeydew. The finish is citrusy but lacks complexity.", 'Very fruity, fresh and easy to enjoy, this has the smoothness of barrel age but little overt oak flavor. It features bright red cherry and raspberry aromas, juicy berry flavors and a texture with just enough bite to be appetizing. END
START HERE There's a stalky, corny element to the nose, which otherwise shows peach and apple aromas. The palate is citrusy and hits with punchy acidity. Flavors of white fruits include honeydew. The finish is citrusy but lacks complexity.", 'Very fruity, fresh and easy to enjoy, this has the smoothness of barrel age but little overt oak flavor. It features bright red cherry and raspberry aromas, juicy berry flavors and a texture with just enough bite to be appetizing.', 'Ripe blackberry aromas carry notes of prune and raisin. For a ripe, dark wine, this is juicy and well balanced. Oaky, toasty flavors lean toward dark fruits and blackberry, and the finish keeps the dark-fruit theme going while folding in bitter coffee notes. END
START HERE Very fruity, fresh and easy to enjoy, this has the smoothness of barrel age but little overt oak flavor. It features bright red cherry and raspberry aromas, juicy berry flavors and a texture with just enough bite to be appetizing.', 'Ripe blackberry aromas carry notes of prune and raisin. For a ripe, dark wine, this is juicy and well balanced. Oaky, toasty flavors lean toward dark fruits and blackberry, and the finish keeps the dark-fruit theme going while folding in bitter coffee notes.', 'Although based in Cahors, Château Famaey uses this looser Côtes du Lot appellation for this easy, fresh and fruity wine. It has ripe berry fruits with a light touch of acidity and tannin. Drink now. END
START HERE Ripe blackberry aromas carry notes of prune and raisin. For a ripe, dark wine, this is juicy and well balanced. Oaky, toasty flavors lean toward dark fruits and blackberry, and the finish keeps the dark-fruit theme going while folding in bitter coffee notes.', 'Although based in Cahors, Château Famaey uses this looser Côtes du Lot appellation for this easy, fresh and fruity wine. It has ripe berry fruits with a light touch of acidity and tannin. Drink now.', "Kiwi, pineapple and herb aromas are followed by medium-bodied fruit flavors. The concentration isn't quite all there in the middle but it still provides enjoyment. END
START HERE Although based in Cahors, Château Famaey uses this looser Côtes du Lot appellation for this easy, fresh and fruity wine. It has ripe berry fruits with a light touch of acidity and tannin. Drink now.', "Kiwi, pineapple and herb aromas are followed by medium-bodied fruit flavors. The concentration isn't quite all there in the middle but it still provides enjoyment.", "The 2010 Sauce is three quarters Merlot, with Syrah and Malbec filling in the rest. It's a simple, accessible red blend, with accents of cut tobacco over black cherry fruit. END
START HERE Kiwi, pineapple and herb aromas are followed by medium-bodied fruit flavors. The concentration isn't quite all there in the middle but it still provides enjoyment.", "The 2010 Sauce is three quarters Merlot, with Syrah and Malbec filling in the rest. It's a simple, accessible red blend, with accents of cut tobacco over black cherry fruit.", 'This is concentrated and dark in color, with chocolaty berry and plum aromas. A full-bodied, plump and oaky palate houses milk chocolate and herbal blackberry flavors, while a healthy, driving finish with residual oak winds things down. END
START HERE The 2010 Sauce is three quarters Merlot, with Syrah and Malbec filling in the rest. It's a simple, accessible red blend, with accents of cut tobacco over black cherry fruit.", 'This is concentrated and dark in color, with chocolaty berry and plum aromas. A full-bodied, plump and oaky palate houses milk chocolate and herbal blackberry flavors, while a healthy, driving finish with residual oak winds things down.', 'The nose on this SB is pure grass, bell pepper and hay. The palate is citric on one hand but still flat and wayward in feel, with globular green-fruit flavors and a bitter tasting finish. END
START HERE This is concentrated and dark in color, with chocolaty berry and plum aromas. A full-bodied, plump and oaky palate houses milk chocolate and herbal blackberry flavors, while a healthy, driving finish with residual oak winds things down.', 'The nose on this SB is pure grass, bell pepper and hay. The palate is citric on one hand but still flat and wayward in feel, with globular green-fruit flavors and a bitter tasting finish.', 'This opens with aromas of sour cherry and red raspberry. In the mouth, there are pleasant flavors of tart cherry and red raspberry leading up to an astringent yet balanced finish. END
START HERE The nose on this SB is pure grass, bell pepper and hay. The palate is citric on one hand but still flat and wayward in feel, with globular green-fruit flavors and a bitter tasting finish.', 'This opens with aromas of sour cherry and red raspberry. In the mouth, there are pleasant flavors of tart cherry and red raspberry leading up to an astringent yet balanced finish.', 'A little heavy and syrupy, but for twelve bucks, you get a creamy wine with pineapple jam and vanilla flavors. END
START HERE This opens with aromas of sour cherry and red raspberry. In the mouth, there are pleasant flavors of tart cherry and red raspberry leading up to an astringent yet balanced finish.', 'A little heavy and syrupy, but for twelve bucks, you get a creamy wine with pineapple jam and vanilla flavors.', 'This overly ripe Malbec is packed with rooty spice, oak and tree bark aromas. The wine feels sticky and soupy, with a resiny texture and salty, oaky flavors of syrupy berries and mint. A sugary, cloying finish is short on freshness. END
START HERE A little heavy and syrupy, but for twelve bucks, you get a creamy wine with pineapple jam and vanilla flavors.', 'This overly ripe Malbec is packed with rooty spice, oak and tree bark aromas. The wine feels sticky and soupy, with a resiny texture and salty, oaky flavors of syrupy berries and mint. A sugary, cloying finish is short on freshness.', "Made with 95% Schiava Grossa and 5% Lagrein, this bright wine conveys aromas of red currant and violet. The savory, easy-drinking palate doles out crunchy red cherry and baking spices. It's balanced with crisp acidity and soft, smooth tannins. Enjoy soon. END
START HERE This overly ripe Malbec is packed with rooty spice, oak and tree bark aromas. The wine feels sticky and soupy, with a resiny texture and salty, oaky flavors of syrupy berries and mint. A sugary, cloying finish is short on freshness.', "Made with 95% Schiava Grossa and 5% Lagrein, this bright wine conveys aromas of red currant and violet. The savory, easy-drinking palate doles out crunchy red cherry and baking spices. It's balanced with crisp acidity and soft, smooth tannins. Enjoy soon.", 'A straightforward wine with notes of plum, currant and herbs. The flavors are lighter in style supported by firm tannins. END
START HERE Made with 95% Schiava Grossa and 5% Lagrein, this bright wine conveys aromas of red currant and violet. The savory, easy-drinking palate doles out crunchy red cherry and baking spices. It's balanced with crisp acidity and soft, smooth tannins. Enjoy soon.", 'A straightforward wine with notes of plum, currant and herbs. The flavors are lighter in style supported by firm tannins.', 'Rusty and light in color, with a dilute, stalky set of aromas, this thin Pinot is dry, a touch bitter and largely fruitless on the flavor profile. A bland, lightly woody finish tastes stalky and not fully ripe. END
START HERE A straightforward wine with notes of plum, currant and herbs. The flavors are lighter in style supported by firm tannins.', 'Rusty and light in color, with a dilute, stalky set of aromas, this thin Pinot is dry, a touch bitter and largely fruitless on the flavor profile. A bland, lightly woody finish tastes stalky and not fully ripe.', 'Heavy hayfield aromas are oxidized, and the flavors of almond peel, citrus pith and baked banana do nothing to impress. Not a fresh or healthy wine, if it ever was. Past its prime. END
START HERE Rusty and light in color, with a dilute, stalky set of aromas, this thin Pinot is dry, a touch bitter and largely fruitless on the flavor profile. A bland, lightly woody finish tastes stalky and not fully ripe.', 'Heavy hayfield aromas are oxidized, and the flavors of almond peel, citrus pith and baked banana do nothing to impress. Not a fresh or healthy wine, if it ever was. Past its prime.', 'Lightly gritty, stalky and earthy on the nose, this blend offers additional aromas of wild berry fruits, spice and tomato. A slightly heavy, grabby palate offers roasted, salty blackberry flavors followed by notes of leather and meat on the finish. END
START HERE Heavy hayfield aromas are oxidized, and the flavors of almond peel, citrus pith and baked banana do nothing to impress. Not a fresh or healthy wine, if it ever was. Past its prime.', 'Lightly gritty, stalky and earthy on the nose, this blend offers additional aromas of wild berry fruits, spice and tomato. A slightly heavy, grabby palate offers roasted, salty blackberry flavors followed by notes of leather and meat on the finish.', 'A soft style of Riesling, with some attractive aromatic white flower character. The fruit is soft, just off dry, freshened by acidity. Screwcap. END
START HERE Lightly gritty, stalky and earthy on the nose, this blend offers additional aromas of wild berry fruits, spice and tomato. A slightly heavy, grabby palate offers roasted, salty blackberry flavors followed by notes of leather and meat on the finish.', 'A soft style of Riesling, with some attractive aromatic white flower character. The fruit is soft, just off dry, freshened by acidity. Screwcap.', 'Strawberry, cherry and other red-fruits comprise a thin-styled bouquet, and pretty much the rest of the show follows suit. The palate is of medium weight, without much heft or structure. Flavors of red fruits are lean. END
START HERE A soft style of Riesling, with some attractive aromatic white flower character. The fruit is soft, just off dry, freshened by acidity. Screwcap.', 'Strawberry, cherry and other red-fruits comprise a thin-styled bouquet, and pretty much the rest of the show follows suit. The palate is of medium weight, without much heft or structure. Flavors of red fruits are lean.', 'Nice and dry, with brisk acidity framing pineapple, vanilla and cinnamon spice flavors, boosted with a touch of smoky oak. END
START HERE Strawberry, cherry and other red-fruits comprise a thin-styled bouquet, and pretty much the rest of the show follows suit. The palate is of medium weight, without much heft or structure. Flavors of red fruits are lean.', 'Nice and dry, with brisk acidity framing pineapple, vanilla and cinnamon spice flavors, boosted with a touch of smoky oak.', "This raspberry-flavored wine is soft and ripe. While it is fruity, it also has a nutty character that gives it a rich taste. It's dry and in a style that will make it better with food than by itself. END
START HERE Nice and dry, with brisk acidity framing pineapple, vanilla and cinnamon spice flavors, boosted with a touch of smoky oak.', "This raspberry-flavored wine is soft and ripe. While it is fruity, it also has a nutty character that gives it a rich taste. It's dry and in a style that will make it better with food than by itself.", 'Made from 96% Grenache Noir and 4% Syrah, this is a fresh, pretty and easy to like rosé, with attractive notes of peony, strawberry top, orange blossom and thyme. The mouthfeel is light, but flavorful, with a pleasant citrus-pith and watermelon-rind bitterness that lingers on the finish. END
START HERE This raspberry-flavored wine is soft and ripe. While it is fruity, it also has a nutty character that gives it a rich taste. It's dry and in a style that will make it better with food than by itself.", 'Made from 96% Grenache Noir and 4% Syrah, this is a fresh, pretty and easy to like rosé, with attractive notes of peony, strawberry top, orange blossom and thyme. The mouthfeel is light, but flavorful, with a pleasant citrus-pith and watermelon-rind bitterness that lingers on the finish.', 'With alcohol just 12.5%, this high-toned, fruit-driven Riesling has some residual sugar, but does not taste all that sweet. The extra ripe fruit suggests tropical candy—pineapple, papaya and lemon sours. END
START HERE Made from 96% Grenache Noir and 4% Syrah, this is a fresh, pretty and easy to like rosé, with attractive notes of peony, strawberry top, orange blossom and thyme. The mouthfeel is light, but flavorful, with a pleasant citrus-pith and watermelon-rind bitterness that lingers on the finish.', 'With alcohol just 12.5%, this high-toned, fruit-driven Riesling has some residual sugar, but does not taste all that sweet. The extra ripe fruit suggests tropical candy—pineapple, papaya and lemon sours.', "Just a smidge over the edge into off dry, this is a big, juicy wine with a luscious mix of tropical candy fruit flavors. It's like tasting an entire roll of tropical Life Savers all in a glass. The residual sugar is offset with balancing acidity, and it's a versatile wine that can accompany a wide range of slightly spicy foods. END
START HERE With alcohol just 12.5%, this high-toned, fruit-driven Riesling has some residual sugar, but does not taste all that sweet. The extra ripe fruit suggests tropical candy—pineapple, papaya and lemon sours.', "Just a smidge over the edge into off dry, this is a big, juicy wine with a luscious mix of tropical candy fruit flavors. It's like tasting an entire roll of tropical Life Savers all in a glass. The residual sugar is offset with balancing acidity, and it's a versatile wine that can accompany a wide range of slightly spicy foods.", 'Floral aromas of wisteria and lychee are tropical and musky. In the mouth, this unoaked Chardonnay feels oily but also citrusy. Flavors of lychee and lime finish similarly, conveying tropical overtones. END
START HERE Just a smidge over the edge into off dry, this is a big, juicy wine with a luscious mix of tropical candy fruit flavors. It's like tasting an entire roll of tropical Life Savers all in a glass. The residual sugar is offset with balancing acidity, and it's a versatile wine that can accompany a wide range of slightly spicy foods.", 'Floral aromas of wisteria and lychee are tropical and musky. In the mouth, this unoaked Chardonnay feels oily but also citrusy. Flavors of lychee and lime finish similarly, conveying tropical overtones.', 'Sweet on the nose with honeysuckle, golden honey, apple syrup and a touch of cement minerality, this wine is aimed at pairing with Asian food. The palate may be a touch too treacly for that, with rich honey-orange-vanilla elements. END
START HERE Floral aromas of wisteria and lychee are tropical and musky. In the mouth, this unoaked Chardonnay feels oily but also citrusy. Flavors of lychee and lime finish similarly, conveying tropical overtones.', 'Sweet on the nose with honeysuckle, golden honey, apple syrup and a touch of cement minerality, this wine is aimed at pairing with Asian food. The palate may be a touch too treacly for that, with rich honey-orange-vanilla elements.', 'Jumpy cherry and plum aromas are fresh and direct. This has a wiry, grabby palate, with raspberry and spiced plum flavors. Rubbery tannins, edgy acidity and reedy red-berry flavors create an intense but rough ending. END
START HERE Sweet on the nose with honeysuckle, golden honey, apple syrup and a touch of cement minerality, this wine is aimed at pairing with Asian food. The palate may be a touch too treacly for that, with rich honey-orange-vanilla elements.', 'Jumpy cherry and plum aromas are fresh and direct. This has a wiry, grabby palate, with raspberry and spiced plum flavors. Rubbery tannins, edgy acidity and reedy red-berry flavors create an intense but rough ending.', "Light and fruity, this is full of strawberries. The wine has a fresh character with a light touch of pepper and spice. It's attractive, bright and ready to drink. END
START HERE Jumpy cherry and plum aromas are fresh and direct. This has a wiry, grabby palate, with raspberry and spiced plum flavors. Rubbery tannins, edgy acidity and reedy red-berry flavors create an intense but rough ending.', "Light and fruity, this is full of strawberries. The wine has a fresh character with a light touch of pepper and spice. It's attractive, bright and ready to drink.", 'This Cabernet opens with a light whiff of green leafiness, then cola, berry and rhubarb notes appear. The mouthfeel is lively and crisp, with a shot of acidity in the midpalate sticking out. Slightly tart flavors of berry and cassis are spicy and herbal, while the finish is quick. END
START HERE Light and fruity, this is full of strawberries. The wine has a fresh character with a light touch of pepper and spice. It's attractive, bright and ready to drink.", 'This Cabernet opens with a light whiff of green leafiness, then cola, berry and rhubarb notes appear. The mouthfeel is lively and crisp, with a shot of acidity in the midpalate sticking out. Slightly tart flavors of berry and cassis are spicy and herbal, while the finish is quick.', "Initial aromas of clove and cinnamon suggest a lot of barrel action, but give it a few minutes and the wine settles on ripe black fruit, dark spice notes and richness. It's big-boned but not overly tannic, and it exhibits Shiraz's bacon and espresso character in a good way. END
START HERE This Cabernet opens with a light whiff of green leafiness, then cola, berry and rhubarb notes appear. The mouthfeel is lively and crisp, with a shot of acidity in the midpalate sticking out. Slightly tart flavors of berry and cassis are spicy and herbal, while the finish is quick.', "Initial aromas of clove and cinnamon suggest a lot of barrel action, but give it a few minutes and the wine settles on ripe black fruit, dark spice notes and richness. It's big-boned but not overly tannic, and it exhibits Shiraz's bacon and espresso character in a good way.", 'This is a very attractive, fruity and smooth wine in a plush style. Aromas of pear and pineapple turn to full flavors lightly spiced with vanilla. The texture is easy-going, mouthfilling and helps the flavors linger on the finish. END
START HERE Initial aromas of clove and cinnamon suggest a lot of barrel action, but give it a few minutes and the wine settles on ripe black fruit, dark spice notes and richness. It's big-boned but not overly tannic, and it exhibits Shiraz's bacon and espresso character in a good way.", 'This is a very attractive, fruity and smooth wine in a plush style. Aromas of pear and pineapple turn to full flavors lightly spiced with vanilla. The texture is easy-going, mouthfilling and helps the flavors linger on the finish.', 'Standard plum and berry aromas form a harmonious opening. The palate on this Cab is a bit acidic, with a clipped overall mouthfeel and lightly baked, earthy flavors of generic black fruits. The finish is leathery tasting and chewy. END
START HERE This is a very attractive, fruity and smooth wine in a plush style. Aromas of pear and pineapple turn to full flavors lightly spiced with vanilla. The texture is easy-going, mouthfilling and helps the flavors linger on the finish.', 'Standard plum and berry aromas form a harmonious opening. The palate on this Cab is a bit acidic, with a clipped overall mouthfeel and lightly baked, earthy flavors of generic black fruits. The finish is leathery tasting and chewy.', 'Showing the faintest shade of pink possible upon pouring, this Cinsault-based rosé offers up light yet fruit-forward aromas and flavors of apple, pear and yellow melon. A seam of citrusy acidity zips through the palate, lending verve and vibrancy to the mouthfeel, while a hint of bitter orange peel graces the finish. END
START HERE Standard plum and berry aromas form a harmonious opening. The palate on this Cab is a bit acidic, with a clipped overall mouthfeel and lightly baked, earthy flavors of generic black fruits. The finish is leathery tasting and chewy.', 'Showing the faintest shade of pink possible upon pouring, this Cinsault-based rosé offers up light yet fruit-forward aromas and flavors of apple, pear and yellow melon. A seam of citrusy acidity zips through the palate, lending verve and vibrancy to the mouthfeel, while a hint of bitter orange peel graces the finish.', 'Citrus and sweaty aromas require patience. This is juicy and citrusy in feel, with flavors of green fruits, lime in particular. A lightly vegetal finish offset by candied sweet notes makes this unfocused. END
START HERE Showing the faintest shade of pink possible upon pouring, this Cinsault-based rosé offers up light yet fruit-forward aromas and flavors of apple, pear and yellow melon. A seam of citrusy acidity zips through the palate, lending verve and vibrancy to the mouthfeel, while a hint of bitter orange peel graces the finish.', 'Citrus and sweaty aromas require patience. This is juicy and citrusy in feel, with flavors of green fruits, lime in particular. A lightly vegetal finish offset by candied sweet notes makes this unfocused.', 'Fresh bell pepper and passion fruit aromas are a bit underripe in character. The palate feels juicy and bright, with zesty acidity. Nectarine and green-herb flavors hint at vegetal undertones, while the finish is short but fresh. Drink now. END
START HERE Citrus and sweaty aromas require patience. This is juicy and citrusy in feel, with flavors of green fruits, lime in particular. A lightly vegetal finish offset by candied sweet notes makes this unfocused.', 'Fresh bell pepper and passion fruit aromas are a bit underripe in character. The palate feels juicy and bright, with zesty acidity. Nectarine and green-herb flavors hint at vegetal undertones, while the finish is short but fresh. Drink now.', 'Gritty apple and matchstick aromas are not overly stable. This feels plump and sticky, while flavors of ripe citrus turn soft with time in the glass. A chunky, melony finish lacks the resolve and acidity Sauvignon Blanc is known for. END
START HERE Fresh bell pepper and passion fruit aromas are a bit underripe in character. The palate feels juicy and bright, with zesty acidity. Nectarine and green-herb flavors hint at vegetal undertones, while the finish is short but fresh. Drink now.', 'Gritty apple and matchstick aromas are not overly stable. This feels plump and sticky, while flavors of ripe citrus turn soft with time in the glass. A chunky, melony finish lacks the resolve and acidity Sauvignon Blanc is known for.', 'Protected by the Massif de Sainte-Baume, kept dry and sunny with the Mistral winds that blow down the Rhône Valley, this vineyard can produce ripe wines like this. It has a crisp cool feel to it, bright with acidity as well as red currant and tangy orange. This is a delicious wine, with a fruity aftertaste. END
START HERE Gritty apple and matchstick aromas are not overly stable. This feels plump and sticky, while flavors of ripe citrus turn soft with time in the glass. A chunky, melony finish lacks the resolve and acidity Sauvignon Blanc is known for.', 'Protected by the Massif de Sainte-Baume, kept dry and sunny with the Mistral winds that blow down the Rhône Valley, this vineyard can produce ripe wines like this. It has a crisp cool feel to it, bright with acidity as well as red currant and tangy orange. This is a delicious wine, with a fruity aftertaste.', 'Lime, mineral and green herbs combine to create a nice aromatic opening. The palate is juicy and healthy, with flavors of jalapeño, lime and green apple. Finishes solid and quite long for a basic SB. Well made and tasty. END
START HERE Protected by the Massif de Sainte-Baume, kept dry and sunny with the Mistral winds that blow down the Rhône Valley, this vineyard can produce ripe wines like this. It has a crisp cool feel to it, bright with acidity as well as red currant and tangy orange. This is a delicious wine, with a fruity aftertaste.', 'Lime, mineral and green herbs combine to create a nice aromatic opening. The palate is juicy and healthy, with flavors of jalapeño, lime and green apple. Finishes solid and quite long for a basic SB. Well made and tasty.', "This nicely rich and rounded wine smells like vanilla and toasted bread. The flavors are ripe and black-cherry-like, with a hint of chocolate and baking spices that comes from oak. It's medium bodied and easy to like. END
START HERE Lime, mineral and green herbs combine to create a nice aromatic opening. The palate is juicy and healthy, with flavors of jalapeño, lime and green apple. Finishes solid and quite long for a basic SB. Well made and tasty.', "This nicely rich and rounded wine smells like vanilla and toasted bread. The flavors are ripe and black-cherry-like, with a hint of chocolate and baking spices that comes from oak. It's medium bodied and easy to like.", 'The name of the top brand from the massive KWV winery refers to the cathedral-like roof of its main winery. This is a rich, generous wine, with spice, ripe fruit and a good layer of toasty wood flavors. There is complexity also, introduced by the crisp acidity that complements the opulent fruit. Best Buy. END
START HERE This nicely rich and rounded wine smells like vanilla and toasted bread. The flavors are ripe and black-cherry-like, with a hint of chocolate and baking spices that comes from oak. It's medium bodied and easy to like.", 'The name of the top brand from the massive KWV winery refers to the cathedral-like roof of its main winery. This is a rich, generous wine, with spice, ripe fruit and a good layer of toasty wood flavors. There is complexity also, introduced by the crisp acidity that complements the opulent fruit. Best Buy.', 'Made from Malbec, this lightly structured wine tastes rich while also fruity. Caramel flavors go over the red berry fruits and give a rounded, still fresh aftertaste. END
START HERE The name of the top brand from the massive KWV winery refers to the cathedral-like roof of its main winery. This is a rich, generous wine, with spice, ripe fruit and a good layer of toasty wood flavors. There is complexity also, introduced by the crisp acidity that complements the opulent fruit. Best Buy.', 'Made from Malbec, this lightly structured wine tastes rich while also fruity. Caramel flavors go over the red berry fruits and give a rounded, still fresh aftertaste.', "Off-dry, this is very nearly a dessert wine, but it's crisp and minerally enough to consider as a dry table wine. Shows tart, clean flavors of citrus, peach, apricot and wildflower, with the diesel taste of Riesling. END
START HERE Made from Malbec, this lightly structured wine tastes rich while also fruity. Caramel flavors go over the red berry fruits and give a rounded, still fresh aftertaste.', "Off-dry, this is very nearly a dessert wine, but it's crisp and minerally enough to consider as a dry table wine. Shows tart, clean flavors of citrus, peach, apricot and wildflower, with the diesel taste of Riesling.", "Punchy citrus aromas have a tropical accent. This is soft on acidity, with flavors of grass, green fruits and bitterness that end in a swirl of green herbs and pepper. Overall, there isn't much fruit. END
START HERE Off-dry, this is very nearly a dessert wine, but it's crisp and minerally enough to consider as a dry table wine. Shows tart, clean flavors of citrus, peach, apricot and wildflower, with the diesel taste of Riesling.", "Punchy citrus aromas have a tropical accent. This is soft on acidity, with flavors of grass, green fruits and bitterness that end in a swirl of green herbs and pepper. Overall, there isn't much fruit.", 'Straw colored in the glass, this Bulgarian Chardonnay has aromas of custard apple, mango and lemon flowers. In the mouth, it has flavors of green apple, white peach and tropical fruit flavors, especially guava and mango. It is well rounded in the mouth with a soft finish. END
START HERE Punchy citrus aromas have a tropical accent. This is soft on acidity, with flavors of grass, green fruits and bitterness that end in a swirl of green herbs and pepper. Overall, there isn't much fruit.", 'Straw colored in the glass, this Bulgarian Chardonnay has aromas of custard apple, mango and lemon flowers. In the mouth, it has flavors of green apple, white peach and tropical fruit flavors, especially guava and mango. It is well rounded in the mouth with a soft finish.', "This is a sound Pinot Noir that's common but varietally correct. Silky in texture, it's dry and crisp with acidity, accented with pink bubblegum, raspberry-pie filling and spice flavors. END
START HERE Straw colored in the glass, this Bulgarian Chardonnay has aromas of custard apple, mango and lemon flowers. In the mouth, it has flavors of green apple, white peach and tropical fruit flavors, especially guava and mango. It is well rounded in the mouth with a soft finish.', "This is a sound Pinot Noir that's common but varietally correct. Silky in texture, it's dry and crisp with acidity, accented with pink bubblegum, raspberry-pie filling and spice flavors.", 'Named after the French word for inhabitants of the Loire Valley, this crisp, medium-sweet wine has a light caramel touch over crushed strawberry fruits. It is ready to drink. END
START HERE This is a sound Pinot Noir that's common but varietally correct. Silky in texture, it's dry and crisp with acidity, accented with pink bubblegum, raspberry-pie filling and spice flavors.", 'Named after the French word for inhabitants of the Loire Valley, this crisp, medium-sweet wine has a light caramel touch over crushed strawberry fruits. It is ready to drink.', "Aromas of mineral, smoke and floral black fruit are attractive, while the palate is focused and nimble, with red fruit, rhubarb and herbal notes. There's a wild, rather natural character to this wine along with a solid finish that brings herb flavors and medium tannic bite. END
START HERE Named after the French word for inhabitants of the Loire Valley, this crisp, medium-sweet wine has a light caramel touch over crushed strawberry fruits. It is ready to drink.', "Aromas of mineral, smoke and floral black fruit are attractive, while the palate is focused and nimble, with red fruit, rhubarb and herbal notes. There's a wild, rather natural character to this wine along with a solid finish that brings herb flavors and medium tannic bite.", 'Tight wild berry and cherry aromas come with a soapy accent. This is blocky and fiercely tannic, with muscular, grapy flavors that hint at blackberry before turning hot and bitter on the finish. END
START HERE Aromas of mineral, smoke and floral black fruit are attractive, while the palate is focused and nimble, with red fruit, rhubarb and herbal notes. There's a wild, rather natural character to this wine along with a solid finish that brings herb flavors and medium tannic bite.", 'Tight wild berry and cherry aromas come with a soapy accent. This is blocky and fiercely tannic, with muscular, grapy flavors that hint at blackberry before turning hot and bitter on the finish.', "Lightly sweet blue fruit aromas and flavors mix with coffee, mocha, toast and herbs. It doesn't seem entirely like Cabernet but it's hard to ignore its appeal. END
START HERE Tight wild berry and cherry aromas come with a soapy accent. This is blocky and fiercely tannic, with muscular, grapy flavors that hint at blackberry before turning hot and bitter on the finish.', "Lightly sweet blue fruit aromas and flavors mix with coffee, mocha, toast and herbs. It doesn't seem entirely like Cabernet but it's hard to ignore its appeal.", 'Dry and clean, this is a nice Cabernet for everyday drinking. It shows modest blackberry, cherry, currant and herb flavors, with a kiss of oak. END
START HERE Lightly sweet blue fruit aromas and flavors mix with coffee, mocha, toast and herbs. It doesn't seem entirely like Cabernet but it's hard to ignore its appeal.", 'Dry and clean, this is a nice Cabernet for everyday drinking. It shows modest blackberry, cherry, currant and herb flavors, with a kiss of oak.', "Dry, briary, leathery aromas come in front of a high-acid palate that's almost shocking in its zestiness. Tart but generic flavors of cherry and red plum finish with a skins-like texture and lasting acidity. END
START HERE Dry and clean, this is a nice Cabernet for everyday drinking. It shows modest blackberry, cherry, currant and herb flavors, with a kiss of oak.', "Dry, briary, leathery aromas come in front of a high-acid palate that's almost shocking in its zestiness. Tart but generic flavors of cherry and red plum finish with a skins-like texture and lasting acidity.", 'Salinic, minerally aromas come with citrus and passion fruit notes. This Central Valley SB feels round and medium in terms of intensity, with melony, green-leaning flavors of lime. On the finish, pithy grapefruit flavors end with mild bitterness. END
START HERE Dry, briary, leathery aromas come in front of a high-acid palate that's almost shocking in its zestiness. Tart but generic flavors of cherry and red plum finish with a skins-like texture and lasting acidity.", 'Salinic, minerally aromas come with citrus and passion fruit notes. This Central Valley SB feels round and medium in terms of intensity, with melony, green-leaning flavors of lime. On the finish, pithy grapefruit flavors end with mild bitterness.', 'Aromas of black cherry, smoked meat and thyme prepare the taste buds for flavors of black cherry, smoked meat, oregano, and lemon zest with notes of dark chocolate. Soft yet persistent tannins coat the palate, culminating in a delightfully bright finish. END
START HERE Salinic, minerally aromas come with citrus and passion fruit notes. This Central Valley SB feels round and medium in terms of intensity, with melony, green-leaning flavors of lime. On the finish, pithy grapefruit flavors end with mild bitterness.', 'Aromas of black cherry, smoked meat and thyme prepare the taste buds for flavors of black cherry, smoked meat, oregano, and lemon zest with notes of dark chocolate. Soft yet persistent tannins coat the palate, culminating in a delightfully bright finish.', 'Lively spice and minerals lead on the nose of this value white, with a play of fresh lemon citrus and acid offering refreshing character. The wine has body but is light. Perfect for seafood and solo sipping. END
START HERE Aromas of black cherry, smoked meat and thyme prepare the taste buds for flavors of black cherry, smoked meat, oregano, and lemon zest with notes of dark chocolate. Soft yet persistent tannins coat the palate, culminating in a delightfully bright finish.', 'Lively spice and minerals lead on the nose of this value white, with a play of fresh lemon citrus and acid offering refreshing character. The wine has body but is light. Perfect for seafood and solo sipping.', 'This wine is 57% Syrah, 25% Cabernet Sauvignon, 9% Viognier, 6% Merlot and 3% other varieties. The Viognier gives the aromas and deftly styled flavors, with notes of orange peel and flowers. The Syrah lends blueberries and gaminess, with herb and chocolate notes coming from Cabernet. END
START HERE Lively spice and minerals lead on the nose of this value white, with a play of fresh lemon citrus and acid offering refreshing character. The wine has body but is light. Perfect for seafood and solo sipping.', 'This wine is 57% Syrah, 25% Cabernet Sauvignon, 9% Viognier, 6% Merlot and 3% other varieties. The Viognier gives the aromas and deftly styled flavors, with notes of orange peel and flowers. The Syrah lends blueberries and gaminess, with herb and chocolate notes coming from Cabernet.', "Sauvignon Blanc, yes, but it's a round, tropical fruit style of Sauvignon. It gives a rich texture and and a warm feel to the wine, reinforced by its soft aftertaste. It's ready to drink now. END
START HERE This wine is 57% Syrah, 25% Cabernet Sauvignon, 9% Viognier, 6% Merlot and 3% other varieties. The Viognier gives the aromas and deftly styled flavors, with notes of orange peel and flowers. The Syrah lends blueberries and gaminess, with herb and chocolate notes coming from Cabernet.', "Sauvignon Blanc, yes, but it's a round, tropical fruit style of Sauvignon. It gives a rich texture and and a warm feel to the wine, reinforced by its soft aftertaste. It's ready to drink now.", "At this price, a decent party wine to serve when no one's fussy. It's dry, medium-bodied and fruity, with a pleasant cut of tannins. END
START HERE Sauvignon Blanc, yes, but it's a round, tropical fruit style of Sauvignon. It gives a rich texture and and a warm feel to the wine, reinforced by its soft aftertaste. It's ready to drink now.", "At this price, a decent party wine to serve when no one's fussy. It's dry, medium-bodied and fruity, with a pleasant cut of tannins.", 'Dark and minerally, with black fruits, char and power on the nose. The palate is fresh and grippy, with integrated cassis, berry and herb flavors. Dry and lightly herbal on the finish, which is long and solid. A very nice blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Carmenère, Cab Franc and Petit Verdot. END
START HERE At this price, a decent party wine to serve when no one's fussy. It's dry, medium-bodied and fruity, with a pleasant cut of tannins.", 'Dark and minerally, with black fruits, char and power on the nose. The palate is fresh and grippy, with integrated cassis, berry and herb flavors. Dry and lightly herbal on the finish, which is long and solid. A very nice blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Carmenère, Cab Franc and Petit Verdot.', 'Heavy, baked aromas of black plum, berry and rubber are dense and chunky. This is big, grabby and tannic in feel, with grapey flavors of blackberry and earthy tobacco. A minty, round, soft finish is plump and grabby. END
START HERE Dark and minerally, with black fruits, char and power on the nose. The palate is fresh and grippy, with integrated cassis, berry and herb flavors. Dry and lightly herbal on the finish, which is long and solid. A very nice blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Carmenère, Cab Franc and Petit Verdot.', 'Heavy, baked aromas of black plum, berry and rubber are dense and chunky. This is big, grabby and tannic in feel, with grapey flavors of blackberry and earthy tobacco. A minty, round, soft finish is plump and grabby.', "This ripe, black-fruited wine is based mainly on Merlot and Abouriou. Full of juicy flavors with soft tannins, it's rich and ready to drink, and makes a great barbecue wine. END
START HERE Heavy, baked aromas of black plum, berry and rubber are dense and chunky. This is big, grabby and tannic in feel, with grapey flavors of blackberry and earthy tobacco. A minty, round, soft finish is plump and grabby.', "This ripe, black-fruited wine is based mainly on Merlot and Abouriou. Full of juicy flavors with soft tannins, it's rich and ready to drink, and makes a great barbecue wine.", 'Blackberry aromas are outweighed by heavy, creamy, oak-driven scents of chocolate, vanilla and mocha that seem more forced than natural. This is chunky on the palate, with flavors of vanilla and milk chocolate blending with sour plum and berry notes. END
START HERE This ripe, black-fruited wine is based mainly on Merlot and Abouriou. Full of juicy flavors with soft tannins, it's rich and ready to drink, and makes a great barbecue wine.", 'Blackberry aromas are outweighed by heavy, creamy, oak-driven scents of chocolate, vanilla and mocha that seem more forced than natural. This is chunky on the palate, with flavors of vanilla and milk chocolate blending with sour plum and berry notes.', "Sweet berry aromas are a bit warm and herbal, while the palate has good feel and soft, earthy flavors of herbs and generic berry fruit. Light on the finish, with a slight leafy note. Has good mouthfeel and doesn't overdo it. END
START HERE Blackberry aromas are outweighed by heavy, creamy, oak-driven scents of chocolate, vanilla and mocha that seem more forced than natural. This is chunky on the palate, with flavors of vanilla and milk chocolate blending with sour plum and berry notes.', "Sweet berry aromas are a bit warm and herbal, while the palate has good feel and soft, earthy flavors of herbs and generic berry fruit. Light on the finish, with a slight leafy note. Has good mouthfeel and doesn't overdo it.", 'Focused berry aromas are cool and smell slightly rubbery. A medium-bodied, good-quality palate features generic but pleasant plum and berry flavors, while the finish holds steady, with a dash of spice and complexity. END
START HERE Sweet berry aromas are a bit warm and herbal, while the palate has good feel and soft, earthy flavors of herbs and generic berry fruit. Light on the finish, with a slight leafy note. Has good mouthfeel and doesn't overdo it.", 'Focused berry aromas are cool and smell slightly rubbery. A medium-bodied, good-quality palate features generic but pleasant plum and berry flavors, while the finish holds steady, with a dash of spice and complexity.', 'Light aromas of apple and pear lead to broad dry flavors. It delivers easy-drinking appeal. END
START HERE Focused berry aromas are cool and smell slightly rubbery. A medium-bodied, good-quality palate features generic but pleasant plum and berry flavors, while the finish holds steady, with a dash of spice and complexity.', 'Light aromas of apple and pear lead to broad dry flavors. It delivers easy-drinking appeal.', 'Generic red-fruit aromas set up a solid palate. This tastes of roasted plum and berry fruits, while a straightforward finish is grabby in feel and tastes the slightest bit herbal and green. END
START HERE Light aromas of apple and pear lead to broad dry flavors. It delivers easy-drinking appeal.', 'Generic red-fruit aromas set up a solid palate. This tastes of roasted plum and berry fruits, while a straightforward finish is grabby in feel and tastes the slightest bit herbal and green.', "Though labeled as Merlot, this smells more like Syrah which makes up 20% of the blend, with aromas of blue and purple fruit along with whiffs of smoked meat and dried herb. The fruit flavors are sweet and plump, backed by soft, luxurious tannins. It's enjoyable but doesn't seem varietally correct. END
START HERE Generic red-fruit aromas set up a solid palate. This tastes of roasted plum and berry fruits, while a straightforward finish is grabby in feel and tastes the slightest bit herbal and green.', "Though labeled as Merlot, this smells more like Syrah which makes up 20% of the blend, with aromas of blue and purple fruit along with whiffs of smoked meat and dried herb. The fruit flavors are sweet and plump, backed by soft, luxurious tannins. It's enjoyable but doesn't seem varietally correct.", 'Made by Ben Glaetzer, the Heartland wines are meant to offer an affordable entry to the Epicurean portfolio. The Stickleback Red blends Cabernet Sauvignon with Shiraz and Grenache to make an attractive wine for everyday drinking. Some smoky notes frame black cherry and black olive fruit, while the texture is creamy on the midpalate, fading a bit on the finish. END
START HERE Though labeled as Merlot, this smells more like Syrah which makes up 20% of the blend, with aromas of blue and purple fruit along with whiffs of smoked meat and dried herb. The fruit flavors are sweet and plump, backed by soft, luxurious tannins. It's enjoyable but doesn't seem varietally correct.", 'Made by Ben Glaetzer, the Heartland wines are meant to offer an affordable entry to the Epicurean portfolio. The Stickleback Red blends Cabernet Sauvignon with Shiraz and Grenache to make an attractive wine for everyday drinking. Some smoky notes frame black cherry and black olive fruit, while the texture is creamy on the midpalate, fading a bit on the finish.', 'A pretty pale-peach color, this wine is a blend of Syrah (69%), Cinsault (15%), Grenache (9%) and Mourvèdre. Pleasing aromas of wild strawberry and watermelon lead to tart, dry drinking flavors with a mouthwatering, orange-rind-filled finish. END
START HERE Made by Ben Glaetzer, the Heartland wines are meant to offer an affordable entry to the Epicurean portfolio. The Stickleback Red blends Cabernet Sauvignon with Shiraz and Grenache to make an attractive wine for everyday drinking. Some smoky notes frame black cherry and black olive fruit, while the texture is creamy on the midpalate, fading a bit on the finish.', 'A pretty pale-peach color, this wine is a blend of Syrah (69%), Cinsault (15%), Grenache (9%) and Mourvèdre. Pleasing aromas of wild strawberry and watermelon lead to tart, dry drinking flavors with a mouthwatering, orange-rind-filled finish.', 'Minerality and passion fruit aromas control the bouquet. The palate is fresh and zesty, with grapefruit, lime and green apple flavors. Holds its form and tightness on the finish, staying juicy and fresh from front to back. END
START HERE A pretty pale-peach color, this wine is a blend of Syrah (69%), Cinsault (15%), Grenache (9%) and Mourvèdre. Pleasing aromas of wild strawberry and watermelon lead to tart, dry drinking flavors with a mouthwatering, orange-rind-filled finish.', 'Minerality and passion fruit aromas control the bouquet. The palate is fresh and zesty, with grapefruit, lime and green apple flavors. Holds its form and tightness on the finish, staying juicy and fresh from front to back.', 'This is jammy and bulky from the get-go, with heavy fruit aromas leading to a saturated, dense palate that feels thick. Baked, blackened flavors of sweet blackberry, chocolate and mocha mark the palate. END
START HERE Minerality and passion fruit aromas control the bouquet. The palate is fresh and zesty, with grapefruit, lime and green apple flavors. Holds its form and tightness on the finish, staying juicy and fresh from front to back.', 'This is jammy and bulky from the get-go, with heavy fruit aromas leading to a saturated, dense palate that feels thick. Baked, blackened flavors of sweet blackberry, chocolate and mocha mark the palate.', 'Whiffs of smoke and crushed stone lend a mineral edge to this dry, full-bodied Riesling. The palate is fairly straightforward, but crisp and bright, with grapefruit acidity and a swathe of savory herbs that would match well with herb-accented Thai and Vietnamese cuisine. END
START HERE This is jammy and bulky from the get-go, with heavy fruit aromas leading to a saturated, dense palate that feels thick. Baked, blackened flavors of sweet blackberry, chocolate and mocha mark the palate.', 'Whiffs of smoke and crushed stone lend a mineral edge to this dry, full-bodied Riesling. The palate is fairly straightforward, but crisp and bright, with grapefruit acidity and a swathe of savory herbs that would match well with herb-accented Thai and Vietnamese cuisine.', "Flat, dusty aromas of lees and vanilla cookies are rather lifeless. While this is wet and somewhat juicy in feel, it's bland as a whole, with yeasty melon and citrus flavors that finish bready. END
START HERE Whiffs of smoke and crushed stone lend a mineral edge to this dry, full-bodied Riesling. The palate is fairly straightforward, but crisp and bright, with grapefruit acidity and a swathe of savory herbs that would match well with herb-accented Thai and Vietnamese cuisine.', "Flat, dusty aromas of lees and vanilla cookies are rather lifeless. While this is wet and somewhat juicy in feel, it's bland as a whole, with yeasty melon and citrus flavors that finish bready.", 'This characteristic blend of Braucol, Duras, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon is light, soft and fruity with red berry flavors. It is ready to drink with its rounded, smooth aftertaste. Braucol is the local patois name for Fer Servadou. END
START HERE Flat, dusty aromas of lees and vanilla cookies are rather lifeless. While this is wet and somewhat juicy in feel, it's bland as a whole, with yeasty melon and citrus flavors that finish bready.", 'This characteristic blend of Braucol, Duras, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon is light, soft and fruity with red berry flavors. It is ready to drink with its rounded, smooth aftertaste. Braucol is the local patois name for Fer Servadou.', "In a flight of inexpensive Australian Merlot, this wine stood out for its density and concentration. Which is not to say it's a big wine, but it does offer plenty of mixed berry fruit and hints of chocolate in a medium-bodied wine. Picks up some savory olive and coffee notes on the mouthwatering finish. END
START HERE This characteristic blend of Braucol, Duras, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon is light, soft and fruity with red berry flavors. It is ready to drink with its rounded, smooth aftertaste. Braucol is the local patois name for Fer Servadou.', "In a flight of inexpensive Australian Merlot, this wine stood out for its density and concentration. Which is not to say it's a big wine, but it does offer plenty of mixed berry fruit and hints of chocolate in a medium-bodied wine. Picks up some savory olive and coffee notes on the mouthwatering finish.", "This is a Cabernet to serve at parties and satisfy people who are looking for something red, dry and full bodied. It's definitely rustic, but has some nice berry, cherry, currant and spice flavors. END
START HERE In a flight of inexpensive Australian Merlot, this wine stood out for its density and concentration. Which is not to say it's a big wine, but it does offer plenty of mixed berry fruit and hints of chocolate in a medium-bodied wine. Picks up some savory olive and coffee notes on the mouthwatering finish.", "This is a Cabernet to serve at parties and satisfy people who are looking for something red, dry and full bodied. It's definitely rustic, but has some nice berry, cherry, currant and spice flavors.", "Great price for a Cabernet this nice. It's dry, smooth and classic in blackberry and currant flavors, with a deft touch of smoky oak. Just a bit too acidic; a rich steak will help. END
START HERE This is a Cabernet to serve at parties and satisfy people who are looking for something red, dry and full bodied. It's definitely rustic, but has some nice berry, cherry, currant and spice flavors.", "Great price for a Cabernet this nice. It's dry, smooth and classic in blackberry and currant flavors, with a deft touch of smoky oak. Just a bit too acidic; a rich steak will help.", 'This is a young-colored wine that has been wood aged to smooth out the natural fruitiness of the Merlot. That gives the wine a smoky character with juicy acidity balanced by wood and toast flavors. The black plum flavors are rich, full in the mouth with a dry underlay of tannins. Drink from 2017. END
START HERE Great price for a Cabernet this nice. It's dry, smooth and classic in blackberry and currant flavors, with a deft touch of smoky oak. Just a bit too acidic; a rich steak will help.", 'This is a young-colored wine that has been wood aged to smooth out the natural fruitiness of the Merlot. That gives the wine a smoky character with juicy acidity balanced by wood and toast flavors. The black plum flavors are rich, full in the mouth with a dry underlay of tannins. Drink from 2017.', 'The difference between this and the brand new 2016 is obvious: this is maderized but still good. Aromas of orange blossom are floral, but overall this seems low on crispness. Plump on the palate, this tastes of peach and dried melon. A soft finish with a white-pepper character says drink right away. END
START HERE This is a young-colored wine that has been wood aged to smooth out the natural fruitiness of the Merlot. That gives the wine a smoky character with juicy acidity balanced by wood and toast flavors. The black plum flavors are rich, full in the mouth with a dry underlay of tannins. Drink from 2017.', 'The difference between this and the brand new 2016 is obvious: this is maderized but still good. Aromas of orange blossom are floral, but overall this seems low on crispness. Plump on the palate, this tastes of peach and dried melon. A soft finish with a white-pepper character says drink right away.', 'Savory, meaty aromas of leathery berry and spice are attractive and a touch woody. The mouthfeel is muscular and raw, with bright acidity pushing flavors of creamy oak, baked plum, raspberry and blueberry. A juicy, tight finish confirms that this is a very nice Malbec. END
START HERE The difference between this and the brand new 2016 is obvious: this is maderized but still good. Aromas of orange blossom are floral, but overall this seems low on crispness. Plump on the palate, this tastes of peach and dried melon. A soft finish with a white-pepper character says drink right away.', 'Savory, meaty aromas of leathery berry and spice are attractive and a touch woody. The mouthfeel is muscular and raw, with bright acidity pushing flavors of creamy oak, baked plum, raspberry and blueberry. A juicy, tight finish confirms that this is a very nice Malbec.', 'A wonderful creamy texture accompanies ripe cherry and blackberry flavors in this full-bodied, smooth and mellow wine. Rich cherry and cappucino flavors fill the corners of the mouth, mingling with a velvety layer of fine tannins. END
START HERE Savory, meaty aromas of leathery berry and spice are attractive and a touch woody. The mouthfeel is muscular and raw, with bright acidity pushing flavors of creamy oak, baked plum, raspberry and blueberry. A juicy, tight finish confirms that this is a very nice Malbec.', 'A wonderful creamy texture accompanies ripe cherry and blackberry flavors in this full-bodied, smooth and mellow wine. Rich cherry and cappucino flavors fill the corners of the mouth, mingling with a velvety layer of fine tannins.', 'This light-bodied wine has a pale pink Provençal color but quite a bit of fruit flavor. It feels soft on the palate and tastes lightly sweet. END
START HERE A wonderful creamy texture accompanies ripe cherry and blackberry flavors in this full-bodied, smooth and mellow wine. Rich cherry and cappucino flavors fill the corners of the mouth, mingling with a velvety layer of fine tannins.', 'This light-bodied wine has a pale pink Provençal color but quite a bit of fruit flavor. It feels soft on the palate and tastes lightly sweet.', 'This solid, structured wine has black currant fruit, balanced acidity and firm tannins. The wine has a solid texture, a core of dryness and the potential to age 3–4 years. END
START HERE This light-bodied wine has a pale pink Provençal color but quite a bit of fruit flavor. It feels soft on the palate and tastes lightly sweet.', 'This solid, structured wine has black currant fruit, balanced acidity and firm tannins. The wine has a solid texture, a core of dryness and the potential to age 3–4 years.', 'Fresh and crisply fruity, this is a balanced, lively wine. A touch of caramel adds to the tannic edge, giving the wine a good structure along with ripe strawberry fruits. The wine is ready to drink. END
START HERE This solid, structured wine has black currant fruit, balanced acidity and firm tannins. The wine has a solid texture, a core of dryness and the potential to age 3–4 years.', 'Fresh and crisply fruity, this is a balanced, lively wine. A touch of caramel adds to the tannic edge, giving the wine a good structure along with ripe strawberry fruits. The wine is ready to drink.', "A nose of creamy pear and apple aromas carries a citric edge, while citrus leads the palate, with vanilla and resin in support. The feel is round and medium-bodied, with modest oak making itself noticed on the palate and finish. In the end there's more wood than pure fruit. Better than acceptable but that's as far as it goes. END
START HERE Fresh and crisply fruity, this is a balanced, lively wine. A touch of caramel adds to the tannic edge, giving the wine a good structure along with ripe strawberry fruits. The wine is ready to drink.', "A nose of creamy pear and apple aromas carries a citric edge, while citrus leads the palate, with vanilla and resin in support. The feel is round and medium-bodied, with modest oak making itself noticed on the palate and finish. In the end there's more wood than pure fruit. Better than acceptable but that's as far as it goes.", "It's a no-apologies, heavily oaked wine. Even the guy on the label is wearing wooden kegs for pants. The smoked bacon and juicy, grapy aromas lead to very oaky, smoky and jammy flavors on a smooth texture with a touch of sweetness that rounds the edges. END
START HERE A nose of creamy pear and apple aromas carries a citric edge, while citrus leads the palate, with vanilla and resin in support. The feel is round and medium-bodied, with modest oak making itself noticed on the palate and finish. In the end there's more wood than pure fruit. Better than acceptable but that's as far as it goes.", "It's a no-apologies, heavily oaked wine. Even the guy on the label is wearing wooden kegs for pants. The smoked bacon and juicy, grapy aromas lead to very oaky, smoky and jammy flavors on a smooth texture with a touch of sweetness that rounds the edges.", 'Plum aromas meet dried oregano, graphite and bell pepper touches on the nose of this bottling. Light strawberry flavors are accented with an iron-tinged character and more bell pepper on the palate. END
START HERE It's a no-apologies, heavily oaked wine. Even the guy on the label is wearing wooden kegs for pants. The smoked bacon and juicy, grapy aromas lead to very oaky, smoky and jammy flavors on a smooth texture with a touch of sweetness that rounds the edges.", 'Plum aromas meet dried oregano, graphite and bell pepper touches on the nose of this bottling. Light strawberry flavors are accented with an iron-tinged character and more bell pepper on the palate.', 'This smells a bit smoky, tastes ripe and almost sweet and feels smooth, juicy and not too full bodied. It has a tempting cherry syrup flavor, light tannins and welcome acidity to buoy up all the fruit flavors. END
START HERE Plum aromas meet dried oregano, graphite and bell pepper touches on the nose of this bottling. Light strawberry flavors are accented with an iron-tinged character and more bell pepper on the palate.', 'This smells a bit smoky, tastes ripe and almost sweet and feels smooth, juicy and not too full bodied. It has a tempting cherry syrup flavor, light tannins and welcome acidity to buoy up all the fruit flavors.', 'Lots going on for the price in this dry, clean Sauvignon Blanc. It has rich flavors of tart citrus fruits, minerals and white flowers. A very pleasant and versatile white wine. END
START HERE This smells a bit smoky, tastes ripe and almost sweet and feels smooth, juicy and not too full bodied. It has a tempting cherry syrup flavor, light tannins and welcome acidity to buoy up all the fruit flavors.', 'Lots going on for the price in this dry, clean Sauvignon Blanc. It has rich flavors of tart citrus fruits, minerals and white flowers. A very pleasant and versatile white wine.', 'Despite aromas of Band-Aid and rubber, this is predominantly smoky on the nose, with black-fruit scents and asphalt. The palate feels crisp and focused, while plum, berry and cassis flavors fold in herbal notes and a hint of olive. This is textbook value Chilean Cabernet to drink on any occasion. END
START HERE Lots going on for the price in this dry, clean Sauvignon Blanc. It has rich flavors of tart citrus fruits, minerals and white flowers. A very pleasant and versatile white wine.', 'Despite aromas of Band-Aid and rubber, this is predominantly smoky on the nose, with black-fruit scents and asphalt. The palate feels crisp and focused, while plum, berry and cassis flavors fold in herbal notes and a hint of olive. This is textbook value Chilean Cabernet to drink on any occasion.', 'Earthy, lightly stewed aromas of plum and berry set up a lively but pinched and narrow palate with candied flavors of mixed red berry fruits. Additional red-fruit friendliness rolls onto the finish of this pleasant but basic Merlot. END
START HERE Despite aromas of Band-Aid and rubber, this is predominantly smoky on the nose, with black-fruit scents and asphalt. The palate feels crisp and focused, while plum, berry and cassis flavors fold in herbal notes and a hint of olive. This is textbook value Chilean Cabernet to drink on any occasion.', 'Earthy, lightly stewed aromas of plum and berry set up a lively but pinched and narrow palate with candied flavors of mixed red berry fruits. Additional red-fruit friendliness rolls onto the finish of this pleasant but basic Merlot.', 'Stalky aromas suggest corn, while overall this smells flat and sulfuric. Acidity is keeping it going, while flavors of mixed citrus are undefined. On the finish, this is showing signs of fading. END
START HERE Earthy, lightly stewed aromas of plum and berry set up a lively but pinched and narrow palate with candied flavors of mixed red berry fruits. Additional red-fruit friendliness rolls onto the finish of this pleasant but basic Merlot.', 'Stalky aromas suggest corn, while overall this smells flat and sulfuric. Acidity is keeping it going, while flavors of mixed citrus are undefined. On the finish, this is showing signs of fading.', 'Lactic oak and rubbery black fruit aromas lead to a wiry, acidic palate. This is limited in its flavor range, with plum and berry flavors leading the way. An edgy feeling finish with plum and snappy acidity is not too demanding. END
START HERE Stalky aromas suggest corn, while overall this smells flat and sulfuric. Acidity is keeping it going, while flavors of mixed citrus are undefined. On the finish, this is showing signs of fading.', 'Lactic oak and rubbery black fruit aromas lead to a wiry, acidic palate. This is limited in its flavor range, with plum and berry flavors leading the way. An edgy feeling finish with plum and snappy acidity is not too demanding.', 'This medium-bodied wine is very fruity in aroma, and exudes ripe pear and fig flavors. Add in creamy vanilla accents and a very soft texture and the effect is almost sweet. END
START HERE Lactic oak and rubbery black fruit aromas lead to a wiry, acidic palate. This is limited in its flavor range, with plum and berry flavors leading the way. An edgy feeling finish with plum and snappy acidity is not too demanding.', 'This medium-bodied wine is very fruity in aroma, and exudes ripe pear and fig flavors. Add in creamy vanilla accents and a very soft texture and the effect is almost sweet.', "There's a part of this small lush valley, poised between fog and sun, that gives Sauvignon Blanc an extra edge of interest, combining the grape's citrus, weedy character with fatter ones of apricot and honeydew. This is that kind of wine. Thirteen percent Sémillon adds cashew and fig notes, while high acidity keeps things bright and crisp. Nice value, too. END
START HERE This medium-bodied wine is very fruity in aroma, and exudes ripe pear and fig flavors. Add in creamy vanilla accents and a very soft texture and the effect is almost sweet.', "There's a part of this small lush valley, poised between fog and sun, that gives Sauvignon Blanc an extra edge of interest, combining the grape's citrus, weedy character with fatter ones of apricot and honeydew. This is that kind of wine. Thirteen percent Sémillon adds cashew and fig notes, while high acidity keeps things bright and crisp. Nice value, too.", "The color is deeper than usual. Aromas are thick with blackberry and boysenberry, and similarly generous flavors seem to spread out and coat the mouth. Accents of chocolate and vanilla add welcome complexity to this rich-tasting wine that's based on Tempranillo grapes. END
START HERE There's a part of this small lush valley, poised between fog and sun, that gives Sauvignon Blanc an extra edge of interest, combining the grape's citrus, weedy character with fatter ones of apricot and honeydew. This is that kind of wine. Thirteen percent Sémillon adds cashew and fig notes, while high acidity keeps things bright and crisp. Nice value, too.", "The color is deeper than usual. Aromas are thick with blackberry and boysenberry, and similarly generous flavors seem to spread out and coat the mouth. Accents of chocolate and vanilla add welcome complexity to this rich-tasting wine that's based on Tempranillo grapes.", 'Malbec from Marmande, between Cahors and Bordeaux, is softer and smoother than Cahors. It has the same ripe, juicy black fruits, with tannins that are already well integrated into the wine. The finish brings out spice and light acidity. END
START HERE The color is deeper than usual. Aromas are thick with blackberry and boysenberry, and similarly generous flavors seem to spread out and coat the mouth. Accents of chocolate and vanilla add welcome complexity to this rich-tasting wine that's based on Tempranillo grapes.", 'Malbec from Marmande, between Cahors and Bordeaux, is softer and smoother than Cahors. It has the same ripe, juicy black fruits, with tannins that are already well integrated into the wine. The finish brings out spice and light acidity.', 'Rich, savory and seemingly slightly sweet, this Chardonnay has acidity that provides balance to the rich flavors of tangerines, golden mangoes, limes and honey. Drink this with Chinese or Vietnamese fare. END
START HERE Malbec from Marmande, between Cahors and Bordeaux, is softer and smoother than Cahors. It has the same ripe, juicy black fruits, with tannins that are already well integrated into the wine. The finish brings out spice and light acidity.', 'Rich, savory and seemingly slightly sweet, this Chardonnay has acidity that provides balance to the rich flavors of tangerines, golden mangoes, limes and honey. Drink this with Chinese or Vietnamese fare.', 'Narrow aromas of red currant, raspberry and red plum carry a minty green accent. In the mouth, this blend of Tempranillo, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon is tight, with scratchy tannins and no shortage of acidity. Flavors of red berry and plum offer dry spice and herbal shadings. END
START HERE Rich, savory and seemingly slightly sweet, this Chardonnay has acidity that provides balance to the rich flavors of tangerines, golden mangoes, limes and honey. Drink this with Chinese or Vietnamese fare.', 'Narrow aromas of red currant, raspberry and red plum carry a minty green accent. In the mouth, this blend of Tempranillo, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon is tight, with scratchy tannins and no shortage of acidity. Flavors of red berry and plum offer dry spice and herbal shadings.', "Cocoa, plum and vanilla aromas are followed by creamy-feeling blue-fruit flavors that display a mixture of fruit and barrel. The barrel influence is heavy, but it's delicious all the same. END
START HERE Narrow aromas of red currant, raspberry and red plum carry a minty green accent. In the mouth, this blend of Tempranillo, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon is tight, with scratchy tannins and no shortage of acidity. Flavors of red berry and plum offer dry spice and herbal shadings.', "Cocoa, plum and vanilla aromas are followed by creamy-feeling blue-fruit flavors that display a mixture of fruit and barrel. The barrel influence is heavy, but it's delicious all the same.", "Loosen's best Dr. L to date, this is a terrific value, delivering typical Mosel Riesling notes at a great price. Citrus blossom, lime and crushed stone aromas are followed by apple and citrus flavors in this just-slightly-sweet wine. Drink it now and over the next year or so. END
START HERE Cocoa, plum and vanilla aromas are followed by creamy-feeling blue-fruit flavors that display a mixture of fruit and barrel. The barrel influence is heavy, but it's delicious all the same.", "Loosen's best Dr. L to date, this is a terrific value, delivering typical Mosel Riesling notes at a great price. Citrus blossom, lime and crushed stone aromas are followed by apple and citrus flavors in this just-slightly-sweet wine. Drink it now and over the next year or so.", "This blend of 45% Cabernet Sauvignon, 45% Merlot and 10% Syrah was too sweet for this taster. It's full of huge ripe fruit and a lingering aroma of burnt toast. END
START HERE Loosen's best Dr. L to date, this is a terrific value, delivering typical Mosel Riesling notes at a great price. Citrus blossom, lime and crushed stone aromas are followed by apple and citrus flavors in this just-slightly-sweet wine. Drink it now and over the next year or so.", "This blend of 45% Cabernet Sauvignon, 45% Merlot and 10% Syrah was too sweet for this taster. It's full of huge ripe fruit and a lingering aroma of burnt toast.", 'This is saturated, flat and flabby on the nose, with pudgy blackberry aromas. It has a static, jammy mouthfeel, tasting overspiced and heavily oaked. END
START HERE This blend of 45% Cabernet Sauvignon, 45% Merlot and 10% Syrah was too sweet for this taster. It's full of huge ripe fruit and a lingering aroma of burnt toast.", 'This is saturated, flat and flabby on the nose, with pudgy blackberry aromas. It has a static, jammy mouthfeel, tasting overspiced and heavily oaked.', "Smells a little strange, baked and like corn. And as it airs out, it shows a mealy, cider-like side. In the mouth, there's sweet pineapple flavors and then a thin finish. Pithy and not very good considering it hails from Casablanca, the heart of Chilean Chardonnay country. END
START HERE This is saturated, flat and flabby on the nose, with pudgy blackberry aromas. It has a static, jammy mouthfeel, tasting overspiced and heavily oaked.', "Smells a little strange, baked and like corn. And as it airs out, it shows a mealy, cider-like side. In the mouth, there's sweet pineapple flavors and then a thin finish. Pithy and not very good considering it hails from Casablanca, the heart of Chilean Chardonnay country.", "A little sharp and unfocused on the nose, but the palate is simple and juicy, with tangy red-fruit flavors backed by good acidity and solid tannins. Overall it's healthy and ready but sorely missing that one key ingredient: finesse. END
START HERE Smells a little strange, baked and like corn. And as it airs out, it shows a mealy, cider-like side. In the mouth, there's sweet pineapple flavors and then a thin finish. Pithy and not very good considering it hails from Casablanca, the heart of Chilean Chardonnay country.", "A little sharp and unfocused on the nose, but the palate is simple and juicy, with tangy red-fruit flavors backed by good acidity and solid tannins. Overall it's healthy and ready but sorely missing that one key ingredient: finesse.", 'Easy-drinking and straightforward, this approachable Pinot offers bright notes of red cherry, blueberry and strawberry framed by dusty tannins and a softly herbal finish. END
START HERE A little sharp and unfocused on the nose, but the palate is simple and juicy, with tangy red-fruit flavors backed by good acidity and solid tannins. Overall it's healthy and ready but sorely missing that one key ingredient: finesse.", 'Easy-drinking and straightforward, this approachable Pinot offers bright notes of red cherry, blueberry and strawberry framed by dusty tannins and a softly herbal finish.', 'Vivid red-cherry and raspberry flavors and a rather high level of sweetness make this medium-bodied wine seem light and easy. A vanilla accent and soft texture come through on the palate. END
START HERE Easy-drinking and straightforward, this approachable Pinot offers bright notes of red cherry, blueberry and strawberry framed by dusty tannins and a softly herbal finish.', 'Vivid red-cherry and raspberry flavors and a rather high level of sweetness make this medium-bodied wine seem light and easy. A vanilla accent and soft texture come through on the palate.', 'Moderately stalky aromas of tomato and horsey plum lead to berry and plum flavors that are herbal and stalky, much like the nose. A roasted, stalky character is maintained on the finish. END
START HERE Vivid red-cherry and raspberry flavors and a rather high level of sweetness make this medium-bodied wine seem light and easy. A vanilla accent and soft texture come through on the palate.', 'Moderately stalky aromas of tomato and horsey plum lead to berry and plum flavors that are herbal and stalky, much like the nose. A roasted, stalky character is maintained on the finish.', 'Bland, fleshy aromas of corn and apple cider are unconvincing but not overtly negative. This feels plump and heavy, like fruit punch. Flavors of cantaloupe and citrus fruits finish yeasty, with notes of corn and white bread. END
START HERE Moderately stalky aromas of tomato and horsey plum lead to berry and plum flavors that are herbal and stalky, much like the nose. A roasted, stalky character is maintained on the finish.', 'Bland, fleshy aromas of corn and apple cider are unconvincing but not overtly negative. This feels plump and heavy, like fruit punch. Flavors of cantaloupe and citrus fruits finish yeasty, with notes of corn and white bread.', "Leaping Lizard is turning out good value wines that show true varietal character. This Sauvignon Blanc, which doesn't seem to have any oak, shows crisp, bright flavors of pineapples, apricots and spices. It's a bit on the sweet side, but with good balancing acidity. END
START HERE Bland, fleshy aromas of corn and apple cider are unconvincing but not overtly negative. This feels plump and heavy, like fruit punch. Flavors of cantaloupe and citrus fruits finish yeasty, with notes of corn and white bread.', "Leaping Lizard is turning out good value wines that show true varietal character. This Sauvignon Blanc, which doesn't seem to have any oak, shows crisp, bright flavors of pineapples, apricots and spices. It's a bit on the sweet side, but with good balancing acidity.", 'Dry spice, saline and generic red-berry aromas make up the nose on this balanced yet familiar tasting Cabernet. Flavors of candied black plum and berry finish oaky, with cassis notes poking through. Overall this is fruity and fresh in style. END
START HERE Leaping Lizard is turning out good value wines that show true varietal character. This Sauvignon Blanc, which doesn't seem to have any oak, shows crisp, bright flavors of pineapples, apricots and spices. It's a bit on the sweet side, but with good balancing acidity.", 'Dry spice, saline and generic red-berry aromas make up the nose on this balanced yet familiar tasting Cabernet. Flavors of candied black plum and berry finish oaky, with cassis notes poking through. Overall this is fruity and fresh in style.', 'This entry-level wine from Laurou is spicy and fruity. With a layer of tannins as well as attractive acidity, it is a wine to be drunk young. The aftertaste with its hint of licorice continues the spicy character that comes from the Négrette grape in the blend. END
START HERE Dry spice, saline and generic red-berry aromas make up the nose on this balanced yet familiar tasting Cabernet. Flavors of candied black plum and berry finish oaky, with cassis notes poking through. Overall this is fruity and fresh in style.', 'This entry-level wine from Laurou is spicy and fruity. With a layer of tannins as well as attractive acidity, it is a wine to be drunk young. The aftertaste with its hint of licorice continues the spicy character that comes from the Négrette grape in the blend.', 'Crisp, spicy, grassy, citrus aromas are all good. This is acidic and cleansing; zesty flavors of orange and pineapple finish nervy, pithy and a touch bitter. For patio-ready SB, this is ideal. END
START HERE This entry-level wine from Laurou is spicy and fruity. With a layer of tannins as well as attractive acidity, it is a wine to be drunk young. The aftertaste with its hint of licorice continues the spicy character that comes from the Négrette grape in the blend.', 'Crisp, spicy, grassy, citrus aromas are all good. This is acidic and cleansing; zesty flavors of orange and pineapple finish nervy, pithy and a touch bitter. For patio-ready SB, this is ideal.', 'Basic plum aromas are woody and limited. This feels medium to full, with crispness and moderate tannins. Dry woody flavors of plum and currant finish with a freshening blast of lifting acidity. END
START HERE Crisp, spicy, grassy, citrus aromas are all good. This is acidic and cleansing; zesty flavors of orange and pineapple finish nervy, pithy and a touch bitter. For patio-ready SB, this is ideal.', 'Basic plum aromas are woody and limited. This feels medium to full, with crispness and moderate tannins. Dry woody flavors of plum and currant finish with a freshening blast of lifting acidity.', "This ripe, cherry-flavored wine has touches of toasty spice from wood aging. It's smooth and soft, with juicy acidity that offsets its rounded texture. END
START HERE Basic plum aromas are woody and limited. This feels medium to full, with crispness and moderate tannins. Dry woody flavors of plum and currant finish with a freshening blast of lifting acidity.', "This ripe, cherry-flavored wine has touches of toasty spice from wood aging. It's smooth and soft, with juicy acidity that offsets its rounded texture.", 'Flinty at first, then becoming more perfumed, with hints of herbs and berries. This lovely rosé is round and ample in the mouth, delivering a blend of fruit, herb and mineral flavors. Nicely balanced spice notes mark the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE This ripe, cherry-flavored wine has touches of toasty spice from wood aging. It's smooth and soft, with juicy acidity that offsets its rounded texture.", 'Flinty at first, then becoming more perfumed, with hints of herbs and berries. This lovely rosé is round and ample in the mouth, delivering a blend of fruit, herb and mineral flavors. Nicely balanced spice notes mark the finish. Drink now.', 'Balanced and crisply fruity, this refreshing wine has lively acidity and a tangy texture that brings out minerality. Drink now. END
START HERE Flinty at first, then becoming more perfumed, with hints of herbs and berries. This lovely rosé is round and ample in the mouth, delivering a blend of fruit, herb and mineral flavors. Nicely balanced spice notes mark the finish. Drink now.', 'Balanced and crisply fruity, this refreshing wine has lively acidity and a tangy texture that brings out minerality. Drink now.', 'This 100% Pinot Noir rosé is ripe and full of red fruit, with a touch of caramel. It shows an attractive streak of acidity on the finish. END
START HERE Balanced and crisply fruity, this refreshing wine has lively acidity and a tangy texture that brings out minerality. Drink now.', 'This 100% Pinot Noir rosé is ripe and full of red fruit, with a touch of caramel. It shows an attractive streak of acidity on the finish.', 'A wood-polished wine, smoothed by mint, black currant and black plum fruits. It has a core of dry, dense tannins, but the fruit and wood around are accessible, giving a wine that has developed fast, and is certainly ready to drink now. END
START HERE This 100% Pinot Noir rosé is ripe and full of red fruit, with a touch of caramel. It shows an attractive streak of acidity on the finish.', 'A wood-polished wine, smoothed by mint, black currant and black plum fruits. It has a core of dry, dense tannins, but the fruit and wood around are accessible, giving a wine that has developed fast, and is certainly ready to drink now.', 'Fresh and fruity, this balances ripe red fruits with a touch of caramel and light, crisp acidity. It is fragrant and perfumed, and would make an excellent apéritif. END
START HERE A wood-polished wine, smoothed by mint, black currant and black plum fruits. It has a core of dry, dense tannins, but the fruit and wood around are accessible, giving a wine that has developed fast, and is certainly ready to drink now.', 'Fresh and fruity, this balances ripe red fruits with a touch of caramel and light, crisp acidity. It is fragrant and perfumed, and would make an excellent apéritif.', 'A richly fruity wine marked by tropical fruit and spice aromas and flavors, and a rich, creamy texture. Has a slight burn in the mouth from alcohol and spice that calls out for food. END
START HERE Fresh and fruity, this balances ripe red fruits with a touch of caramel and light, crisp acidity. It is fragrant and perfumed, and would make an excellent apéritif.', 'A richly fruity wine marked by tropical fruit and spice aromas and flavors, and a rich, creamy texture. Has a slight burn in the mouth from alcohol and spice that calls out for food.', "Made in a round, soft style, this is an atypically mouthfilling Sauvignon filled with notes of nectarines, honey and ripe citrus. It's a summer crowd-pleaser for the beach crowd. END
START HERE A richly fruity wine marked by tropical fruit and spice aromas and flavors, and a rich, creamy texture. Has a slight burn in the mouth from alcohol and spice that calls out for food.', "Made in a round, soft style, this is an atypically mouthfilling Sauvignon filled with notes of nectarines, honey and ripe citrus. It's a summer crowd-pleaser for the beach crowd.", 'Concentrated blackberry and black currant aromas are ripe and come with a balsamic note. It feels juicy, full, lively and fresh, with oaky dark-plum flavors accented by rooty, herbal notes. Dry tannins mark the finish. END
START HERE Made in a round, soft style, this is an atypically mouthfilling Sauvignon filled with notes of nectarines, honey and ripe citrus. It's a summer crowd-pleaser for the beach crowd.", 'Concentrated blackberry and black currant aromas are ripe and come with a balsamic note. It feels juicy, full, lively and fresh, with oaky dark-plum flavors accented by rooty, herbal notes. Dry tannins mark the finish.', 'Herbal plum and berry aromas turn a bit green and herbaceous with airing. In the mouth, this is modest and regular feeling, with leafy flavors of wintergreen running alongside peppery cherry and berry. A short, herbal finish is the close. END
START HERE Concentrated blackberry and black currant aromas are ripe and come with a balsamic note. It feels juicy, full, lively and fresh, with oaky dark-plum flavors accented by rooty, herbal notes. Dry tannins mark the finish.', 'Herbal plum and berry aromas turn a bit green and herbaceous with airing. In the mouth, this is modest and regular feeling, with leafy flavors of wintergreen running alongside peppery cherry and berry. A short, herbal finish is the close.', 'Brambly, herbaceous notes lend a dark, savory tone to preserved apple and peach flavors in this spätlese. Dusty minerals add some complexity to the mid-palate. END
START HERE Herbal plum and berry aromas turn a bit green and herbaceous with airing. In the mouth, this is modest and regular feeling, with leafy flavors of wintergreen running alongside peppery cherry and berry. A short, herbal finish is the close.', 'Brambly, herbaceous notes lend a dark, savory tone to preserved apple and peach flavors in this spätlese. Dusty minerals add some complexity to the mid-palate.', 'Generous floral and honeylike aromas lead to flavors of Fuji apples and Anjou pears with a rounded, fairly crisp texture. This wine is not typical for the varietal, but is tasty and enjoyable. END
START HERE Brambly, herbaceous notes lend a dark, savory tone to preserved apple and peach flavors in this spätlese. Dusty minerals add some complexity to the mid-palate.', 'Generous floral and honeylike aromas lead to flavors of Fuji apples and Anjou pears with a rounded, fairly crisp texture. This wine is not typical for the varietal, but is tasty and enjoyable.', "This isn't the most complicated Pinot Noir, but it is a clean, easy-drinking wine. With raspberry and cherry flavors wrapped into a silky texture, it will be fine to drink with burgers. END
START HERE Generous floral and honeylike aromas lead to flavors of Fuji apples and Anjou pears with a rounded, fairly crisp texture. This wine is not typical for the varietal, but is tasty and enjoyable.', "This isn't the most complicated Pinot Noir, but it is a clean, easy-drinking wine. With raspberry and cherry flavors wrapped into a silky texture, it will be fine to drink with burgers.", 'Waxy aromas of scented candles and canned pears define the nose. The palate is low on acid and thus tastes soft and remotely of Bartlett pear and peach. Light on the finish; thus it needs to be drunk now. END
START HERE This isn't the most complicated Pinot Noir, but it is a clean, easy-drinking wine. With raspberry and cherry flavors wrapped into a silky texture, it will be fine to drink with burgers.", 'Waxy aromas of scented candles and canned pears define the nose. The palate is low on acid and thus tastes soft and remotely of Bartlett pear and peach. Light on the finish; thus it needs to be drunk now.', 'A bright pink color from the Touriga Nacional in the wine, this shows a fruity, lightly tannic character. It has red fruit notes, soft acidity and a touch of sweetness at the end. END
START HERE Waxy aromas of scented candles and canned pears define the nose. The palate is low on acid and thus tastes soft and remotely of Bartlett pear and peach. Light on the finish; thus it needs to be drunk now.', 'A bright pink color from the Touriga Nacional in the wine, this shows a fruity, lightly tannic character. It has red fruit notes, soft acidity and a touch of sweetness at the end.', "Lush but fine-tuned aromas of lemon skin, pineapple, daffodil and melon are cut by chamomile and mineral tones on the edges of this good-deal wine. It's also well designed on the palate, where butter and oak-smoke flavors meet with chalky minerality, Asian pear flesh and jasmine notes. END
START HERE A bright pink color from the Touriga Nacional in the wine, this shows a fruity, lightly tannic character. It has red fruit notes, soft acidity and a touch of sweetness at the end.', "Lush but fine-tuned aromas of lemon skin, pineapple, daffodil and melon are cut by chamomile and mineral tones on the edges of this good-deal wine. It's also well designed on the palate, where butter and oak-smoke flavors meet with chalky minerality, Asian pear flesh and jasmine notes.", "This is an über-aromatic wine, with appealing notes of white peach, jasmine, honeysuckle and lime. It's lean in style, drinking off dry but balanced by racy acidity that stretches out the finish. END
START HERE Lush but fine-tuned aromas of lemon skin, pineapple, daffodil and melon are cut by chamomile and mineral tones on the edges of this good-deal wine. It's also well designed on the palate, where butter and oak-smoke flavors meet with chalky minerality, Asian pear flesh and jasmine notes.", "This is an über-aromatic wine, with appealing notes of white peach, jasmine, honeysuckle and lime. It's lean in style, drinking off dry but balanced by racy acidity that stretches out the finish.", "Undefined black fruit aromas are average at best, while the cherry fruit is decent but citric. This wine shows too little to warrant much attention; it's brittle but persisent, with thin, cleansing acids throughout. END
START HERE This is an über-aromatic wine, with appealing notes of white peach, jasmine, honeysuckle and lime. It's lean in style, drinking off dry but balanced by racy acidity that stretches out the finish.", "Undefined black fruit aromas are average at best, while the cherry fruit is decent but citric. This wine shows too little to warrant much attention; it's brittle but persisent, with thin, cleansing acids throughout.", 'The complex, seductive nose promises a bit more than the palate delivers. Nonetheless, there is good complexity and a moderately long, if somewhat watery, finish. The slight residual sugar will make this a good choice with drier Asian dishes. Drink now. END
START HERE Undefined black fruit aromas are average at best, while the cherry fruit is decent but citric. This wine shows too little to warrant much attention; it's brittle but persisent, with thin, cleansing acids throughout.", 'The complex, seductive nose promises a bit more than the palate delivers. Nonetheless, there is good complexity and a moderately long, if somewhat watery, finish. The slight residual sugar will make this a good choice with drier Asian dishes. Drink now.', 'This medium-bodied wine climbs several notches up the quality scale from a typical California AVA Chardonnay. It blends ripe pear and butter aromas, pleasing peach and pear flavors, a texture that is soft and easy, and a slightly buttery finish. END
START HERE The complex, seductive nose promises a bit more than the palate delivers. Nonetheless, there is good complexity and a moderately long, if somewhat watery, finish. The slight residual sugar will make this a good choice with drier Asian dishes. Drink now.', 'This medium-bodied wine climbs several notches up the quality scale from a typical California AVA Chardonnay. It blends ripe pear and butter aromas, pleasing peach and pear flavors, a texture that is soft and easy, and a slightly buttery finish.', 'This wine is  dark in color, with just a thin red rim. It smells of ripe blackberries, grilled beef and clove, with flavors as dense as the color. For all its color and flavor intensity and fine-grained tannins, however, it feels smooth and velvety on the tongue and is hard to resist, especially at such a reasonable price. END
START HERE This medium-bodied wine climbs several notches up the quality scale from a typical California AVA Chardonnay. It blends ripe pear and butter aromas, pleasing peach and pear flavors, a texture that is soft and easy, and a slightly buttery finish.', 'This wine is  dark in color, with just a thin red rim. It smells of ripe blackberries, grilled beef and clove, with flavors as dense as the color. For all its color and flavor intensity and fine-grained tannins, however, it feels smooth and velvety on the tongue and is hard to resist, especially at such a reasonable price.', 'Like the D&J; Chardonnay, this is a readily approachable, easy-drinking wine with good varietal character. Cassis fruit dominates, accented by slightly herbal notes suggestive of mint. The tannins are supple, adding an appropriately dusty edge to the finish. Drink now–2012. END
START HERE This wine is  dark in color, with just a thin red rim. It smells of ripe blackberries, grilled beef and clove, with flavors as dense as the color. For all its color and flavor intensity and fine-grained tannins, however, it feels smooth and velvety on the tongue and is hard to resist, especially at such a reasonable price.', 'Like the D&J; Chardonnay, this is a readily approachable, easy-drinking wine with good varietal character. Cassis fruit dominates, accented by slightly herbal notes suggestive of mint. The tannins are supple, adding an appropriately dusty edge to the finish. Drink now–2012.', "This is a blush wine made primarily from the Spanish variety, Tempranillo. It's fairly dark for a rosé and quite full-bodied in cherry jam, pepper and vanilla flavors, while a splash of Albariño adds needed acidity and the bright taste of citrus. END
START HERE Like the D&J; Chardonnay, this is a readily approachable, easy-drinking wine with good varietal character. Cassis fruit dominates, accented by slightly herbal notes suggestive of mint. The tannins are supple, adding an appropriately dusty edge to the finish. Drink now–2012.', "This is a blush wine made primarily from the Spanish variety, Tempranillo. It's fairly dark for a rosé and quite full-bodied in cherry jam, pepper and vanilla flavors, while a splash of Albariño adds needed acidity and the bright taste of citrus.", 'A light, crisp blend of Merlot and Syrah, this is soft and gently fruity. Raspberry and red-currant flavors shine easily through this simple wine. END
START HERE This is a blush wine made primarily from the Spanish variety, Tempranillo. It's fairly dark for a rosé and quite full-bodied in cherry jam, pepper and vanilla flavors, while a splash of Albariño adds needed acidity and the bright taste of citrus.", 'A light, crisp blend of Merlot and Syrah, this is soft and gently fruity. Raspberry and red-currant flavors shine easily through this simple wine.', "A Julia Roberts of a Merlot, pretty and innocent, maybe a little clueless. But who cares? It's fruity, dry, and fun, and even has some layers of complexity. Best of all, it doesn't cost too much. Drink up!. END
START HERE A light, crisp blend of Merlot and Syrah, this is soft and gently fruity. Raspberry and red-currant flavors shine easily through this simple wine.', "A Julia Roberts of a Merlot, pretty and innocent, maybe a little clueless. But who cares? It's fruity, dry, and fun, and even has some layers of complexity. Best of all, it doesn't cost too much. Drink up!", 'This is basic and mild as a whole. The nose blends citrus, apple and fresh bell pepper aromas in front of a zesty, medium-intensity palate with standard citrus flavors including lime and orange. For a refreshing quaff this summer, this more than suffices. END
START HERE A Julia Roberts of a Merlot, pretty and innocent, maybe a little clueless. But who cares? It's fruity, dry, and fun, and even has some layers of complexity. Best of all, it doesn't cost too much. Drink up!", 'This is basic and mild as a whole. The nose blends citrus, apple and fresh bell pepper aromas in front of a zesty, medium-intensity palate with standard citrus flavors including lime and orange. For a refreshing quaff this summer, this more than suffices.', 'A simple bouquet offers light apple and melon aromas, while the palate shows some malic acidity before it softens. Melon, apple and a touch of butter work together to create a mild flavor profile, while this is mellow and short on the finish. END
START HERE This is basic and mild as a whole. The nose blends citrus, apple and fresh bell pepper aromas in front of a zesty, medium-intensity palate with standard citrus flavors including lime and orange. For a refreshing quaff this summer, this more than suffices.', 'A simple bouquet offers light apple and melon aromas, while the palate shows some malic acidity before it softens. Melon, apple and a touch of butter work together to create a mild flavor profile, while this is mellow and short on the finish.', 'A straightforward wine with light notes of red and blue berries along with oak accents. END
START HERE A simple bouquet offers light apple and melon aromas, while the palate shows some malic acidity before it softens. Melon, apple and a touch of butter work together to create a mild flavor profile, while this is mellow and short on the finish.', 'A straightforward wine with light notes of red and blue berries along with oak accents.', 'A blend of Aragonez, Syrah and Touriga Nacional, this is a crisp wine, full of raspberry fruits and a soft texture. It is attractive with its balance of acidity and fruit, and is very ready to drink. END
START HERE A straightforward wine with light notes of red and blue berries along with oak accents.', 'A blend of Aragonez, Syrah and Touriga Nacional, this is a crisp wine, full of raspberry fruits and a soft texture. It is attractive with its balance of acidity and fruit, and is very ready to drink.', 'This medium-bodied wine has aromas that suggest strawberry jam and maple syrup, and equally fruity and ripe flavors. Touches of vanilla and chocolate add a bit of unctuous complexity, and the mouthfeel is velvety. END
START HERE A blend of Aragonez, Syrah and Touriga Nacional, this is a crisp wine, full of raspberry fruits and a soft texture. It is attractive with its balance of acidity and fruit, and is very ready to drink.', 'This medium-bodied wine has aromas that suggest strawberry jam and maple syrup, and equally fruity and ripe flavors. Touches of vanilla and chocolate add a bit of unctuous complexity, and the mouthfeel is velvety.', 'This Syrah is heavy and minty, with plastic aromas. The palate is chunky and citrusy in feel, with little body. Flavors of clove, mint and berry lead to a resiny, almost fruitless finish. END
START HERE This medium-bodied wine has aromas that suggest strawberry jam and maple syrup, and equally fruity and ripe flavors. Touches of vanilla and chocolate add a bit of unctuous complexity, and the mouthfeel is velvety.', 'This Syrah is heavy and minty, with plastic aromas. The palate is chunky and citrusy in feel, with little body. Flavors of clove, mint and berry lead to a resiny, almost fruitless finish.', 'Tannins predominate over fruit in this closed and tight wine. It should soften a little with time, so look for its red cherry fruit from the end of 2017. END
START HERE This Syrah is heavy and minty, with plastic aromas. The palate is chunky and citrusy in feel, with little body. Flavors of clove, mint and berry lead to a resiny, almost fruitless finish.', 'Tannins predominate over fruit in this closed and tight wine. It should soften a little with time, so look for its red cherry fruit from the end of 2017.', 'Passion fruit, lime and feline aromas give the bouquet crispness and varietal snap. The palate is tangy, lean and somewhat dilute, with pithy grapefruit, lime and tarragon flavors. The finish shows modest cut but regular, weakly defined flavors. END
START HERE Tannins predominate over fruit in this closed and tight wine. It should soften a little with time, so look for its red cherry fruit from the end of 2017.', 'Passion fruit, lime and feline aromas give the bouquet crispness and varietal snap. The palate is tangy, lean and somewhat dilute, with pithy grapefruit, lime and tarragon flavors. The finish shows modest cut but regular, weakly defined flavors.', "Don't be fooled by this wine. Although it looks like a typical dry Provence rosé, it's medium sweet. With Black Muscat in the blend, it's soft and perfumed, its sweetness balanced by acidity. END
START HERE Passion fruit, lime and feline aromas give the bouquet crispness and varietal snap. The palate is tangy, lean and somewhat dilute, with pithy grapefruit, lime and tarragon flavors. The finish shows modest cut but regular, weakly defined flavors.', "Don't be fooled by this wine. Although it looks like a typical dry Provence rosé, it's medium sweet. With Black Muscat in the blend, it's soft and perfumed, its sweetness balanced by acidity.", "Here's an easy Sangiovese-based wine (with a small percent of Petit Verdot for extra darkness and color) that would pair wonderfully with stay-home pizza or pasta. The wine offers bright berry nuances of cherry and raspberry and a touch of distant spice and smoke on the fade. END
START HERE Don't be fooled by this wine. Although it looks like a typical dry Provence rosé, it's medium sweet. With Black Muscat in the blend, it's soft and perfumed, its sweetness balanced by acidity.", "Here's an easy Sangiovese-based wine (with a small percent of Petit Verdot for extra darkness and color) that would pair wonderfully with stay-home pizza or pasta. The wine offers bright berry nuances of cherry and raspberry and a touch of distant spice and smoke on the fade.", "Basic aromas of spiced plum, cassis and black cherry set up a similar set of flavors, while the feel is pure, clean and easygoing. This is a no-nonsense, familiar type of mass-market Cabernet. It's generic in its approach and it doesn't vary much along the way. END
START HERE Here's an easy Sangiovese-based wine (with a small percent of Petit Verdot for extra darkness and color) that would pair wonderfully with stay-home pizza or pasta. The wine offers bright berry nuances of cherry and raspberry and a touch of distant spice and smoke on the fade.", "Basic aromas of spiced plum, cassis and black cherry set up a similar set of flavors, while the feel is pure, clean and easygoing. This is a no-nonsense, familiar type of mass-market Cabernet. It's generic in its approach and it doesn't vary much along the way.", "elon and peach aromas create a bouquet that's nondescript. This feels solid in the mouth, with acidic cut. Flavors of nectarine run sweet, while the finish takes on a cloying feel as it delivers thick melon and peach flavors. Drink now or wait for the 2013 vintage. END
START HERE Basic aromas of spiced plum, cassis and black cherry set up a similar set of flavors, while the feel is pure, clean and easygoing. This is a no-nonsense, familiar type of mass-market Cabernet. It's generic in its approach and it doesn't vary much along the way.", "elon and peach aromas create a bouquet that's nondescript. This feels solid in the mouth, with acidic cut. Flavors of nectarine run sweet, while the finish takes on a cloying feel as it delivers thick melon and peach flavors. Drink now or wait for the 2013 vintage.", 'This is spicy, dry and woody on the nose, with blackberry aromas. The body is medium in size, with adequate balance and herbal flavors mixed with saline and berry fruits. A warm, oaky, saucy tasting finish shows a hint of green. END
START HERE elon and peach aromas create a bouquet that's nondescript. This feels solid in the mouth, with acidic cut. Flavors of nectarine run sweet, while the finish takes on a cloying feel as it delivers thick melon and peach flavors. Drink now or wait for the 2013 vintage.", 'This is spicy, dry and woody on the nose, with blackberry aromas. The body is medium in size, with adequate balance and herbal flavors mixed with saline and berry fruits. A warm, oaky, saucy tasting finish shows a hint of green.', 'A simple Pinot Noir, this is dry and crisp in acidity, with cherry pie, mint and cola flavors. END
START HERE This is spicy, dry and woody on the nose, with blackberry aromas. The body is medium in size, with adequate balance and herbal flavors mixed with saline and berry fruits. A warm, oaky, saucy tasting finish shows a hint of green.', 'A simple Pinot Noir, this is dry and crisp in acidity, with cherry pie, mint and cola flavors.', "Blossomy floral and bramble notes accent ripe black currant and raspberry flavors in this zesty blend of Dornfelder, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. It's plush and velvety in mouthfeel and maintains intensity through a moderately long finish. Drink now through 2018. END
START HERE A simple Pinot Noir, this is dry and crisp in acidity, with cherry pie, mint and cola flavors.', "Blossomy floral and bramble notes accent ripe black currant and raspberry flavors in this zesty blend of Dornfelder, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. It's plush and velvety in mouthfeel and maintains intensity through a moderately long finish. Drink now through 2018.", 'This red-currant and red-berry flavored wine is bright and fruity. It does have some wood-aging flavors that add spice and a dry edge. The juicy acidity at the end keeps it all fresh. END
START HERE Blossomy floral and bramble notes accent ripe black currant and raspberry flavors in this zesty blend of Dornfelder, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. It's plush and velvety in mouthfeel and maintains intensity through a moderately long finish. Drink now through 2018.", 'This red-currant and red-berry flavored wine is bright and fruity. It does have some wood-aging flavors that add spice and a dry edge. The juicy acidity at the end keeps it all fresh.', 'his off-dry wine has a sugary touch with flavors of ripe apricots, oranges and peaches, along with the acidity and petrol notes that Riesling is famous for. END
START HERE This red-currant and red-berry flavored wine is bright and fruity. It does have some wood-aging flavors that add spice and a dry edge. The juicy acidity at the end keeps it all fresh.', 'his off-dry wine has a sugary touch with flavors of ripe apricots, oranges and peaches, along with the acidity and petrol notes that Riesling is famous for.', 'Powerful but well cut and elegant. The nose is hardly bashful and hits with a mix of fresh greens, bright citrus and minerality. Healthy in the mouth, with blazing acidity, grapefruit and lasting green notes. The epitome of a zesty white wine. END
START HERE his off-dry wine has a sugary touch with flavors of ripe apricots, oranges and peaches, along with the acidity and petrol notes that Riesling is famous for.', 'Powerful but well cut and elegant. The nose is hardly bashful and hits with a mix of fresh greens, bright citrus and minerality. Healthy in the mouth, with blazing acidity, grapefruit and lasting green notes. The epitome of a zesty white wine.', "Rubbery, plastic-like aromas of black fruits come with a burnt, smoky edge. There's grip and acidity on the palate, but the mouthfeel is jumbled, and the wine's flavors come across like wiry plum mixed with herb. It finishes hard, candied and herbal. END
START HERE Powerful but well cut and elegant. The nose is hardly bashful and hits with a mix of fresh greens, bright citrus and minerality. Healthy in the mouth, with blazing acidity, grapefruit and lasting green notes. The epitome of a zesty white wine.', "Rubbery, plastic-like aromas of black fruits come with a burnt, smoky edge. There's grip and acidity on the palate, but the mouthfeel is jumbled, and the wine's flavors come across like wiry plum mixed with herb. It finishes hard, candied and herbal.", "Sweet and tart, like a fruit juice drink you buy in the supermarket that's a blend of pineapples, peaches and mangoes, with a kick from alcohol. Simple, but this is a good price for a wine that will please many Chard fans. END
START HERE Rubbery, plastic-like aromas of black fruits come with a burnt, smoky edge. There's grip and acidity on the palate, but the mouthfeel is jumbled, and the wine's flavors come across like wiry plum mixed with herb. It finishes hard, candied and herbal.", "Sweet and tart, like a fruit juice drink you buy in the supermarket that's a blend of pineapples, peaches and mangoes, with a kick from alcohol. Simple, but this is a good price for a wine that will please many Chard fans.", 'This is very soft and lacking in definition, with a light texture. However, it does have a crisp apple flavor and a line of acidity that gives freshness. END
START HERE Sweet and tart, like a fruit juice drink you buy in the supermarket that's a blend of pineapples, peaches and mangoes, with a kick from alcohol. Simple, but this is a good price for a wine that will please many Chard fans.", 'This is very soft and lacking in definition, with a light texture. However, it does have a crisp apple flavor and a line of acidity that gives freshness.', 'Earthen notes of bramble and dried sage accent sweet apple, lime and lemon in this zesty spätlese. Its crisp citrus flavors are nervy and spry, but delicate in concentration and length. END
START HERE This is very soft and lacking in definition, with a light texture. However, it does have a crisp apple flavor and a line of acidity that gives freshness.', 'Earthen notes of bramble and dried sage accent sweet apple, lime and lemon in this zesty spätlese. Its crisp citrus flavors are nervy and spry, but delicate in concentration and length.', "Quiet on the nose and 100% inoffensive. The palate hints at bell pepper and green bean while also dealing ample pineapple and citrus. Turns a little tart and lean on the back end, but that frames the wine's freshness, zest and energy. Another good Sauvignon Blanc from Chile that's made to drink now. END
START HERE Earthen notes of bramble and dried sage accent sweet apple, lime and lemon in this zesty spätlese. Its crisp citrus flavors are nervy and spry, but delicate in concentration and length.', "Quiet on the nose and 100% inoffensive. The palate hints at bell pepper and green bean while also dealing ample pineapple and citrus. Turns a little tart and lean on the back end, but that frames the wine's freshness, zest and energy. Another good Sauvignon Blanc from Chile that's made to drink now.", "The nose is demure on this brisk semi-dry Riesling, but the palate is ripe with sweet yellow peach and damson plum flavors. There's a dusty undertone throughout, but crisp lemon acidity makes it refreshing to the finish. END
START HERE Quiet on the nose and 100% inoffensive. The palate hints at bell pepper and green bean while also dealing ample pineapple and citrus. Turns a little tart and lean on the back end, but that frames the wine's freshness, zest and energy. Another good Sauvignon Blanc from Chile that's made to drink now.", "The nose is demure on this brisk semi-dry Riesling, but the palate is ripe with sweet yellow peach and damson plum flavors. There's a dusty undertone throughout, but crisp lemon acidity makes it refreshing to the finish.", "Dried herbs, lots of spice and some black raspberry carry the bouquet. Fruit is front and center; the palate is all cherry and black pepper, and the finish brings more red fruit and firm tannins. It's mostly a one-song act, meaning it's clean, spicy and adequately fruity. END
START HERE The nose is demure on this brisk semi-dry Riesling, but the palate is ripe with sweet yellow peach and damson plum flavors. There's a dusty undertone throughout, but crisp lemon acidity makes it refreshing to the finish.", "Dried herbs, lots of spice and some black raspberry carry the bouquet. Fruit is front and center; the palate is all cherry and black pepper, and the finish brings more red fruit and firm tannins. It's mostly a one-song act, meaning it's clean, spicy and adequately fruity.", 'Lusty and rustic, this dry red blend has minty, peppery flavors of black cherries, briary berries and tobacco. END
START HERE Dried herbs, lots of spice and some black raspberry carry the bouquet. Fruit is front and center; the palate is all cherry and black pepper, and the finish brings more red fruit and firm tannins. It's mostly a one-song act, meaning it's clean, spicy and adequately fruity.", 'Lusty and rustic, this dry red blend has minty, peppery flavors of black cherries, briary berries and tobacco.', "Aromatically inviting, with notes of fresh apple, honeydew and white blossoms, this Chardonnay is a bit confected on the palate from candied, overripe flavors of apples and quince. It's a shade off-dry in style with soft, lemony acidity. END
START HERE Lusty and rustic, this dry red blend has minty, peppery flavors of black cherries, briary berries and tobacco.', "Aromatically inviting, with notes of fresh apple, honeydew and white blossoms, this Chardonnay is a bit confected on the palate from candied, overripe flavors of apples and quince. It's a shade off-dry in style with soft, lemony acidity.", "Though it's barrel fermented, this is a thin, hard-edged wine with green and slightly stemmy flavors only partially masked by the buttery barrel notes. END
START HERE Aromatically inviting, with notes of fresh apple, honeydew and white blossoms, this Chardonnay is a bit confected on the palate from candied, overripe flavors of apples and quince. It's a shade off-dry in style with soft, lemony acidity.", "Though it's barrel fermented, this is a thin, hard-edged wine with green and slightly stemmy flavors only partially masked by the buttery barrel notes.", 'A hint of initial sulfur blows off almost completely to leave fresh aromas of stone fruit, melon and honey. This Chardonnay has good natural structure and offers fruit flavors. END
START HERE Though it's barrel fermented, this is a thin, hard-edged wine with green and slightly stemmy flavors only partially masked by the buttery barrel notes.", 'A hint of initial sulfur blows off almost completely to leave fresh aromas of stone fruit, melon and honey. This Chardonnay has good natural structure and offers fruit flavors.', 'Harsh, with rough tannins and sweet and sour cherry flavors. END
START HERE A hint of initial sulfur blows off almost completely to leave fresh aromas of stone fruit, melon and honey. This Chardonnay has good natural structure and offers fruit flavors.', 'Harsh, with rough tannins and sweet and sour cherry flavors.', "Jammy aromas and equally ripe sweet fruit flavors give this wine a candied character. It's full-bodied and feels a little warm on the finish. END
START HERE Harsh, with rough tannins and sweet and sour cherry flavors.', "Jammy aromas and equally ripe sweet fruit flavors give this wine a candied character. It's full-bodied and feels a little warm on the finish.", 'This is a soft wine that has plenty of red-berry fruits, bright acidity and a light fruity texture. It is dry although the softness gives it an apparent sweetness. Drink now. END
START HERE Jammy aromas and equally ripe sweet fruit flavors give this wine a candied character. It's full-bodied and feels a little warm on the finish.", 'This is a soft wine that has plenty of red-berry fruits, bright acidity and a light fruity texture. It is dry although the softness gives it an apparent sweetness. Drink now.', 'Smashberry is the perfect name for this wine. Made from an unstated blend of grape varieties, it tastes like mashed, ripe blackberries, blueberries and cherries. The alcohol level is moderate, but gives the wine a pleasant warmth. END
START HERE This is a soft wine that has plenty of red-berry fruits, bright acidity and a light fruity texture. It is dry although the softness gives it an apparent sweetness. Drink now.', 'Smashberry is the perfect name for this wine. Made from an unstated blend of grape varieties, it tastes like mashed, ripe blackberries, blueberries and cherries. The alcohol level is moderate, but gives the wine a pleasant warmth.', 'This is a soft rosé with ripe strawberry fruits and light acidity. A Bordeaux-style blend of the two Cabernets and a dominance of Merlot has produced a caramel and fruit-flavored wine that is ready to drink. END
START HERE Smashberry is the perfect name for this wine. Made from an unstated blend of grape varieties, it tastes like mashed, ripe blackberries, blueberries and cherries. The alcohol level is moderate, but gives the wine a pleasant warmth.', 'This is a soft rosé with ripe strawberry fruits and light acidity. A Bordeaux-style blend of the two Cabernets and a dominance of Merlot has produced a caramel and fruit-flavored wine that is ready to drink.', "This rich, ripe and generous wine is full of blackberry fruit and tannin. It's powerful, with a solid structure and fine fruitiness. As a result, it has good aging potential, so drink from 2020. END
START HERE This is a soft rosé with ripe strawberry fruits and light acidity. A Bordeaux-style blend of the two Cabernets and a dominance of Merlot has produced a caramel and fruit-flavored wine that is ready to drink.', "This rich, ripe and generous wine is full of blackberry fruit and tannin. It's powerful, with a solid structure and fine fruitiness. As a result, it has good aging potential, so drink from 2020.", 'Another winner from Castle Rock, this is a lovely Merlot, pure and true, with a luscious core of soft, sweet cherry candy fruit. Medium weight, excellent balance, exceptional clarity and freshness for the price. END
START HERE This rich, ripe and generous wine is full of blackberry fruit and tannin. It's powerful, with a solid structure and fine fruitiness. As a result, it has good aging potential, so drink from 2020.", 'Another winner from Castle Rock, this is a lovely Merlot, pure and true, with a luscious core of soft, sweet cherry candy fruit. Medium weight, excellent balance, exceptional clarity and freshness for the price.', 'This dry rosé is made, as are most of the wines from this producer, from Merlot. It gives a soft, smooth and lightly caramel flavored wine though with plenty of acidity to keep it crisp. Drink this wine now. END
START HERE Another winner from Castle Rock, this is a lovely Merlot, pure and true, with a luscious core of soft, sweet cherry candy fruit. Medium weight, excellent balance, exceptional clarity and freshness for the price.', 'This dry rosé is made, as are most of the wines from this producer, from Merlot. It gives a soft, smooth and lightly caramel flavored wine though with plenty of acidity to keep it crisp. Drink this wine now.', 'A whiff of charred wood and pencil lead adds a little complexity to this otherwise straightforward, fruity and rather soft-textured wine. It is medium bodied, and the cherry and berry flavors seem to sweeten on the finish. END
START HERE This dry rosé is made, as are most of the wines from this producer, from Merlot. It gives a soft, smooth and lightly caramel flavored wine though with plenty of acidity to keep it crisp. Drink this wine now.', 'A whiff of charred wood and pencil lead adds a little complexity to this otherwise straightforward, fruity and rather soft-textured wine. It is medium bodied, and the cherry and berry flavors seem to sweeten on the finish.', 'Dark and full-bodied for a rosé, with heavy-handed flavors of raspberry jam and toast that have a vegetal edge. END
START HERE A whiff of charred wood and pencil lead adds a little complexity to this otherwise straightforward, fruity and rather soft-textured wine. It is medium bodied, and the cherry and berry flavors seem to sweeten on the finish.', 'Dark and full-bodied for a rosé, with heavy-handed flavors of raspberry jam and toast that have a vegetal edge.', 'This lightweight wine combines herbal notes reminiscent of tomato and celery leaves with hints of white grapefruit. Finishes just a bit short, with vaguely peppery notes. END
START HERE Dark and full-bodied for a rosé, with heavy-handed flavors of raspberry jam and toast that have a vegetal edge.', 'This lightweight wine combines herbal notes reminiscent of tomato and celery leaves with hints of white grapefruit. Finishes just a bit short, with vaguely peppery notes.', 'At only $12 per bottle, this is a solid value. The aromas are slightly dusty, like dried rose petal, while the flavors suggest mixed berries and dry earth, with a hint of black tea on the finish. Tannins are silky. Drink now. END
START HERE This lightweight wine combines herbal notes reminiscent of tomato and celery leaves with hints of white grapefruit. Finishes just a bit short, with vaguely peppery notes.', 'At only $12 per bottle, this is a solid value. The aromas are slightly dusty, like dried rose petal, while the flavors suggest mixed berries and dry earth, with a hint of black tea on the finish. Tannins are silky. Drink now.', 'This wine is crisp and refreshingly fruity. With red currant and bright spicy acidity, it is lively, just hinting at a tannic edge. It finishes with a burst of raspberries. END
START HERE At only $12 per bottle, this is a solid value. The aromas are slightly dusty, like dried rose petal, while the flavors suggest mixed berries and dry earth, with a hint of black tea on the finish. Tannins are silky. Drink now.', 'This wine is crisp and refreshingly fruity. With red currant and bright spicy acidity, it is lively, just hinting at a tannic edge. It finishes with a burst of raspberries.', "Dusty, lightly woody aromas are smooth and easy to like. Peachy in feel, with moderate acidity, this tastes of peach and papaya in front of a melony, ripe finish that's a bit soft, so drink now. END
START HERE This wine is crisp and refreshingly fruity. With red currant and bright spicy acidity, it is lively, just hinting at a tannic edge. It finishes with a burst of raspberries.', "Dusty, lightly woody aromas are smooth and easy to like. Peachy in feel, with moderate acidity, this tastes of peach and papaya in front of a melony, ripe finish that's a bit soft, so drink now.", 'This light, cool-climate Pinot Noir is crisp with red currant fruit and herbal-tinged acidity. It has a zesty character that keeps it lively and tight. Drink now. END
START HERE Dusty, lightly woody aromas are smooth and easy to like. Peachy in feel, with moderate acidity, this tastes of peach and papaya in front of a melony, ripe finish that's a bit soft, so drink now.", 'This light, cool-climate Pinot Noir is crisp with red currant fruit and herbal-tinged acidity. It has a zesty character that keeps it lively and tight. Drink now.', 'With saucy, herbal, briny aromas and a short, limited but fresh palate, this qualifies as a light, cool-climate Pinot Noir. Salty, briny red-plum flavors finish with citric tang and a note of sea foam. END
START HERE This light, cool-climate Pinot Noir is crisp with red currant fruit and herbal-tinged acidity. It has a zesty character that keeps it lively and tight. Drink now.', 'With saucy, herbal, briny aromas and a short, limited but fresh palate, this qualifies as a light, cool-climate Pinot Noir. Salty, briny red-plum flavors finish with citric tang and a note of sea foam.', 'Intensely tropical on the nose and palate, this off-dry Riesling shines with notes of juicy melon, papaya and peach candy, with a hint of white, waxy flower for extra flair. Brisk acidity keeps all that fruity sweetness in check, leading to a sleek, steely finish. END
START HERE With saucy, herbal, briny aromas and a short, limited but fresh palate, this qualifies as a light, cool-climate Pinot Noir. Salty, briny red-plum flavors finish with citric tang and a note of sea foam.', 'Intensely tropical on the nose and palate, this off-dry Riesling shines with notes of juicy melon, papaya and peach candy, with a hint of white, waxy flower for extra flair. Brisk acidity keeps all that fruity sweetness in check, leading to a sleek, steely finish.', "Sweet and easygoing from the start, with candied berry and floral aromas. The palate sits at maximum ripeness, meaning it's sweet and soft but still holds its balance. Flavors of baked berry and brown sugar are generous and smooth, while the finish is mellow and lush. END
START HERE Intensely tropical on the nose and palate, this off-dry Riesling shines with notes of juicy melon, papaya and peach candy, with a hint of white, waxy flower for extra flair. Brisk acidity keeps all that fruity sweetness in check, leading to a sleek, steely finish.', "Sweet and easygoing from the start, with candied berry and floral aromas. The palate sits at maximum ripeness, meaning it's sweet and soft but still holds its balance. Flavors of baked berry and brown sugar are generous and smooth, while the finish is mellow and lush.", 'This is a powerful, full-bodied and tannic wine with a lot of grip in the texture, very firm tannins and decent concentration. It smells and tastes smoky, backed by some tart blackberry flavors. END
START HERE Sweet and easygoing from the start, with candied berry and floral aromas. The palate sits at maximum ripeness, meaning it's sweet and soft but still holds its balance. Flavors of baked berry and brown sugar are generous and smooth, while the finish is mellow and lush.", 'This is a powerful, full-bodied and tannic wine with a lot of grip in the texture, very firm tannins and decent concentration. It smells and tastes smoky, backed by some tart blackberry flavors.', 'Rounded, rich and tropical notions of mango and passion fruit dominate the nose. The palate is more restrained and focuses on zesty, citrusy freshness. A total winner where refreshment is concerned: easy, fresh and zippy. END
START HERE This is a powerful, full-bodied and tannic wine with a lot of grip in the texture, very firm tannins and decent concentration. It smells and tastes smoky, backed by some tart blackberry flavors.', 'Rounded, rich and tropical notions of mango and passion fruit dominate the nose. The palate is more restrained and focuses on zesty, citrusy freshness. A total winner where refreshment is concerned: easy, fresh and zippy.', 'Lightly spicy raspberry aromas are raw and peppery. This feels fleshy and pulpy, with punchy acidity. Peppery berry flavors are boosted by toasty oak that carries over to a mildly hot finish. END
START HERE Rounded, rich and tropical notions of mango and passion fruit dominate the nose. The palate is more restrained and focuses on zesty, citrusy freshness. A total winner where refreshment is concerned: easy, fresh and zippy.', 'Lightly spicy raspberry aromas are raw and peppery. This feels fleshy and pulpy, with punchy acidity. Peppery berry flavors are boosted by toasty oak that carries over to a mildly hot finish.', 'This is perfect for lovers of light, herbaceous Sauvignon Blanc. All the grassy and citrus flavors are here, attractively crisp while not aggressive. Drink this year. Screwcap. END
START HERE Lightly spicy raspberry aromas are raw and peppery. This feels fleshy and pulpy, with punchy acidity. Peppery berry flavors are boosted by toasty oak that carries over to a mildly hot finish.', 'This is perfect for lovers of light, herbaceous Sauvignon Blanc. All the grassy and citrus flavors are here, attractively crisp while not aggressive. Drink this year. Screwcap.', 'Opens with a foxy, jumpy, jammy set of aromas. The palate is also jammy and amorphous, with candied berry flavors and a drab, tangy, almost peppery finish. END
START HERE This is perfect for lovers of light, herbaceous Sauvignon Blanc. All the grassy and citrus flavors are here, attractively crisp while not aggressive. Drink this year. Screwcap.', 'Opens with a foxy, jumpy, jammy set of aromas. The palate is also jammy and amorphous, with candied berry flavors and a drab, tangy, almost peppery finish.', 'The melon and apple aromas are slightly dull but harmless. It feels decent, with orange and green-herb flavors. The finish is citric and green. END
START HERE Opens with a foxy, jumpy, jammy set of aromas. The palate is also jammy and amorphous, with candied berry flavors and a drab, tangy, almost peppery finish.', 'The melon and apple aromas are slightly dull but harmless. It feels decent, with orange and green-herb flavors. The finish is citric and green.', "Aromas of red apple and spice lead to rounded fruit flavors that provide easy-drinking appeal. It's a well-priced spot-on example of the variety. END
START HERE The melon and apple aromas are slightly dull but harmless. It feels decent, with orange and green-herb flavors. The finish is citric and green.', "Aromas of red apple and spice lead to rounded fruit flavors that provide easy-drinking appeal. It's a well-priced spot-on example of the variety.", 'Raisiny aromas lack freshness and lift. Following that lead, this Cabernet feels stewy and heavy, with questionable balance. Herbal flavors of stewed plum and tomato finish chunky and choppy. END
START HERE Aromas of red apple and spice lead to rounded fruit flavors that provide easy-drinking appeal. It's a well-priced spot-on example of the variety.", 'Raisiny aromas lack freshness and lift. Following that lead, this Cabernet feels stewy and heavy, with questionable balance. Herbal flavors of stewed plum and tomato finish chunky and choppy.', "Floral berry and plum aromas are also saucy and oaky, and thus discordant. A wobbly tannic palate with green herbal oaky blueberry flavors tastes grassy on the finish. If you know Casarena's wines, this fits the mold. END
START HERE Raisiny aromas lack freshness and lift. Following that lead, this Cabernet feels stewy and heavy, with questionable balance. Herbal flavors of stewed plum and tomato finish chunky and choppy.', "Floral berry and plum aromas are also saucy and oaky, and thus discordant. A wobbly tannic palate with green herbal oaky blueberry flavors tastes grassy on the finish. If you know Casarena's wines, this fits the mold.", "A simple Merlot that's priced fairly and is a little tannic at first, the fruit acting shy, but that opens into a fine Merlot that would go well with rich red meat. . END
START HERE Floral berry and plum aromas are also saucy and oaky, and thus discordant. A wobbly tannic palate with green herbal oaky blueberry flavors tastes grassy on the finish. If you know Casarena's wines, this fits the mold.", "A simple Merlot that's priced fairly and is a little tannic at first, the fruit acting shy, but that opens into a fine Merlot that would go well with rich red meat. .", "The sunshine of the Languedoc comes through in this wine's warm, soft fruit. A touch of acidity and a backdrop of tannins give it contrast and a fine, ready-to-drink character. END
START HERE A simple Merlot that's priced fairly and is a little tannic at first, the fruit acting shy, but that opens into a fine Merlot that would go well with rich red meat. .", "The sunshine of the Languedoc comes through in this wine's warm, soft fruit. A touch of acidity and a backdrop of tannins give it contrast and a fine, ready-to-drink character.", 'Flavorful and smooth in texture, this wine smells almost floral, with fruity and spicy notes like cloves. Full of ripe plum and raisin flavors, it has full body and a broad, soft feeling in the mouth. END
START HERE The sunshine of the Languedoc comes through in this wine's warm, soft fruit. A touch of acidity and a backdrop of tannins give it contrast and a fine, ready-to-drink character.", 'Flavorful and smooth in texture, this wine smells almost floral, with fruity and spicy notes like cloves. Full of ripe plum and raisin flavors, it has full body and a broad, soft feeling in the mouth.', 'Bold and spicy, this dry wine is saturated with toasty oak and vanilla flavors over plum and prune. Made from mostly Petite Sirah and Syrah, it has medium body and a smooth texture. END
START HERE Flavorful and smooth in texture, this wine smells almost floral, with fruity and spicy notes like cloves. Full of ripe plum and raisin flavors, it has full body and a broad, soft feeling in the mouth.', 'Bold and spicy, this dry wine is saturated with toasty oak and vanilla flavors over plum and prune. Made from mostly Petite Sirah and Syrah, it has medium body and a smooth texture.', 'A bit of charred wood and black pepper in the aroma give way to lush berry and cherry flavors that spread across the palate and cling to the sides of the mouth. This wine is lightly oaky and has an attractive richness that lasts on the finish. END
START HERE Bold and spicy, this dry wine is saturated with toasty oak and vanilla flavors over plum and prune. Made from mostly Petite Sirah and Syrah, it has medium body and a smooth texture.', 'A bit of charred wood and black pepper in the aroma give way to lush berry and cherry flavors that spread across the palate and cling to the sides of the mouth. This wine is lightly oaky and has an attractive richness that lasts on the finish.', 'This Malbec opens with a blast of raw woodgrain, a lactic smell, leather and finally some black fruit. The palate is racy and potent, with resiny oak leading herbal berry flavors. A fiery, hot finish brings this to a scouring close. END
START HERE A bit of charred wood and black pepper in the aroma give way to lush berry and cherry flavors that spread across the palate and cling to the sides of the mouth. This wine is lightly oaky and has an attractive richness that lasts on the finish.', 'This Malbec opens with a blast of raw woodgrain, a lactic smell, leather and finally some black fruit. The palate is racy and potent, with resiny oak leading herbal berry flavors. A fiery, hot finish brings this to a scouring close.', 'Fruity, crisp, this is a classic Provence rosé. It is packed with fragrant raspberry fruits, bright acidity and a bright, warm, sun-drenched aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE This Malbec opens with a blast of raw woodgrain, a lactic smell, leather and finally some black fruit. The palate is racy and potent, with resiny oak leading herbal berry flavors. A fiery, hot finish brings this to a scouring close.', 'Fruity, crisp, this is a classic Provence rosé. It is packed with fragrant raspberry fruits, bright acidity and a bright, warm, sun-drenched aftertaste. Drink now.', "Slightly sharp and salinic smelling at first, but soon it veers toward strawberry and raspberry, with hints of smoke and rusticity. Still, for the most part this is a basic New World Cabernet with familiar cherry and plum flavors backed by a touch of chocolate. Feels creamy and medium-bodied, with healthy tannins and acids. A nice everyday Cab that doesn't overstep its limitations. END
START HERE Fruity, crisp, this is a classic Provence rosé. It is packed with fragrant raspberry fruits, bright acidity and a bright, warm, sun-drenched aftertaste. Drink now.', "Slightly sharp and salinic smelling at first, but soon it veers toward strawberry and raspberry, with hints of smoke and rusticity. Still, for the most part this is a basic New World Cabernet with familiar cherry and plum flavors backed by a touch of chocolate. Feels creamy and medium-bodied, with healthy tannins and acids. A nice everyday Cab that doesn't overstep its limitations.", 'Light-bodied and refreshing, this wine leads with fresh cucumber aromas then opens crisp grapefruit and lemon flavors that feel lively on the palate. END
START HERE Slightly sharp and salinic smelling at first, but soon it veers toward strawberry and raspberry, with hints of smoke and rusticity. Still, for the most part this is a basic New World Cabernet with familiar cherry and plum flavors backed by a touch of chocolate. Feels creamy and medium-bodied, with healthy tannins and acids. A nice everyday Cab that doesn't overstep its limitations.", 'Light-bodied and refreshing, this wine leads with fresh cucumber aromas then opens crisp grapefruit and lemon flavors that feel lively on the palate.', 'Blended by Jean-René Matignon, technical director of Château Pichon Baron, this is a smooth, ripe wine with balanced wood and spice flavors. They give weight to berry fruits, rich plums and fragrant acidity at the end. Drink now. END
START HERE Light-bodied and refreshing, this wine leads with fresh cucumber aromas then opens crisp grapefruit and lemon flavors that feel lively on the palate.', 'Blended by Jean-René Matignon, technical director of Château Pichon Baron, this is a smooth, ripe wine with balanced wood and spice flavors. They give weight to berry fruits, rich plums and fragrant acidity at the end. Drink now.', 'Jammy and concentrated on the nose, but more sharp and citric than ideal in the mouth. The wine is borderline sharp, with sour cherry and cranberry flavors leading to a tart, zesty finish. Tastes sour every time you revisit it. END
START HERE Blended by Jean-René Matignon, technical director of Château Pichon Baron, this is a smooth, ripe wine with balanced wood and spice flavors. They give weight to berry fruits, rich plums and fragrant acidity at the end. Drink now.', 'Jammy and concentrated on the nose, but more sharp and citric than ideal in the mouth. The wine is borderline sharp, with sour cherry and cranberry flavors leading to a tart, zesty finish. Tastes sour every time you revisit it.', 'The warm 2015 vintage has softened and rounded this 100% Sauvignon Blanc wine. That gives the wine ripe fruits, touches of pineapple as well as white peach. With attractive acidity at the end, the wine is still crisp and young. Drink now. END
START HERE Jammy and concentrated on the nose, but more sharp and citric than ideal in the mouth. The wine is borderline sharp, with sour cherry and cranberry flavors leading to a tart, zesty finish. Tastes sour every time you revisit it.', 'The warm 2015 vintage has softened and rounded this 100% Sauvignon Blanc wine. That gives the wine ripe fruits, touches of pineapple as well as white peach. With attractive acidity at the end, the wine is still crisp and young. Drink now.', 'Produced from Syrah, this is still a cool wine, with crisp fruitiness to the front. Lively acidity and fresh red fruits are balanced by a warmer layer of caramel. Drink now. END
START HERE The warm 2015 vintage has softened and rounded this 100% Sauvignon Blanc wine. That gives the wine ripe fruits, touches of pineapple as well as white peach. With attractive acidity at the end, the wine is still crisp and young. Drink now.', 'Produced from Syrah, this is still a cool wine, with crisp fruitiness to the front. Lively acidity and fresh red fruits are balanced by a warmer layer of caramel. Drink now.', "With its pale color, this looks like a Provence rosé. It's soft and fruity, with spice, juicy red currant flavors and fine acidity at the end. END
START HERE Produced from Syrah, this is still a cool wine, with crisp fruitiness to the front. Lively acidity and fresh red fruits are balanced by a warmer layer of caramel. Drink now.', "With its pale color, this looks like a Provence rosé. It's soft and fruity, with spice, juicy red currant flavors and fine acidity at the end.", 'Rustic and fruity, with jammy flavors of cherries, raspberries, mocha and spices. Drink with short ribs. END
START HERE With its pale color, this looks like a Provence rosé. It's soft and fruity, with spice, juicy red currant flavors and fine acidity at the end.", 'Rustic and fruity, with jammy flavors of cherries, raspberries, mocha and spices. Drink with short ribs.', 'The Naked (organically grown) series from Snoqualmie continues to expand, now with this 100% Cabernet Sauvignon. It feels soft and manipulated in the mouth; there is a hole in it. Despite the black cherry and smoke flavors, it feels insubstantial and incomplete. END
START HERE Rustic and fruity, with jammy flavors of cherries, raspberries, mocha and spices. Drink with short ribs.', 'The Naked (organically grown) series from Snoqualmie continues to expand, now with this 100% Cabernet Sauvignon. It feels soft and manipulated in the mouth; there is a hole in it. Despite the black cherry and smoke flavors, it feels insubstantial and incomplete.', 'Sweet and simple, with strong, honeyed flavors of pineapples, peaches, green apples, vanilla and buttered popcorn. Crisp, coastal acidity fortunately provides balance. END
START HERE The Naked (organically grown) series from Snoqualmie continues to expand, now with this 100% Cabernet Sauvignon. It feels soft and manipulated in the mouth; there is a hole in it. Despite the black cherry and smoke flavors, it feels insubstantial and incomplete.', 'Sweet and simple, with strong, honeyed flavors of pineapples, peaches, green apples, vanilla and buttered popcorn. Crisp, coastal acidity fortunately provides balance.', "The oak on this wine gives it a strong resin and cinnamon character. Along the way there's floral berry aromas, cherry and plum flavors, and finishing notes of root beer, chocolate and cough drops. A bit woody and tannic but it gets the job done. END
START HERE Sweet and simple, with strong, honeyed flavors of pineapples, peaches, green apples, vanilla and buttered popcorn. Crisp, coastal acidity fortunately provides balance.', "The oak on this wine gives it a strong resin and cinnamon character. Along the way there's floral berry aromas, cherry and plum flavors, and finishing notes of root beer, chocolate and cough drops. A bit woody and tannic but it gets the job done.", 'Honeyed and a bit creamy on the palate, this is an approachable, easy-drinking Riesling. Fresh apple, lemon and pear flavors are accented by smoky minerality. The finish is brisk, accompanied by a hint of astringency. Drink now. END
START HERE The oak on this wine gives it a strong resin and cinnamon character. Along the way there's floral berry aromas, cherry and plum flavors, and finishing notes of root beer, chocolate and cough drops. A bit woody and tannic but it gets the job done.", 'Honeyed and a bit creamy on the palate, this is an approachable, easy-drinking Riesling. Fresh apple, lemon and pear flavors are accented by smoky minerality. The finish is brisk, accompanied by a hint of astringency. Drink now.', "Bright purple in color, this dwells on the natural dark fruitiness of Malbec, without any wood aging. Black currants and berries dominate this bright wine with its attractive acidity. It's a wine to drink now for its vigorous fruitiness. END
START HERE Honeyed and a bit creamy on the palate, this is an approachable, easy-drinking Riesling. Fresh apple, lemon and pear flavors are accented by smoky minerality. The finish is brisk, accompanied by a hint of astringency. Drink now.', "Bright purple in color, this dwells on the natural dark fruitiness of Malbec, without any wood aging. Black currants and berries dominate this bright wine with its attractive acidity. It's a wine to drink now for its vigorous fruitiness.", "Here's a robust Cabernet for everyday drinking. It's dry and smoothly tannic, with earthy flavors of blackberries and plums. END
START HERE Bright purple in color, this dwells on the natural dark fruitiness of Malbec, without any wood aging. Black currants and berries dominate this bright wine with its attractive acidity. It's a wine to drink now for its vigorous fruitiness.", "Here's a robust Cabernet for everyday drinking. It's dry and smoothly tannic, with earthy flavors of blackberries and plums.", 'Light, floral and somewhat out of the mold. Flavors of apricot, peach and mango are both fresh and fleshy, while the finish lingers for quite some time. Fairly forceful but restrained enough. END
START HERE Here's a robust Cabernet for everyday drinking. It's dry and smoothly tannic, with earthy flavors of blackberries and plums.", 'Light, floral and somewhat out of the mold. Flavors of apricot, peach and mango are both fresh and fleshy, while the finish lingers for quite some time. Fairly forceful but restrained enough.', 'This copper-tinted rosé of Pinot Noir smells like a rubber gym ball and citrus fruits. A full round bouncy palate brings it around, while dry citrus and stone-fruit flavors show a skins-like quality on a steady finish. END
START HERE Light, floral and somewhat out of the mold. Flavors of apricot, peach and mango are both fresh and fleshy, while the finish lingers for quite some time. Fairly forceful but restrained enough.', 'This copper-tinted rosé of Pinot Noir smells like a rubber gym ball and citrus fruits. A full round bouncy palate brings it around, while dry citrus and stone-fruit flavors show a skins-like quality on a steady finish.', "This totally fresh rosé is crisp with bright acidity, red currant fruit flavors and lively, bone-dry aftertaste. It's a fine summer wine to drink now. END
START HERE This copper-tinted rosé of Pinot Noir smells like a rubber gym ball and citrus fruits. A full round bouncy palate brings it around, while dry citrus and stone-fruit flavors show a skins-like quality on a steady finish.', "This totally fresh rosé is crisp with bright acidity, red currant fruit flavors and lively, bone-dry aftertaste. It's a fine summer wine to drink now.", "Dry, spicy and showing aromas of cherry and herbs that are true to the grape. Medium bodied, with light cherry, raspberry and peppery flavors, and the finish is toasty and oaky, with cocoa. A touch herbal and strained but for the most part it's true, likable Pinot Noir. END
START HERE This totally fresh rosé is crisp with bright acidity, red currant fruit flavors and lively, bone-dry aftertaste. It's a fine summer wine to drink now.", "Dry, spicy and showing aromas of cherry and herbs that are true to the grape. Medium bodied, with light cherry, raspberry and peppery flavors, and the finish is toasty and oaky, with cocoa. A touch herbal and strained but for the most part it's true, likable Pinot Noir.", "Savory on the nose and palate, with persistent dill, coconut and vanilla notes, there's an abundance of American oak on this wine. Medium bodied, this is creamy and oaky on the palate, with a slightly-bitter herb finish. END
START HERE Dry, spicy and showing aromas of cherry and herbs that are true to the grape. Medium bodied, with light cherry, raspberry and peppery flavors, and the finish is toasty and oaky, with cocoa. A touch herbal and strained but for the most part it's true, likable Pinot Noir.", "Savory on the nose and palate, with persistent dill, coconut and vanilla notes, there's an abundance of American oak on this wine. Medium bodied, this is creamy and oaky on the palate, with a slightly-bitter herb finish.", "Nice berry aromas feature a smidgen of spice and herbs, while the palate has forward acidity that props up lively berry flavors. Expect no frills and this big-format Merlot will satisfy. It's ripe and sweet, and overall it's done right. END
START HERE Savory on the nose and palate, with persistent dill, coconut and vanilla notes, there's an abundance of American oak on this wine. Medium bodied, this is creamy and oaky on the palate, with a slightly-bitter herb finish.", "Nice berry aromas feature a smidgen of spice and herbs, while the palate has forward acidity that props up lively berry flavors. Expect no frills and this big-format Merlot will satisfy. It's ripe and sweet, and overall it's done right.", "The aromas of plum and blue fruit bring appeal but don't seem entirely varietal. Flavors are sweet, backed by lightly tacky-feeling tannins. It delivers easy-drinking enjoyment, though characteristics of the variety seems hard to find. END
START HERE Nice berry aromas feature a smidgen of spice and herbs, while the palate has forward acidity that props up lively berry flavors. Expect no frills and this big-format Merlot will satisfy. It's ripe and sweet, and overall it's done right.", "The aromas of plum and blue fruit bring appeal but don't seem entirely varietal. Flavors are sweet, backed by lightly tacky-feeling tannins. It delivers easy-drinking enjoyment, though characteristics of the variety seems hard to find.", 'Given the dearth of good Argentinean rosés on the market, this one from Cafayate (based on Malbec) is pretty tasty, balanced and interesting. The nose is succulent and not offputting, while the palate shows fresh red apple, cherry and length to the finish. Not complicated but racy and clean. END
START HERE The aromas of plum and blue fruit bring appeal but don't seem entirely varietal. Flavors are sweet, backed by lightly tacky-feeling tannins. It delivers easy-drinking enjoyment, though characteristics of the variety seems hard to find.", 'Given the dearth of good Argentinean rosés on the market, this one from Cafayate (based on Malbec) is pretty tasty, balanced and interesting. The nose is succulent and not offputting, while the palate shows fresh red apple, cherry and length to the finish. Not complicated but racy and clean.', "This is a solid showing, with aromas of toasted, buttered almond, honeyed pineapple, white peach flesh, apple and white flowers. It's light on the palate, with apple juice flavors, a touch of guava and nice chalkiness, making for a pleasant, drinkable wine. END
START HERE Given the dearth of good Argentinean rosés on the market, this one from Cafayate (based on Malbec) is pretty tasty, balanced and interesting. The nose is succulent and not offputting, while the palate shows fresh red apple, cherry and length to the finish. Not complicated but racy and clean.', "This is a solid showing, with aromas of toasted, buttered almond, honeyed pineapple, white peach flesh, apple and white flowers. It's light on the palate, with apple juice flavors, a touch of guava and nice chalkiness, making for a pleasant, drinkable wine.", 'Metallic, stalky aromas open this big but shallow Pinot. Candied plum and raspberry flavors are herbal and heavy. On the finish, stalky berry fruit, herbal hints and animal notes are part of the package. END
START HERE This is a solid showing, with aromas of toasted, buttered almond, honeyed pineapple, white peach flesh, apple and white flowers. It's light on the palate, with apple juice flavors, a touch of guava and nice chalkiness, making for a pleasant, drinkable wine.", 'Metallic, stalky aromas open this big but shallow Pinot. Candied plum and raspberry flavors are herbal and heavy. On the finish, stalky berry fruit, herbal hints and animal notes are part of the package.', "Oddly, Silver Lake's least expensive Merlot is its best. It's a solidly made, straight-ahead varietal wine, with a core of black olive and currant, stiff tannins and enough grip to hold up to hearty main meat dishes. END
START HERE Metallic, stalky aromas open this big but shallow Pinot. Candied plum and raspberry flavors are herbal and heavy. On the finish, stalky berry fruit, herbal hints and animal notes are part of the package.', "Oddly, Silver Lake's least expensive Merlot is its best. It's a solidly made, straight-ahead varietal wine, with a core of black olive and currant, stiff tannins and enough grip to hold up to hearty main meat dishes.", 'This blend of 60% Syrah, 30% Grenache and 10% Cinsault is just a bit too confected. Bubble gum, melon and stone-fruit notes are bold and forward, then finish tart and dry. END
START HERE Oddly, Silver Lake's least expensive Merlot is its best. It's a solidly made, straight-ahead varietal wine, with a core of black olive and currant, stiff tannins and enough grip to hold up to hearty main meat dishes.", 'This blend of 60% Syrah, 30% Grenache and 10% Cinsault is just a bit too confected. Bubble gum, melon and stone-fruit notes are bold and forward, then finish tart and dry.', "This has berry fruit aromas that don't fully register as crisp and spunky. It feels narrow and tastes tart and tangy, with red plum and cherry pie flavors. Punchy and refreshing. END
START HERE This blend of 60% Syrah, 30% Grenache and 10% Cinsault is just a bit too confected. Bubble gum, melon and stone-fruit notes are bold and forward, then finish tart and dry.', "This has berry fruit aromas that don't fully register as crisp and spunky. It feels narrow and tastes tart and tangy, with red plum and cherry pie flavors. Punchy and refreshing.", 'Leathery animal notes blend with stalky berry and plum aromas in front of a bumpy palate with hard tannins. This tastes of herbal plum and berry, with a mildly green, oaky accent. That same oaky, green action repeats on the finish. END
START HERE This has berry fruit aromas that don't fully register as crisp and spunky. It feels narrow and tastes tart and tangy, with red plum and cherry pie flavors. Punchy and refreshing.", 'Leathery animal notes blend with stalky berry and plum aromas in front of a bumpy palate with hard tannins. This tastes of herbal plum and berry, with a mildly green, oaky accent. That same oaky, green action repeats on the finish.', 'This wine is so light in color and flavor. It passes fleetingly across the palate, a wisp of fruit and acidity, before it is lost. END
START HERE Leathery animal notes blend with stalky berry and plum aromas in front of a bumpy palate with hard tannins. This tastes of herbal plum and berry, with a mildly green, oaky accent. That same oaky, green action repeats on the finish.', 'This wine is so light in color and flavor. It passes fleetingly across the palate, a wisp of fruit and acidity, before it is lost.', 'This easy-to-like wine is loaded with forward citrus tones alongside additional scents of gooseberry and fresh grass. The lightweight mouthfeel gets a little lazy on the midpalate, but bright citrus flavors and ample acidity help to keep the finish fresh and lively. Drink now. END
START HERE This wine is so light in color and flavor. It passes fleetingly across the palate, a wisp of fruit and acidity, before it is lost.', 'This easy-to-like wine is loaded with forward citrus tones alongside additional scents of gooseberry and fresh grass. The lightweight mouthfeel gets a little lazy on the midpalate, but bright citrus flavors and ample acidity help to keep the finish fresh and lively. Drink now.', 'This bright pink-colored wine is made from Malbec. It is fruity and fresh with strawberry flavors and layers of acidity that give it a crisp, tight aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE This easy-to-like wine is loaded with forward citrus tones alongside additional scents of gooseberry and fresh grass. The lightweight mouthfeel gets a little lazy on the midpalate, but bright citrus flavors and ample acidity help to keep the finish fresh and lively. Drink now.', 'This bright pink-colored wine is made from Malbec. It is fruity and fresh with strawberry flavors and layers of acidity that give it a crisp, tight aftertaste. Drink now.', 'Nicely put together but totally generic, as if it were sent from the central casting dept. The nose has some rubber and smoke to go with black fruit, while the palate has good body and sweet black plum and berry flavors. Full enough but not baked or heavy. END
START HERE This bright pink-colored wine is made from Malbec. It is fruity and fresh with strawberry flavors and layers of acidity that give it a crisp, tight aftertaste. Drink now.', 'Nicely put together but totally generic, as if it were sent from the central casting dept. The nose has some rubber and smoke to go with black fruit, while the palate has good body and sweet black plum and berry flavors. Full enough but not baked or heavy.', 'Full and ripe, this is a rich wine. Its tannins are well cushioned by the ripe black fruits and generous texture. Fruity with balanced acidity, the wine is spicy and with an open aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE Nicely put together but totally generic, as if it were sent from the central casting dept. The nose has some rubber and smoke to go with black fruit, while the palate has good body and sweet black plum and berry flavors. Full enough but not baked or heavy.', 'Full and ripe, this is a rich wine. Its tannins are well cushioned by the ripe black fruits and generous texture. Fruity with balanced acidity, the wine is spicy and with an open aftertaste. Drink now.', 'A difficult Zinfandel, harsh and scoury in the mouth, with mint, raspberry jelly and black pepper flavors. END
START HERE Full and ripe, this is a rich wine. Its tannins are well cushioned by the ripe black fruits and generous texture. Fruity with balanced acidity, the wine is spicy and with an open aftertaste. Drink now.', 'A difficult Zinfandel, harsh and scoury in the mouth, with mint, raspberry jelly and black pepper flavors.', 'Earthy saffron and fennel notes waft throughout this plush, sun-kissed Riesling, lending a savory cast to plump yellow peach and mango flavors. Zesty acidity brightens the mid palate, leading to a moderately long finish. Drink now. END
START HERE A difficult Zinfandel, harsh and scoury in the mouth, with mint, raspberry jelly and black pepper flavors.', 'Earthy saffron and fennel notes waft throughout this plush, sun-kissed Riesling, lending a savory cast to plump yellow peach and mango flavors. Zesty acidity brightens the mid palate, leading to a moderately long finish. Drink now.', 'Brambly red fruit, bell pepper and spice tones settle on a chunky, jammy palate without much spine or structure. Berry and plum flavors come with a briny aftertaste, while the finish is herbal in character. END
START HERE Earthy saffron and fennel notes waft throughout this plush, sun-kissed Riesling, lending a savory cast to plump yellow peach and mango flavors. Zesty acidity brightens the mid palate, leading to a moderately long finish. Drink now.', 'Brambly red fruit, bell pepper and spice tones settle on a chunky, jammy palate without much spine or structure. Berry and plum flavors come with a briny aftertaste, while the finish is herbal in character.', 'Overtly sweet, almost a dessert wine, with vanilla cream, pineapple jam and cinnamon spice flavors. Balanced by crisp, clean acidity. END
START HERE Brambly red fruit, bell pepper and spice tones settle on a chunky, jammy palate without much spine or structure. Berry and plum flavors come with a briny aftertaste, while the finish is herbal in character.', 'Overtly sweet, almost a dessert wine, with vanilla cream, pineapple jam and cinnamon spice flavors. Balanced by crisp, clean acidity.', 'Sweet and thin, showing sour cherry flavors and a prickly mouthfeel. Cabernet and Syrah. END
START HERE Overtly sweet, almost a dessert wine, with vanilla cream, pineapple jam and cinnamon spice flavors. Balanced by crisp, clean acidity.', 'Sweet and thin, showing sour cherry flavors and a prickly mouthfeel. Cabernet and Syrah.', 'Soft, sweet and simple, with chocolate-covered cherry and orange cola flavors. END
START HERE Sweet and thin, showing sour cherry flavors and a prickly mouthfeel. Cabernet and Syrah.', 'Soft, sweet and simple, with chocolate-covered cherry and orange cola flavors.', 'This is an attractive, soft and fruity wine. With gentle tannins and a touch of spice to balance the red fruits, it is developing into a juicy wine. Lightly smoky at the end, it will be ready to drink from 2017. END
START HERE Soft, sweet and simple, with chocolate-covered cherry and orange cola flavors.', 'This is an attractive, soft and fruity wine. With gentle tannins and a touch of spice to balance the red fruits, it is developing into a juicy wine. Lightly smoky at the end, it will be ready to drink from 2017.', "There's no shortage of heavily charred oak, and early on it may seem a bit mulchy and leathery. But as it knits together and the fruit rises, you'll see that there's a compact, serious wine laying in wait. Flavors of blackberry, licorice and herbs are authentic and powerful. Clacky tannins make food almost mandatory. END
START HERE This is an attractive, soft and fruity wine. With gentle tannins and a touch of spice to balance the red fruits, it is developing into a juicy wine. Lightly smoky at the end, it will be ready to drink from 2017.', "There's no shortage of heavily charred oak, and early on it may seem a bit mulchy and leathery. But as it knits together and the fruit rises, you'll see that there's a compact, serious wine laying in wait. Flavors of blackberry, licorice and herbs are authentic and powerful. Clacky tannins make food almost mandatory.", 'This is relatively light, with straightforward fruit aromas, flavors of pomegranate and strawberry, and a smooth, soft texture. END
START HERE There's no shortage of heavily charred oak, and early on it may seem a bit mulchy and leathery. But as it knits together and the fruit rises, you'll see that there's a compact, serious wine laying in wait. Flavors of blackberry, licorice and herbs are authentic and powerful. Clacky tannins make food almost mandatory.", 'This is relatively light, with straightforward fruit aromas, flavors of pomegranate and strawberry, and a smooth, soft texture.', 'Oily aromas of citrus rind and nettle come in front of a juicy palate. From that point on this Chardonnay struggles. Weedy, peppery, pyrazinic flavors finish bitter. As a whole, this Chardonnay gets a passing grade but barely. END
START HERE This is relatively light, with straightforward fruit aromas, flavors of pomegranate and strawberry, and a smooth, soft texture.', 'Oily aromas of citrus rind and nettle come in front of a juicy palate. From that point on this Chardonnay struggles. Weedy, peppery, pyrazinic flavors finish bitter. As a whole, this Chardonnay gets a passing grade but barely.', "Wonderfully fragrant and pretty, this delicately-made Riesling mixes candied pineapple, honeyed lemon, and pekoe tea flavors to good effect. It's a perfect late spring porch pounder. END
START HERE Oily aromas of citrus rind and nettle come in front of a juicy palate. From that point on this Chardonnay struggles. Weedy, peppery, pyrazinic flavors finish bitter. As a whole, this Chardonnay gets a passing grade but barely.', "Wonderfully fragrant and pretty, this delicately-made Riesling mixes candied pineapple, honeyed lemon, and pekoe tea flavors to good effect. It's a perfect late spring porch pounder.", 'Big and tarry, with asphalt and black fruit galore on the nose. A full, heavy, saturated style of wine with chunky blackberry and sweet, syrupy flavors. Rich but candied, with a bit of toast to the finish. END
START HERE Wonderfully fragrant and pretty, this delicately-made Riesling mixes candied pineapple, honeyed lemon, and pekoe tea flavors to good effect. It's a perfect late spring porch pounder.", 'Big and tarry, with asphalt and black fruit galore on the nose. A full, heavy, saturated style of wine with chunky blackberry and sweet, syrupy flavors. Rich but candied, with a bit of toast to the finish.', 'Robust and country-style, this is a nice wine for barbecue and beef stews. Very dry and tannic, it shows harmonious flavors of blackberries, currants and wild nettles. Buy this young wine for your full-bodied house red. END
START HERE Big and tarry, with asphalt and black fruit galore on the nose. A full, heavy, saturated style of wine with chunky blackberry and sweet, syrupy flavors. Rich but candied, with a bit of toast to the finish.', 'Robust and country-style, this is a nice wine for barbecue and beef stews. Very dry and tannic, it shows harmonious flavors of blackberries, currants and wild nettles. Buy this young wine for your full-bodied house red.', 'Castle Rock again surpasses expectations with this Columbia Valley Cabernet Sauvignon. It has clear Cabernet character, a soft mix of black cherry and cassis, delivered with a smooth and supple mouthfeel. There are well-integrated hints of coffee, cream and herb. Ready to drink right now, with enough heft to stand up to most grilled meats. END
START HERE Robust and country-style, this is a nice wine for barbecue and beef stews. Very dry and tannic, it shows harmonious flavors of blackberries, currants and wild nettles. Buy this young wine for your full-bodied house red.', 'Castle Rock again surpasses expectations with this Columbia Valley Cabernet Sauvignon. It has clear Cabernet character, a soft mix of black cherry and cassis, delivered with a smooth and supple mouthfeel. There are well-integrated hints of coffee, cream and herb. Ready to drink right now, with enough heft to stand up to most grilled meats.', 'The wine is very crisp, but a tight, nervy and almost bitter acidity cuts through and is almost shocking. Maybe it will soften in a few months. END
START HERE Castle Rock again surpasses expectations with this Columbia Valley Cabernet Sauvignon. It has clear Cabernet character, a soft mix of black cherry and cassis, delivered with a smooth and supple mouthfeel. There are well-integrated hints of coffee, cream and herb. Ready to drink right now, with enough heft to stand up to most grilled meats.', 'The wine is very crisp, but a tight, nervy and almost bitter acidity cuts through and is almost shocking. Maybe it will soften in a few months.', 'This has value written all over it, offering fleshy, ripe tropical aromas and flavors. The personality is large and in charge, yet the wine itself remains reasonably balanced and firm in structure. END
START HERE The wine is very crisp, but a tight, nervy and almost bitter acidity cuts through and is almost shocking. Maybe it will soften in a few months.', 'This has value written all over it, offering fleshy, ripe tropical aromas and flavors. The personality is large and in charge, yet the wine itself remains reasonably balanced and firm in structure.', 'Plum and wild berry aromas are slightly briny and volatile. Pinched acidity and related sharpness result in a rough mouthfeel, while plum, raspberry and currant flavors feel wiry, with an earthy, lightly oaked finish. END
START HERE This has value written all over it, offering fleshy, ripe tropical aromas and flavors. The personality is large and in charge, yet the wine itself remains reasonably balanced and firm in structure.', 'Plum and wild berry aromas are slightly briny and volatile. Pinched acidity and related sharpness result in a rough mouthfeel, while plum, raspberry and currant flavors feel wiry, with an earthy, lightly oaked finish.', 'Not a good year for this wine, which is green and fuzzy on the tongue, a strange waft of chemical overpowering over all. END
START HERE Plum and wild berry aromas are slightly briny and volatile. Pinched acidity and related sharpness result in a rough mouthfeel, while plum, raspberry and currant flavors feel wiry, with an earthy, lightly oaked finish.', 'Not a good year for this wine, which is green and fuzzy on the tongue, a strange waft of chemical overpowering over all.', 'More oaky and resiny than in prior years, with a strong, undeniable scent of sawdust. This suggests faux-oak aging via tank staves, which results in a textured but resiny wine that lacks fresh fruit. Too much like a tour through the sawmill. END
START HERE Not a good year for this wine, which is green and fuzzy on the tongue, a strange waft of chemical overpowering over all.', 'More oaky and resiny than in prior years, with a strong, undeniable scent of sawdust. This suggests faux-oak aging via tank staves, which results in a textured but resiny wine that lacks fresh fruit. Too much like a tour through the sawmill.', "Pungent and sharp, and that's exactly the style that Los Vascos has mastered in recent years. This wine tastes very much like a coastal, Casablanca Chardonnay yet it hails from Colchagua. The nose is pithy and citric, and the palate is more of the same. Good mouthfeel and fresh, but green, citrusy and too much like Sauvignon Blanc. END
START HERE More oaky and resiny than in prior years, with a strong, undeniable scent of sawdust. This suggests faux-oak aging via tank staves, which results in a textured but resiny wine that lacks fresh fruit. Too much like a tour through the sawmill.', "Pungent and sharp, and that's exactly the style that Los Vascos has mastered in recent years. This wine tastes very much like a coastal, Casablanca Chardonnay yet it hails from Colchagua. The nose is pithy and citric, and the palate is more of the same. Good mouthfeel and fresh, but green, citrusy and too much like Sauvignon Blanc.", 'Big, jumbled and foxy, with forced berry aromas. Feels full and bulky, with roasted, herbal flavors that suggest cherry and cassis. Mildly astringent and chalky feeling on the finish. END
START HERE Pungent and sharp, and that's exactly the style that Los Vascos has mastered in recent years. This wine tastes very much like a coastal, Casablanca Chardonnay yet it hails from Colchagua. The nose is pithy and citric, and the palate is more of the same. Good mouthfeel and fresh, but green, citrusy and too much like Sauvignon Blanc.", 'Big, jumbled and foxy, with forced berry aromas. Feels full and bulky, with roasted, herbal flavors that suggest cherry and cassis. Mildly astringent and chalky feeling on the finish.', 'This chunky, full-volume wine straddles the line between soft tropical tones and a cool, crisp character. Hard-pounding orange and grapefruit flavors finish monotone and citric. This is vital but lacks sophistication. END
START HERE Big, jumbled and foxy, with forced berry aromas. Feels full and bulky, with roasted, herbal flavors that suggest cherry and cassis. Mildly astringent and chalky feeling on the finish.', 'This chunky, full-volume wine straddles the line between soft tropical tones and a cool, crisp character. Hard-pounding orange and grapefruit flavors finish monotone and citric. This is vital but lacks sophistication.', "The “83” refers to the department number of the Var, the winery's home county in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur. This open, gentle wine dances with attractive bright, fresh fruitiness. It is crisply textured, with a strong citrus element along with raspberry sweetness. It is an apéritif style. END
START HERE This chunky, full-volume wine straddles the line between soft tropical tones and a cool, crisp character. Hard-pounding orange and grapefruit flavors finish monotone and citric. This is vital but lacks sophistication.', "The “83” refers to the department number of the Var, the winery's home county in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur. This open, gentle wine dances with attractive bright, fresh fruitiness. It is crisply textured, with a strong citrus element along with raspberry sweetness. It is an apéritif style.", 'Smells basic and clean, with touches of apple and green veggies. The palate has a thick grab to it, while the flavors seem both sugary and green, with grapefruit and pithy bitterness on the finish. END
START HERE The “83” refers to the department number of the Var, the winery's home county in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur. This open, gentle wine dances with attractive bright, fresh fruitiness. It is crisply textured, with a strong citrus element along with raspberry sweetness. It is an apéritif style.", 'Smells basic and clean, with touches of apple and green veggies. The palate has a thick grab to it, while the flavors seem both sugary and green, with grapefruit and pithy bitterness on the finish.', 'This is a bright and fruity red-currant and berry-fruited wine. It has some richness along with a more stalky edge. Wood aging shows subtly along with the firm tannins of the vintage. Drink from 2014. END
START HERE Smells basic and clean, with touches of apple and green veggies. The palate has a thick grab to it, while the flavors seem both sugary and green, with grapefruit and pithy bitterness on the finish.', 'This is a bright and fruity red-currant and berry-fruited wine. It has some richness along with a more stalky edge. Wood aging shows subtly along with the firm tannins of the vintage. Drink from 2014.', "As sweet and fruity as Gatorade, with a blast of caramelized oak. It's a Chard made in the popular style to appeal to the broad mass of consumers. END
START HERE This is a bright and fruity red-currant and berry-fruited wine. It has some richness along with a more stalky edge. Wood aging shows subtly along with the firm tannins of the vintage. Drink from 2014.', "As sweet and fruity as Gatorade, with a blast of caramelized oak. It's a Chard made in the popular style to appeal to the broad mass of consumers.", 'A bit harsh and bitter, with some unripe, green flavors alongside blackberries. Finishes dry and astringent. END
START HERE As sweet and fruity as Gatorade, with a blast of caramelized oak. It's a Chard made in the popular style to appeal to the broad mass of consumers.", 'A bit harsh and bitter, with some unripe, green flavors alongside blackberries. Finishes dry and astringent.', 'Delicious and bold, this dry wine is easy to enjoy and appreciate. It has aromas like crushed fresh raspberries and blackberries, flavors that are ripe and rich without overdoing it, and a smooth texture punctuated with some fine-grained tannins. END
START HERE A bit harsh and bitter, with some unripe, green flavors alongside blackberries. Finishes dry and astringent.', 'Delicious and bold, this dry wine is easy to enjoy and appreciate. It has aromas like crushed fresh raspberries and blackberries, flavors that are ripe and rich without overdoing it, and a smooth texture punctuated with some fine-grained tannins.', "Grapy and fruity, like it's fresh out of the fermenter. Also sweet and soft, with a melted jam consistency and taste. Drink this simple wine now. END
START HERE Delicious and bold, this dry wine is easy to enjoy and appreciate. It has aromas like crushed fresh raspberries and blackberries, flavors that are ripe and rich without overdoing it, and a smooth texture punctuated with some fine-grained tannins.', "Grapy and fruity, like it's fresh out of the fermenter. Also sweet and soft, with a melted jam consistency and taste. Drink this simple wine now.", "Crushed mineral tones lend a smoky, dusty intensity to brilliantly ripe peach and mango flavors on this delicate off-dry Riesling. Bright with acidity and elegantly fruity, it's a fantastic bargain wine that should carry far beyond casual dining situations. END
START HERE Grapy and fruity, like it's fresh out of the fermenter. Also sweet and soft, with a melted jam consistency and taste. Drink this simple wine now.", "Crushed mineral tones lend a smoky, dusty intensity to brilliantly ripe peach and mango flavors on this delicate off-dry Riesling. Bright with acidity and elegantly fruity, it's a fantastic bargain wine that should carry far beyond casual dining situations.", 'Sugary and Porty. Okay in a pinch when you need something red and rustic. END
START HERE Crushed mineral tones lend a smoky, dusty intensity to brilliantly ripe peach and mango flavors on this delicate off-dry Riesling. Bright with acidity and elegantly fruity, it's a fantastic bargain wine that should carry far beyond casual dining situations.", 'Sugary and Porty. Okay in a pinch when you need something red and rustic.', "Pink in color, this fruity, spicy wine conveys a juicy red currant fruit character. Clean and fresh, it's packed with fruitiness and topped by intense acidity. END
START HERE Sugary and Porty. Okay in a pinch when you need something red and rustic.', "Pink in color, this fruity, spicy wine conveys a juicy red currant fruit character. Clean and fresh, it's packed with fruitiness and topped by intense acidity.", 'Powdered sugar and other lightly confected aromas set up more steely apple and pineapple flavors. Finishes pithy, with grapefruit. Drying and short, but still a reasonable facsimile of Champagne. END
START HERE Pink in color, this fruity, spicy wine conveys a juicy red currant fruit character. Clean and fresh, it's packed with fruitiness and topped by intense acidity.", 'Powdered sugar and other lightly confected aromas set up more steely apple and pineapple flavors. Finishes pithy, with grapefruit. Drying and short, but still a reasonable facsimile of Champagne.', 'Smoked meat, rubber, char and leathery darkness are all good aromas for a value-priced Malbec. The palate is adequately deep and lush, and it maintains pulse and verve while delivering robust flavors of black fruits and herbs. Meaty and pretty long on the finish, and very good Malbec for the money. END
START HERE Powdered sugar and other lightly confected aromas set up more steely apple and pineapple flavors. Finishes pithy, with grapefruit. Drying and short, but still a reasonable facsimile of Champagne.', 'Smoked meat, rubber, char and leathery darkness are all good aromas for a value-priced Malbec. The palate is adequately deep and lush, and it maintains pulse and verve while delivering robust flavors of black fruits and herbs. Meaty and pretty long on the finish, and very good Malbec for the money.', 'Minty and light, the fruit here does not seem to have obtained optimal ripeness, even for rosé. Scents and flavors suggest pine needle and wintergreen rather than any hint of berry or melon. END
START HERE Smoked meat, rubber, char and leathery darkness are all good aromas for a value-priced Malbec. The palate is adequately deep and lush, and it maintains pulse and verve while delivering robust flavors of black fruits and herbs. Meaty and pretty long on the finish, and very good Malbec for the money.', 'Minty and light, the fruit here does not seem to have obtained optimal ripeness, even for rosé. Scents and flavors suggest pine needle and wintergreen rather than any hint of berry or melon.', "The winery notes that these are the oldest commercial Riesling vines in Oregon, planted in 1965. This has a succulent core of sweet apple-flavored fruit, quite rich and delicious. It dries out a little toward the back, but continues with excellent length and more of that crystal clear fresh red apple flavor. It's got enough textural interest to keep it from feeling one-dimensional. END
START HERE Minty and light, the fruit here does not seem to have obtained optimal ripeness, even for rosé. Scents and flavors suggest pine needle and wintergreen rather than any hint of berry or melon.', "The winery notes that these are the oldest commercial Riesling vines in Oregon, planted in 1965. This has a succulent core of sweet apple-flavored fruit, quite rich and delicious. It dries out a little toward the back, but continues with excellent length and more of that crystal clear fresh red apple flavor. It's got enough textural interest to keep it from feeling one-dimensional.", 'Spicy aromas of green tobacco blend with plum and berry notes. This Merlot is drying and tannic on the palate. Leafy flavors are fairly green, with generic black-fruit notes keeping it afloat. END
START HERE The winery notes that these are the oldest commercial Riesling vines in Oregon, planted in 1965. This has a succulent core of sweet apple-flavored fruit, quite rich and delicious. It dries out a little toward the back, but continues with excellent length and more of that crystal clear fresh red apple flavor. It's got enough textural interest to keep it from feeling one-dimensional.", 'Spicy aromas of green tobacco blend with plum and berry notes. This Merlot is drying and tannic on the palate. Leafy flavors are fairly green, with generic black-fruit notes keeping it afloat.', 'With an unusually bright gold color, pineapple and honey aromas, and lively lemon and grapefruit flavors, this wine shows a lot of personality. The effect is refreshing and fruity, but not wimpy. It should pair well with lots of different salads, appetizers and seafood. END
START HERE Spicy aromas of green tobacco blend with plum and berry notes. This Merlot is drying and tannic on the palate. Leafy flavors are fairly green, with generic black-fruit notes keeping it afloat.', 'With an unusually bright gold color, pineapple and honey aromas, and lively lemon and grapefruit flavors, this wine shows a lot of personality. The effect is refreshing and fruity, but not wimpy. It should pair well with lots of different salads, appetizers and seafood.', 'Earthy, scratchy, herbal aromas of cassis and raspberry lead to a punchy, wiry palate. Generic cherry and berry flavors are herbal and lightly green, while this is grabby and tannic on the finish. END
START HERE With an unusually bright gold color, pineapple and honey aromas, and lively lemon and grapefruit flavors, this wine shows a lot of personality. The effect is refreshing and fruity, but not wimpy. It should pair well with lots of different salads, appetizers and seafood.', 'Earthy, scratchy, herbal aromas of cassis and raspberry lead to a punchy, wiry palate. Generic cherry and berry flavors are herbal and lightly green, while this is grabby and tannic on the finish.', 'Jammy smelling, with raisin and cough drop aromas. The palate maintains that jammy profile, while the flavors run creamy and short, with a lean toward strawberry and raspberry. A little grassy and green on the finish, with a final dose of candy. END
START HERE Earthy, scratchy, herbal aromas of cassis and raspberry lead to a punchy, wiry palate. Generic cherry and berry flavors are herbal and lightly green, while this is grabby and tannic on the finish.', 'Jammy smelling, with raisin and cough drop aromas. The palate maintains that jammy profile, while the flavors run creamy and short, with a lean toward strawberry and raspberry. A little grassy and green on the finish, with a final dose of candy.', 'This blend of equal parts Merlot, Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon opens with a black fruit aromas and a whiff of toasted oak. The palate delivers ripe plum and black cherry flavors, with a coffee bean accent, presented in a forward and ready-to-drink style. END
START HERE Jammy smelling, with raisin and cough drop aromas. The palate maintains that jammy profile, while the flavors run creamy and short, with a lean toward strawberry and raspberry. A little grassy and green on the finish, with a final dose of candy.', 'This blend of equal parts Merlot, Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon opens with a black fruit aromas and a whiff of toasted oak. The palate delivers ripe plum and black cherry flavors, with a coffee bean accent, presented in a forward and ready-to-drink style.', 'Dark, toasty and leathery on the nose, but also earthy, rubbery and herbal. Shows good body on the palate, with oaky, lightly medicinal flavors of herbal plum and raspberry. The finish lingers, with herbal flavors and a healthy feel. END
START HERE This blend of equal parts Merlot, Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon opens with a black fruit aromas and a whiff of toasted oak. The palate delivers ripe plum and black cherry flavors, with a coffee bean accent, presented in a forward and ready-to-drink style.', 'Dark, toasty and leathery on the nose, but also earthy, rubbery and herbal. Shows good body on the palate, with oaky, lightly medicinal flavors of herbal plum and raspberry. The finish lingers, with herbal flavors and a healthy feel.', 'Tropical aromas are friendly but basic. A melony feeling palate is low on acidity, thus flavors of honeydew and mango seem mushy. A soft, mealy finish with a papaya-like flavor is the last act. Year after year this unoaked Chardonnay barely gets by. END
START HERE Dark, toasty and leathery on the nose, but also earthy, rubbery and herbal. Shows good body on the palate, with oaky, lightly medicinal flavors of herbal plum and raspberry. The finish lingers, with herbal flavors and a healthy feel.', 'Tropical aromas are friendly but basic. A melony feeling palate is low on acidity, thus flavors of honeydew and mango seem mushy. A soft, mealy finish with a papaya-like flavor is the last act. Year after year this unoaked Chardonnay barely gets by.', "Except for some resiny oak, this wine is limited on the nose. It feels fleshy but balanced by citric acid, while the flavors include melon, pear and oak-driven spice. It's not too fruity, exact or minerally, but it will likely please fans of basic, casual Chardonnay. END
START HERE Tropical aromas are friendly but basic. A melony feeling palate is low on acidity, thus flavors of honeydew and mango seem mushy. A soft, mealy finish with a papaya-like flavor is the last act. Year after year this unoaked Chardonnay barely gets by.', "Except for some resiny oak, this wine is limited on the nose. It feels fleshy but balanced by citric acid, while the flavors include melon, pear and oak-driven spice. It's not too fruity, exact or minerally, but it will likely please fans of basic, casual Chardonnay.", "Toast and char sit atop the bouquet like a heavy king on his throne, but there's nothing fake or weak about it. The color is dark and the palate is round; flavors of black plum, figs and black olives convey a meaty, true personality amid all the char, chocolate and vanilla. A good wine in the massive category that is value-priced Merlot. END
START HERE Except for some resiny oak, this wine is limited on the nose. It feels fleshy but balanced by citric acid, while the flavors include melon, pear and oak-driven spice. It's not too fruity, exact or minerally, but it will likely please fans of basic, casual Chardonnay.", "Toast and char sit atop the bouquet like a heavy king on his throne, but there's nothing fake or weak about it. The color is dark and the palate is round; flavors of black plum, figs and black olives convey a meaty, true personality amid all the char, chocolate and vanilla. A good wine in the massive category that is value-priced Merlot.", 'Lemon, apple and other standard aromas give it a familiar if unspectacular opening. The palate is full, mildly creamy and offers decent acidity in support of peach and nectarine flavors. Solid as a whole for $12 Chilean Chardonnay. END
START HERE Toast and char sit atop the bouquet like a heavy king on his throne, but there's nothing fake or weak about it. The color is dark and the palate is round; flavors of black plum, figs and black olives convey a meaty, true personality amid all the char, chocolate and vanilla. A good wine in the massive category that is value-priced Merlot.", 'Lemon, apple and other standard aromas give it a familiar if unspectacular opening. The palate is full, mildly creamy and offers decent acidity in support of peach and nectarine flavors. Solid as a whole for $12 Chilean Chardonnay.', 'Spicy with strong toasty flavors, this is a wood-dominated wine. Fleeting glimpses of fruit show behind its barricade of oak-derived flavors. It might soften, but the balance is wrong. END
START HERE Lemon, apple and other standard aromas give it a familiar if unspectacular opening. The palate is full, mildly creamy and offers decent acidity in support of peach and nectarine flavors. Solid as a whole for $12 Chilean Chardonnay.', 'Spicy with strong toasty flavors, this is a wood-dominated wine. Fleeting glimpses of fruit show behind its barricade of oak-derived flavors. It might soften, but the balance is wrong.', "Here's a fresh and spicy Ripasso with cherry and intense black pepper and clove aromas. The palate delivers black cherry layered with spicy pepper and nutmeg aromas. This is for immediate enjoyment and will pair nicely with hearty pastas and stews. END
START HERE Spicy with strong toasty flavors, this is a wood-dominated wine. Fleeting glimpses of fruit show behind its barricade of oak-derived flavors. It might soften, but the balance is wrong.', "Here's a fresh and spicy Ripasso with cherry and intense black pepper and clove aromas. The palate delivers black cherry layered with spicy pepper and nutmeg aromas. This is for immediate enjoyment and will pair nicely with hearty pastas and stews.", 'Berry and plum aromas are creamy and spicy while hinting at prune. This everyday Cabernet feels creamy and a touch flat and soupy. Plum and berry flavors are slightly weedy, while this holds steady on a chunky finish. END
START HERE Here's a fresh and spicy Ripasso with cherry and intense black pepper and clove aromas. The palate delivers black cherry layered with spicy pepper and nutmeg aromas. This is for immediate enjoyment and will pair nicely with hearty pastas and stews.", 'Berry and plum aromas are creamy and spicy while hinting at prune. This everyday Cabernet feels creamy and a touch flat and soupy. Plum and berry flavors are slightly weedy, while this holds steady on a chunky finish.', 'This is a tight, mineral-textured wine. Crisp fruit keeps it bright, but the texture adds a more serious, structured note. Wait until late 2017 for it to come completely together. END
START HERE Berry and plum aromas are creamy and spicy while hinting at prune. This everyday Cabernet feels creamy and a touch flat and soupy. Plum and berry flavors are slightly weedy, while this holds steady on a chunky finish.', 'This is a tight, mineral-textured wine. Crisp fruit keeps it bright, but the texture adds a more serious, structured note. Wait until late 2017 for it to come completely together.', 'On the nose, tropical fruit aromas are cloaked in creamy, toasty oak. It feels full and round, with flavors of sweet pear, banana and a lot of resiny wood. The finish features walnut, vanilla and cream flavors. END
START HERE This is a tight, mineral-textured wine. Crisp fruit keeps it bright, but the texture adds a more serious, structured note. Wait until late 2017 for it to come completely together.', 'On the nose, tropical fruit aromas are cloaked in creamy, toasty oak. It feels full and round, with flavors of sweet pear, banana and a lot of resiny wood. The finish features walnut, vanilla and cream flavors.', "This Chard is a bit heavy and oaky, with buttered toast, orange, pear and spicy fruit punch flavors. It's ripe with juicy fruit flavors but balanced by crisp acidity. END
START HERE On the nose, tropical fruit aromas are cloaked in creamy, toasty oak. It feels full and round, with flavors of sweet pear, banana and a lot of resiny wood. The finish features walnut, vanilla and cream flavors.', "This Chard is a bit heavy and oaky, with buttered toast, orange, pear and spicy fruit punch flavors. It's ripe with juicy fruit flavors but balanced by crisp acidity.", 'This wine is light and smooth. It has a crisp edge and hints of red berries, although the fruit seems dilute. Drink now. END
START HERE This Chard is a bit heavy and oaky, with buttered toast, orange, pear and spicy fruit punch flavors. It's ripe with juicy fruit flavors but balanced by crisp acidity.", 'This wine is light and smooth. It has a crisp edge and hints of red berries, although the fruit seems dilute. Drink now.', 'This light-bodied wine shows citrus and green fruit touches. It has a soft aftertaste that makes it attractive and ready to drink. END
START HERE This wine is light and smooth. It has a crisp edge and hints of red berries, although the fruit seems dilute. Drink now.', 'This light-bodied wine shows citrus and green fruit touches. It has a soft aftertaste that makes it attractive and ready to drink.', 'No oak means that the pear and melon flavors are front and center in this slightly syrupy wine that finishes unexpectedly hard and tart, with metallic notes. END
START HERE This light-bodied wine shows citrus and green fruit touches. It has a soft aftertaste that makes it attractive and ready to drink.', 'No oak means that the pear and melon flavors are front and center in this slightly syrupy wine that finishes unexpectedly hard and tart, with metallic notes.', "For the price, you get just what you pay for with this Chard. It's honeyd and soft, with flavors of buttered toast and apricot-orange jam. END
START HERE No oak means that the pear and melon flavors are front and center in this slightly syrupy wine that finishes unexpectedly hard and tart, with metallic notes.', "For the price, you get just what you pay for with this Chard. It's honeyd and soft, with flavors of buttered toast and apricot-orange jam.", 'Not quite as bold as its name suggests, this wine is well-balanced and fun to sip. Fruity and medium-bodied, it smells like raspberries and rhubarb, tastes like red cherries and feels nicely full on the palate, bolstered by a hearty dose of fine tannins. END
START HERE For the price, you get just what you pay for with this Chard. It's honeyd and soft, with flavors of buttered toast and apricot-orange jam.", 'Not quite as bold as its name suggests, this wine is well-balanced and fun to sip. Fruity and medium-bodied, it smells like raspberries and rhubarb, tastes like red cherries and feels nicely full on the palate, bolstered by a hearty dose of fine tannins.', 'Hints of spice, smoke and fennel add dimension to the honeyed stonefruit palate on this off-dry Riesling. Quite round and rich in body with a pleasantly dry finish. END
START HERE Not quite as bold as its name suggests, this wine is well-balanced and fun to sip. Fruity and medium-bodied, it smells like raspberries and rhubarb, tastes like red cherries and feels nicely full on the palate, bolstered by a hearty dose of fine tannins.', 'Hints of spice, smoke and fennel add dimension to the honeyed stonefruit palate on this off-dry Riesling. Quite round and rich in body with a pleasantly dry finish.', "This offers lots of oak-infused blackberry jam and chocolate flavors. It's a little bit too soft and sweet. END
START HERE Hints of spice, smoke and fennel add dimension to the honeyed stonefruit palate on this off-dry Riesling. Quite round and rich in body with a pleasantly dry finish.', "This offers lots of oak-infused blackberry jam and chocolate flavors. It's a little bit too soft and sweet.", 'Aromas are light, with notes of matchstick, herb and cherry. The cherry and plum flavors are sweet and generous, providing easy-drinking appeal. END
START HERE This offers lots of oak-infused blackberry jam and chocolate flavors. It's a little bit too soft and sweet.", 'Aromas are light, with notes of matchstick, herb and cherry. The cherry and plum flavors are sweet and generous, providing easy-drinking appeal.', 'White flowers, dried lavender and vanilla bean scent this wine. Pleasantly acidic on entry, it tastes of lemon curd, pineapple juice and white peaches. The finish is zesty and long lasting. END
START HERE Aromas are light, with notes of matchstick, herb and cherry. The cherry and plum flavors are sweet and generous, providing easy-drinking appeal.', 'White flowers, dried lavender and vanilla bean scent this wine. Pleasantly acidic on entry, it tastes of lemon curd, pineapple juice and white peaches. The finish is zesty and long lasting.', 'The aromas and flavors of this medium-bodied Cabernet recall a spiced, mulled wine. It smells like cloves, cinnamon and nutmeg, and tastes like dark grapes and orange zest. END
START HERE White flowers, dried lavender and vanilla bean scent this wine. Pleasantly acidic on entry, it tastes of lemon curd, pineapple juice and white peaches. The finish is zesty and long lasting.', 'The aromas and flavors of this medium-bodied Cabernet recall a spiced, mulled wine. It smells like cloves, cinnamon and nutmeg, and tastes like dark grapes and orange zest.', 'Castle Rock does a fine job with this value Cabernet Sauvignon. Smooth and supple, the very pretty fruit flavors range from cranberry to black cherry. Delicate suggestions of mushroom, cocoa and dusty earth add welcome complexity. END
START HERE The aromas and flavors of this medium-bodied Cabernet recall a spiced, mulled wine. It smells like cloves, cinnamon and nutmeg, and tastes like dark grapes and orange zest.', 'Castle Rock does a fine job with this value Cabernet Sauvignon. Smooth and supple, the very pretty fruit flavors range from cranberry to black cherry. Delicate suggestions of mushroom, cocoa and dusty earth add welcome complexity.', "Generic in every way, but commendable for its freshness, green-fruit aromas and body. This wine offers nothing more than mid-level fruit flavors, but it's flush and nice enough on the palate. Some bitterness to the finish re-emphasizes its basic quality. END
START HERE Castle Rock does a fine job with this value Cabernet Sauvignon. Smooth and supple, the very pretty fruit flavors range from cranberry to black cherry. Delicate suggestions of mushroom, cocoa and dusty earth add welcome complexity.', "Generic in every way, but commendable for its freshness, green-fruit aromas and body. This wine offers nothing more than mid-level fruit flavors, but it's flush and nice enough on the palate. Some bitterness to the finish re-emphasizes its basic quality.", 'This Bulgarian Chardonnay has aromas of lemon curd, custard apple, mango and lemon blossom. It is soft and round in the mouth with pleasant acidity and has flavors of guava, green apple, mango and white peach. END
START HERE Generic in every way, but commendable for its freshness, green-fruit aromas and body. This wine offers nothing more than mid-level fruit flavors, but it's flush and nice enough on the palate. Some bitterness to the finish re-emphasizes its basic quality.", 'This Bulgarian Chardonnay has aromas of lemon curd, custard apple, mango and lemon blossom. It is soft and round in the mouth with pleasant acidity and has flavors of guava, green apple, mango and white peach.', "Soapy, floral aromas are more like those of a scented candle than most Malbecs. Next is an astringent, raw palate with sketchy plum flavors and bitterness to the finish. This doesn't taste convincingly natural. END
START HERE This Bulgarian Chardonnay has aromas of lemon curd, custard apple, mango and lemon blossom. It is soft and round in the mouth with pleasant acidity and has flavors of guava, green apple, mango and white peach.', "Soapy, floral aromas are more like those of a scented candle than most Malbecs. Next is an astringent, raw palate with sketchy plum flavors and bitterness to the finish. This doesn't taste convincingly natural.", 'This coral-pink-colored wine brings light aromas of cherry and spice. It drinks a hair off dry, with a rounded, fleshy feel and a mouthwatering finish. END
START HERE Soapy, floral aromas are more like those of a scented candle than most Malbecs. Next is an astringent, raw palate with sketchy plum flavors and bitterness to the finish. This doesn't taste convincingly natural.", 'This coral-pink-colored wine brings light aromas of cherry and spice. It drinks a hair off dry, with a rounded, fleshy feel and a mouthwatering finish.', "Tangy and crisp in acidity, this easy-to-drink white wine has tangerine, lemon, kiwi fruit and Asian pear flavors. It's a little sweet on the finish, with a sugared lemonade richness. END
START HERE This coral-pink-colored wine brings light aromas of cherry and spice. It drinks a hair off dry, with a rounded, fleshy feel and a mouthwatering finish.', "Tangy and crisp in acidity, this easy-to-drink white wine has tangerine, lemon, kiwi fruit and Asian pear flavors. It's a little sweet on the finish, with a sugared lemonade richness.", 'This smells distinctly of rubber and little else. Unbalanced and flat in feel, with fleshy citrus and cranberry flavors, this gives off a skins-like sensation as it finishes. END
START HERE Tangy and crisp in acidity, this easy-to-drink white wine has tangerine, lemon, kiwi fruit and Asian pear flavors. It's a little sweet on the finish, with a sugared lemonade richness.", 'This smells distinctly of rubber and little else. Unbalanced and flat in feel, with fleshy citrus and cranberry flavors, this gives off a skins-like sensation as it finishes.', 'Toasty and oily smelling, with baked apple aromas for fruit. The palate is medium in intensity and round, with standard peach and apple flavors. Finishes soft, sweet and a tiny bit mealy. Drink soon. END
START HERE This smells distinctly of rubber and little else. Unbalanced and flat in feel, with fleshy citrus and cranberry flavors, this gives off a skins-like sensation as it finishes.', 'Toasty and oily smelling, with baked apple aromas for fruit. The palate is medium in intensity and round, with standard peach and apple flavors. Finishes soft, sweet and a tiny bit mealy. Drink soon.', 'Fans of dark oak will enjoy this Cab, which is big on char, green herb and dry tannins. Though there is a little plum and black cherry fruit underneath the oak, the midpalate still wants a little more oomph, and more fruit. END
START HERE Toasty and oily smelling, with baked apple aromas for fruit. The palate is medium in intensity and round, with standard peach and apple flavors. Finishes soft, sweet and a tiny bit mealy. Drink soon.', 'Fans of dark oak will enjoy this Cab, which is big on char, green herb and dry tannins. Though there is a little plum and black cherry fruit underneath the oak, the midpalate still wants a little more oomph, and more fruit.', 'Grapy aromas of black cherry introduce a tight, rubbery but fair palate. Ripe berry, black cherry and bitter chocolate flavors finish with a note of toasty oak but also fiery burn. Let this aggressive Malbec air out and it will show best. END
START HERE Fans of dark oak will enjoy this Cab, which is big on char, green herb and dry tannins. Though there is a little plum and black cherry fruit underneath the oak, the midpalate still wants a little more oomph, and more fruit.', 'Grapy aromas of black cherry introduce a tight, rubbery but fair palate. Ripe berry, black cherry and bitter chocolate flavors finish with a note of toasty oak but also fiery burn. Let this aggressive Malbec air out and it will show best.', 'Made from Malbec, this is a full-bodied, dry rosé, with ripe strawberry fruit. It has the acidity that carries the wine, but is more of a food rosé than an apéritif. END
START HERE Grapy aromas of black cherry introduce a tight, rubbery but fair palate. Ripe berry, black cherry and bitter chocolate flavors finish with a note of toasty oak but also fiery burn. Let this aggressive Malbec air out and it will show best.', 'Made from Malbec, this is a full-bodied, dry rosé, with ripe strawberry fruit. It has the acidity that carries the wine, but is more of a food rosé than an apéritif.', "Toasty, smoky black-fruit aromas come with a fair amount of density and char. This is plush but balanced, with blackberry, blueberry and toasty oak flavors. A solid but quick finish isn't complex but it does confirm the wine's quality. The wine is 85% Malbec with the remainder Bonarda, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
START HERE Made from Malbec, this is a full-bodied, dry rosé, with ripe strawberry fruit. It has the acidity that carries the wine, but is more of a food rosé than an apéritif.', "Toasty, smoky black-fruit aromas come with a fair amount of density and char. This is plush but balanced, with blackberry, blueberry and toasty oak flavors. A solid but quick finish isn't complex but it does confirm the wine's quality. The wine is 85% Malbec with the remainder Bonarda, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon.", 'Neutral up front except for sweet cherry and plum aromas. Feels full and grabby, with biting tannins pushing dark, baked flavors of earthy black fruits and chocolate. Grabby and resiny on the oaky but short finish. Feels hard but tastes good. END
START HERE Toasty, smoky black-fruit aromas come with a fair amount of density and char. This is plush but balanced, with blackberry, blueberry and toasty oak flavors. A solid but quick finish isn't complex but it does confirm the wine's quality. The wine is 85% Malbec with the remainder Bonarda, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon.", 'Neutral up front except for sweet cherry and plum aromas. Feels full and grabby, with biting tannins pushing dark, baked flavors of earthy black fruits and chocolate. Grabby and resiny on the oaky but short finish. Feels hard but tastes good.', 'Really candied pink in color, this is an attractive, open and fruity wine. Easy to drink and bright with acidity, it is given a backbone by the Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon in the blend. Drink now. END
START HERE Neutral up front except for sweet cherry and plum aromas. Feels full and grabby, with biting tannins pushing dark, baked flavors of earthy black fruits and chocolate. Grabby and resiny on the oaky but short finish. Feels hard but tastes good.', 'Really candied pink in color, this is an attractive, open and fruity wine. Easy to drink and bright with acidity, it is given a backbone by the Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon in the blend. Drink now.', 'While this is soft and fruity, it lacks all varietal resemblance. Drink it as a ripe red rather than as a Pinot Noir. END
START HERE Really candied pink in color, this is an attractive, open and fruity wine. Easy to drink and bright with acidity, it is given a backbone by the Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon in the blend. Drink now.', 'While this is soft and fruity, it lacks all varietal resemblance. Drink it as a ripe red rather than as a Pinot Noir.', 'This densely structured wine has firm tannins and concentration. The juicy black fruits are still developing to fill out the wine even further. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE While this is soft and fruity, it lacks all varietal resemblance. Drink it as a ripe red rather than as a Pinot Noir.', 'This densely structured wine has firm tannins and concentration. The juicy black fruits are still developing to fill out the wine even further. Drink from 2018.', 'With mineral and apple on the nose, this qualifies as a pure and pleasing SB for almost any occasion. The palate is elegant and lithe, while the flavors of green apple, gooseberry and grapefruit are what they should be. Pure, sound and solid wine to drink right now. END
START HERE This densely structured wine has firm tannins and concentration. The juicy black fruits are still developing to fill out the wine even further. Drink from 2018.', 'With mineral and apple on the nose, this qualifies as a pure and pleasing SB for almost any occasion. The palate is elegant and lithe, while the flavors of green apple, gooseberry and grapefruit are what they should be. Pure, sound and solid wine to drink right now.', 'Earthy, murky cherry and berry aromas feed into a sharply angled palate with racy acidity and scratchy tannins. Flavors of briary plum, olive and mint finish lean, without a lot of substance. END
START HERE With mineral and apple on the nose, this qualifies as a pure and pleasing SB for almost any occasion. The palate is elegant and lithe, while the flavors of green apple, gooseberry and grapefruit are what they should be. Pure, sound and solid wine to drink right now.', 'Earthy, murky cherry and berry aromas feed into a sharply angled palate with racy acidity and scratchy tannins. Flavors of briary plum, olive and mint finish lean, without a lot of substance.', 'This fresh wine has plenty of acidity as well as some firm tannins. It is still young, waiting to fill out with riper fruit flavors. The aftertaste just repeats the acidity. END
START HERE Earthy, murky cherry and berry aromas feed into a sharply angled palate with racy acidity and scratchy tannins. Flavors of briary plum, olive and mint finish lean, without a lot of substance.', 'This fresh wine has plenty of acidity as well as some firm tannins. It is still young, waiting to fill out with riper fruit flavors. The aftertaste just repeats the acidity.', "The cheery, cartoonish cat gracing the label of this off-dry Riesling belies the unexpected elegance of the wine within. The palate is unabashedly peachy and forward, boasting a lush, rounded mouthfeel, but it's also quite mineral, accenting ripe fruit with tones of chalk and wet stone. It's an easy, yet remarkably refined wine to drink now through 2018. END
START HERE This fresh wine has plenty of acidity as well as some firm tannins. It is still young, waiting to fill out with riper fruit flavors. The aftertaste just repeats the acidity.', "The cheery, cartoonish cat gracing the label of this off-dry Riesling belies the unexpected elegance of the wine within. The palate is unabashedly peachy and forward, boasting a lush, rounded mouthfeel, but it's also quite mineral, accenting ripe fruit with tones of chalk and wet stone. It's an easy, yet remarkably refined wine to drink now through 2018.", 'Ripe and juicy, this shows red fruits and soft, broad tannins. The fruity concentration gives it a generous feel. Keep for 2–3 years, or drink sooner. END
START HERE The cheery, cartoonish cat gracing the label of this off-dry Riesling belies the unexpected elegance of the wine within. The palate is unabashedly peachy and forward, boasting a lush, rounded mouthfeel, but it's also quite mineral, accenting ripe fruit with tones of chalk and wet stone. It's an easy, yet remarkably refined wine to drink now through 2018.", 'Ripe and juicy, this shows red fruits and soft, broad tannins. The fruity concentration gives it a generous feel. Keep for 2–3 years, or drink sooner.', 'The nose is vibrant and a bit feral, with aromas of red plum, cherry, red currant and herb. It feels lively, with raspberry, cherry and herbal plum flavors. The finish is juicy. END
START HERE Ripe and juicy, this shows red fruits and soft, broad tannins. The fruity concentration gives it a generous feel. Keep for 2–3 years, or drink sooner.', 'The nose is vibrant and a bit feral, with aromas of red plum, cherry, red currant and herb. It feels lively, with raspberry, cherry and herbal plum flavors. The finish is juicy.', 'The bouquet here is crisp, dry and minerally, with a petrol scent. In the mouth, it feels snappy, cutting and citrusy, with orange and peach flavors. This is fruity and solid, with juicy acidity and a citrus-dominant character. Made using grapes from old vines planted in the 1950s. END
START HERE The nose is vibrant and a bit feral, with aromas of red plum, cherry, red currant and herb. It feels lively, with raspberry, cherry and herbal plum flavors. The finish is juicy.', 'The bouquet here is crisp, dry and minerally, with a petrol scent. In the mouth, it feels snappy, cutting and citrusy, with orange and peach flavors. This is fruity and solid, with juicy acidity and a citrus-dominant character. Made using grapes from old vines planted in the 1950s.', "One of the best Chardonnays available at this price. Shows welcome restraint in the crisp, clean flavors of pineapples, Meyer lemons, pears and green apples, with just a touch of oak. If you just judge by price, you'll be amazed how complex and layered it is. END
START HERE The bouquet here is crisp, dry and minerally, with a petrol scent. In the mouth, it feels snappy, cutting and citrusy, with orange and peach flavors. This is fruity and solid, with juicy acidity and a citrus-dominant character. Made using grapes from old vines planted in the 1950s.', "One of the best Chardonnays available at this price. Shows welcome restraint in the crisp, clean flavors of pineapples, Meyer lemons, pears and green apples, with just a touch of oak. If you just judge by price, you'll be amazed how complex and layered it is.", "A fruity wine that's laced with wood, this is smooth and lightly tannic. The red and black berry fruits are at the fore, supported by a toast character and lifting acidity Age for 1–2 years, but the wine is drinkable now. END
START HERE One of the best Chardonnays available at this price. Shows welcome restraint in the crisp, clean flavors of pineapples, Meyer lemons, pears and green apples, with just a touch of oak. If you just judge by price, you'll be amazed how complex and layered it is.", "A fruity wine that's laced with wood, this is smooth and lightly tannic. The red and black berry fruits are at the fore, supported by a toast character and lifting acidity Age for 1–2 years, but the wine is drinkable now.", "Hints of smoke and toast add warmth to the fresh pear and blossom aromas. An easy-drinking blend of stainless-steel- and barrel-fermented wine, it's bright with fresh fruit, but it's lusciously textured on the palate. END
START HERE A fruity wine that's laced with wood, this is smooth and lightly tannic. The red and black berry fruits are at the fore, supported by a toast character and lifting acidity Age for 1–2 years, but the wine is drinkable now.", "Hints of smoke and toast add warmth to the fresh pear and blossom aromas. An easy-drinking blend of stainless-steel- and barrel-fermented wine, it's bright with fresh fruit, but it's lusciously textured on the palate.", 'This is pure Sauvignon Blanc, fresh, crisp and lightly herbaceous. It has attractive lemon flavors, a touch of saltiness and a bright, fruity texture. It is ready to drink. END
START HERE Hints of smoke and toast add warmth to the fresh pear and blossom aromas. An easy-drinking blend of stainless-steel- and barrel-fermented wine, it's bright with fresh fruit, but it's lusciously textured on the palate.", 'This is pure Sauvignon Blanc, fresh, crisp and lightly herbaceous. It has attractive lemon flavors, a touch of saltiness and a bright, fruity texture. It is ready to drink.', 'Chemical smelling oak, sawdust, plastic and milk chocolate aromas create a less-than-stellar nose. This is oaky/lactic feeling, with snappy acidity cutting through the palate. Flavors of generic red fruits and wood finish without much follow through. END
START HERE This is pure Sauvignon Blanc, fresh, crisp and lightly herbaceous. It has attractive lemon flavors, a touch of saltiness and a bright, fruity texture. It is ready to drink.', 'Chemical smelling oak, sawdust, plastic and milk chocolate aromas create a less-than-stellar nose. This is oaky/lactic feeling, with snappy acidity cutting through the palate. Flavors of generic red fruits and wood finish without much follow through', 'Broad and ripe, this wine offers hints of lemon curd, crushed stone and cashew butter. Ripe melon fruit flavors dominate the palate, even suggesting honey at times, while anise notes provide a bit of lift on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Chemical smelling oak, sawdust, plastic and milk chocolate aromas create a less-than-stellar nose. This is oaky/lactic feeling, with snappy acidity cutting through the palate. Flavors of generic red fruits and wood finish without much follow through', 'Broad and ripe, this wine offers hints of lemon curd, crushed stone and cashew butter. Ripe melon fruit flavors dominate the palate, even suggesting honey at times, while anise notes provide a bit of lift on the finish. Drink now.', 'A pungent feline nose includes scents of melon, passion fruit and white grapefruit. Chunky and round on the palate, this has acidic cut to it, while flavors of tangerine, grapefruit and mango are workmanlike. END
START HERE Broad and ripe, this wine offers hints of lemon curd, crushed stone and cashew butter. Ripe melon fruit flavors dominate the palate, even suggesting honey at times, while anise notes provide a bit of lift on the finish. Drink now.', 'A pungent feline nose includes scents of melon, passion fruit and white grapefruit. Chunky and round on the palate, this has acidic cut to it, while flavors of tangerine, grapefruit and mango are workmanlike.', 'This 100% Malbec rosé comes from vineyards in Cahors however only red wine only can be labeled under the appellation. It has just a hint of the tannins of the grape but is just as much about red currant and berry fruitiness. The wine should be drunk now. END
START HERE A pungent feline nose includes scents of melon, passion fruit and white grapefruit. Chunky and round on the palate, this has acidic cut to it, while flavors of tangerine, grapefruit and mango are workmanlike.', 'This 100% Malbec rosé comes from vineyards in Cahors however only red wine only can be labeled under the appellation. It has just a hint of the tannins of the grape but is just as much about red currant and berry fruitiness. The wine should be drunk now.', 'While this wine has a strong tannic structure, it also offers plenty of ripe fruit. Acidity is kept in its place, giving freshness allied to warm berries. Drink this attractive wine from 2016. END
START HERE This 100% Malbec rosé comes from vineyards in Cahors however only red wine only can be labeled under the appellation. It has just a hint of the tannins of the grape but is just as much about red currant and berry fruitiness. The wine should be drunk now.', 'While this wine has a strong tannic structure, it also offers plenty of ripe fruit. Acidity is kept in its place, giving freshness allied to warm berries. Drink this attractive wine from 2016.', 'Jammy berry, oak and rubbery aromas are round and harmonious. In the mouth, this blend of Petit Verdot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Carmenère is lively and electric, with raspberry, plum and cherry flavors resting in front of a smooth finish with vanilla and chocolaty flavors. END
START HERE While this wine has a strong tannic structure, it also offers plenty of ripe fruit. Acidity is kept in its place, giving freshness allied to warm berries. Drink this attractive wine from 2016.', 'Jammy berry, oak and rubbery aromas are round and harmonious. In the mouth, this blend of Petit Verdot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Carmenère is lively and electric, with raspberry, plum and cherry flavors resting in front of a smooth finish with vanilla and chocolaty flavors.', 'Earth, olive and ample berry aromas vie with herbal scents to create a textbook Maipo Valley bouquet. The palate is packed and full, with olive, sweet oak, herb and cassis flavors. Finishes long but herbal tasting, with lasting flavors of olive and tobacco. END
START HERE Jammy berry, oak and rubbery aromas are round and harmonious. In the mouth, this blend of Petit Verdot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Carmenère is lively and electric, with raspberry, plum and cherry flavors resting in front of a smooth finish with vanilla and chocolaty flavors.', 'Earth, olive and ample berry aromas vie with herbal scents to create a textbook Maipo Valley bouquet. The palate is packed and full, with olive, sweet oak, herb and cassis flavors. Finishes long but herbal tasting, with lasting flavors of olive and tobacco.', "This wine takes a new-world view of Cabernet Sauvignon—juicy, fruity and with a mouthful of black fruit and chocolate-flavored tannins. At the same time, there's a Portuguese twist in the spice, and the is structured with bold acidity and a firm, dry core. Drink from 2014. END
START HERE Earth, olive and ample berry aromas vie with herbal scents to create a textbook Maipo Valley bouquet. The palate is packed and full, with olive, sweet oak, herb and cassis flavors. Finishes long but herbal tasting, with lasting flavors of olive and tobacco.', "This wine takes a new-world view of Cabernet Sauvignon—juicy, fruity and with a mouthful of black fruit and chocolate-flavored tannins. At the same time, there's a Portuguese twist in the spice, and the is structured with bold acidity and a firm, dry core. Drink from 2014.", 'This crisp, fruity wine is fresh with citrus, grapefruit and an attractive zesty texture. Aromatic and bright, it is ready to drink now, clean and fragrant. END
START HERE This wine takes a new-world view of Cabernet Sauvignon—juicy, fruity and with a mouthful of black fruit and chocolate-flavored tannins. At the same time, there's a Portuguese twist in the spice, and the is structured with bold acidity and a firm, dry core. Drink from 2014.", 'This crisp, fruity wine is fresh with citrus, grapefruit and an attractive zesty texture. Aromatic and bright, it is ready to drink now, clean and fragrant.', 'With fresh, grassy aromas and flavors and a subtle character on the palate, this friendly white is simple but enjoyable. Pair with grilled seafood or spicy Asian cuisine. END
START HERE This crisp, fruity wine is fresh with citrus, grapefruit and an attractive zesty texture. Aromatic and bright, it is ready to drink now, clean and fragrant.', 'With fresh, grassy aromas and flavors and a subtle character on the palate, this friendly white is simple but enjoyable. Pair with grilled seafood or spicy Asian cuisine.', 'A fruity, perfumed wine that has attractive acidity as well as spice. The black currant fruit gives the wine a crisp edge as well as an easy approachability. Drink now. END
START HERE With fresh, grassy aromas and flavors and a subtle character on the palate, this friendly white is simple but enjoyable. Pair with grilled seafood or spicy Asian cuisine.', 'A fruity, perfumed wine that has attractive acidity as well as spice. The black currant fruit gives the wine a crisp edge as well as an easy approachability. Drink now.', 'Gritty citrus aromas are tight and crisp. This is wet, basic and zesty on the palate, but lean. Flavors of citrus, green herbs and brine finish with a mix of bitterness and notes of tangy green apple and passion fruit. END
START HERE A fruity, perfumed wine that has attractive acidity as well as spice. The black currant fruit gives the wine a crisp edge as well as an easy approachability. Drink now.', 'Gritty citrus aromas are tight and crisp. This is wet, basic and zesty on the palate, but lean. Flavors of citrus, green herbs and brine finish with a mix of bitterness and notes of tangy green apple and passion fruit.', 'Smoky, cooked berry aromas lead to a full, flabby, rubbery-feeling palate with baked black-fruit flavors that suggest baking spices. A soft finish is low on verve and tastes a bit sugary and sweet. END
START HERE Gritty citrus aromas are tight and crisp. This is wet, basic and zesty on the palate, but lean. Flavors of citrus, green herbs and brine finish with a mix of bitterness and notes of tangy green apple and passion fruit.', 'Smoky, cooked berry aromas lead to a full, flabby, rubbery-feeling palate with baked black-fruit flavors that suggest baking spices. A soft finish is low on verve and tastes a bit sugary and sweet.', "This straightforward wine shows lime flower, chalk, and confectioner's sugar on the nose. The flavors of lime zest and white grapefruit carry to the finish. This wine is fresh and simple with a spine of good acidity. END
START HERE Smoky, cooked berry aromas lead to a full, flabby, rubbery-feeling palate with baked black-fruit flavors that suggest baking spices. A soft finish is low on verve and tastes a bit sugary and sweet.', "This straightforward wine shows lime flower, chalk, and confectioner's sugar on the nose. The flavors of lime zest and white grapefruit carry to the finish. This wine is fresh and simple with a spine of good acidity.", 'In its classic Provence skittle bottle, this is a wine for quaffing at a patio or restaurant table. Pale in color but packed with red fruit, it is an immediately attractive fruity and lively wine. Drink now. END
START HERE This straightforward wine shows lime flower, chalk, and confectioner's sugar on the nose. The flavors of lime zest and white grapefruit carry to the finish. This wine is fresh and simple with a spine of good acidity.", 'In its classic Provence skittle bottle, this is a wine for quaffing at a patio or restaurant table. Pale in color but packed with red fruit, it is an immediately attractive fruity and lively wine. Drink now.', 'Mild aromas of apple cider bring no real aromatic gravitas. The feel is good but basic, with fresh acidity and wetness. Flavors of nectarine, peach pit and citrus finish dry, pithy and short. END
START HERE In its classic Provence skittle bottle, this is a wine for quaffing at a patio or restaurant table. Pale in color but packed with red fruit, it is an immediately attractive fruity and lively wine. Drink now.', 'Mild aromas of apple cider bring no real aromatic gravitas. The feel is good but basic, with fresh acidity and wetness. Flavors of nectarine, peach pit and citrus finish dry, pithy and short.', "From Santa Carolina, this Malbec is what you'd call meaty but a little raisiny. It shows signs of mild reduction, which pushes the flavors to marmalade. Pepper and a little coffee-like bitterness on the finish close the show. Drink now. Imported by Carolina Wine Brands USA. END
START HERE Mild aromas of apple cider bring no real aromatic gravitas. The feel is good but basic, with fresh acidity and wetness. Flavors of nectarine, peach pit and citrus finish dry, pithy and short.', "From Santa Carolina, this Malbec is what you'd call meaty but a little raisiny. It shows signs of mild reduction, which pushes the flavors to marmalade. Pepper and a little coffee-like bitterness on the finish close the show. Drink now. Imported by Carolina Wine Brands USA.", "This is a solid Cabernet that shows the promise of the appellation in the central part of Monterey's Salinas Valley. It's dry and medium-bodied, with savory red-cherry candy, cranberry and currant flavors. END
START HERE From Santa Carolina, this Malbec is what you'd call meaty but a little raisiny. It shows signs of mild reduction, which pushes the flavors to marmalade. Pepper and a little coffee-like bitterness on the finish close the show. Drink now. Imported by Carolina Wine Brands USA.", "This is a solid Cabernet that shows the promise of the appellation in the central part of Monterey's Salinas Valley. It's dry and medium-bodied, with savory red-cherry candy, cranberry and currant flavors.", 'Concentrated on the nose, with wild berry and cassis aromas. Feels fresh and grippy due to firm tannins, with snappy red berry, plum and mild oak flavors. Not all that complex and showing little more than bright, pleasant fruit flavors and firmness. END
START HERE This is a solid Cabernet that shows the promise of the appellation in the central part of Monterey's Salinas Valley. It's dry and medium-bodied, with savory red-cherry candy, cranberry and currant flavors.", 'Concentrated on the nose, with wild berry and cassis aromas. Feels fresh and grippy due to firm tannins, with snappy red berry, plum and mild oak flavors. Not all that complex and showing little more than bright, pleasant fruit flavors and firmness.', 'Attractively fruity, with plenty of red berry and black cherry flavors. Along with the fruit, the tannins and spice round out the texture, giving a final velvet feel. END
START HERE Concentrated on the nose, with wild berry and cassis aromas. Feels fresh and grippy due to firm tannins, with snappy red berry, plum and mild oak flavors. Not all that complex and showing little more than bright, pleasant fruit flavors and firmness.', 'Attractively fruity, with plenty of red berry and black cherry flavors. Along with the fruit, the tannins and spice round out the texture, giving a final velvet feel.', 'This young, fruity wine is almost ready to drink. Attractive black currant acidity and light tannins t bring a bite to the natural smoothness of the wine. Drink from 2015. END
START HERE Attractively fruity, with plenty of red berry and black cherry flavors. Along with the fruit, the tannins and spice round out the texture, giving a final velvet feel.', 'This young, fruity wine is almost ready to drink. Attractive black currant acidity and light tannins t bring a bite to the natural smoothness of the wine. Drink from 2015.', "This Cab is a country-style wine, simple and thin, with cherry-berry flavors and a touch of oak. It's not bad for the price. END
START HERE This young, fruity wine is almost ready to drink. Attractive black currant acidity and light tannins t bring a bite to the natural smoothness of the wine. Drink from 2015.', "This Cab is a country-style wine, simple and thin, with cherry-berry flavors and a touch of oak. It's not bad for the price.", 'Animal Cracker, Creamsicle and chemical aromas combine to create a difficult bouquet. This is a hollow wine with bland flavors of rubber band and apple. A strained, oddly oaky tasting finish does little to help. END
START HERE This Cab is a country-style wine, simple and thin, with cherry-berry flavors and a touch of oak. It's not bad for the price.", 'Animal Cracker, Creamsicle and chemical aromas combine to create a difficult bouquet. This is a hollow wine with bland flavors of rubber band and apple. A strained, oddly oaky tasting finish does little to help.', "This Chardonnay opens with a strong blast of oak resin that frankly doesn't smell very natural or nice. The palate feel is heavy and mealy, while flavors of resiny oak and salt lack fruit. The finish is much the same: salty and oaky. END
START HERE Animal Cracker, Creamsicle and chemical aromas combine to create a difficult bouquet. This is a hollow wine with bland flavors of rubber band and apple. A strained, oddly oaky tasting finish does little to help.', "This Chardonnay opens with a strong blast of oak resin that frankly doesn't smell very natural or nice. The palate feel is heavy and mealy, while flavors of resiny oak and salt lack fruit. The finish is much the same: salty and oaky.", 'Okay for everyday drinking, with crisp acidity and a clean, steely minerality undergirding the lime flavors. The drawback is a strong feline smell and taste that some will find offensive. END
START HERE This Chardonnay opens with a strong blast of oak resin that frankly doesn't smell very natural or nice. The palate feel is heavy and mealy, while flavors of resiny oak and salt lack fruit. The finish is much the same: salty and oaky.", 'Okay for everyday drinking, with crisp acidity and a clean, steely minerality undergirding the lime flavors. The drawback is a strong feline smell and taste that some will find offensive.', 'A dry, decent wine for everyday purposes, this Cab has blackberry, nettle, anise and clove flavors that make the finish tannicly spicy. This is a pretty good price for a steaks and chops wine of some elegance. END
START HERE Okay for everyday drinking, with crisp acidity and a clean, steely minerality undergirding the lime flavors. The drawback is a strong feline smell and taste that some will find offensive.', 'A dry, decent wine for everyday purposes, this Cab has blackberry, nettle, anise and clove flavors that make the finish tannicly spicy. This is a pretty good price for a steaks and chops wine of some elegance.', 'Better than most Argentinean Sauvignon Blancs, and made in a fuller-bodied style. The nose has weight and wax aromas, as well as melon, and the palate features ripe, almost pithy citrus. Dried apricot and a nick of passion fruit work the finish. Drink immediately. END
START HERE A dry, decent wine for everyday purposes, this Cab has blackberry, nettle, anise and clove flavors that make the finish tannicly spicy. This is a pretty good price for a steaks and chops wine of some elegance.', 'Better than most Argentinean Sauvignon Blancs, and made in a fuller-bodied style. The nose has weight and wax aromas, as well as melon, and the palate features ripe, almost pithy citrus. Dried apricot and a nick of passion fruit work the finish. Drink immediately.', 'From vineyards in both Santa Barbara and Monterey, this blue-bottled wine shows honey, candied apple, orange blossom and lime peel scents. The palate is quite dry, with the slightest suggestion of sweetness, offering orange sorbet and grapefruit rind flavors. END
START HERE Better than most Argentinean Sauvignon Blancs, and made in a fuller-bodied style. The nose has weight and wax aromas, as well as melon, and the palate features ripe, almost pithy citrus. Dried apricot and a nick of passion fruit work the finish. Drink immediately.', 'From vineyards in both Santa Barbara and Monterey, this blue-bottled wine shows honey, candied apple, orange blossom and lime peel scents. The palate is quite dry, with the slightest suggestion of sweetness, offering orange sorbet and grapefruit rind flavors.', 'Offers a mishmash of aromas that include plenty of woody notes like vanilla and toast as well as cherry fruit. The result in the mouth comes across as slightly medicinal, with cherry and menthol flavors that turn tangy on the finish. Imported by Walca International. END
START HERE From vineyards in both Santa Barbara and Monterey, this blue-bottled wine shows honey, candied apple, orange blossom and lime peel scents. The palate is quite dry, with the slightest suggestion of sweetness, offering orange sorbet and grapefruit rind flavors.', 'Offers a mishmash of aromas that include plenty of woody notes like vanilla and toast as well as cherry fruit. The result in the mouth comes across as slightly medicinal, with cherry and menthol flavors that turn tangy on the finish. Imported by Walca International.', 'This is a good, dry wine with moderate fruit flavors, a straightforward texture and medium body. It has mild lemon and apple notes in the aroma and on the palate. END
START HERE Offers a mishmash of aromas that include plenty of woody notes like vanilla and toast as well as cherry fruit. The result in the mouth comes across as slightly medicinal, with cherry and menthol flavors that turn tangy on the finish. Imported by Walca International.', 'This is a good, dry wine with moderate fruit flavors, a straightforward texture and medium body. It has mild lemon and apple notes in the aroma and on the palate.', 'A strong, vibrant texture of crisp acidity and firm tannins energizes this flavorful and distinctive wine. Red cherry and raspberry aromas lead to crisp cranberry and cherry flavors. An appealing dry finish brings you back for another sip. END
START HERE This is a good, dry wine with moderate fruit flavors, a straightforward texture and medium body. It has mild lemon and apple notes in the aroma and on the palate.', 'A strong, vibrant texture of crisp acidity and firm tannins energizes this flavorful and distinctive wine. Red cherry and raspberry aromas lead to crisp cranberry and cherry flavors. An appealing dry finish brings you back for another sip.', 'While not very full bodied, this tastes rich and heavy like fruit syrup. Pear, apple and banana flavors coat the mouth with a touch of sweetness and a rounded texture. END
START HERE A strong, vibrant texture of crisp acidity and firm tannins energizes this flavorful and distinctive wine. Red cherry and raspberry aromas lead to crisp cranberry and cherry flavors. An appealing dry finish brings you back for another sip.', 'While not very full bodied, this tastes rich and heavy like fruit syrup. Pear, apple and banana flavors coat the mouth with a touch of sweetness and a rounded texture.', 'Nothing in this modest and medium-bodied wine is a turnoff, so it will be fine for an outdoor occasion or a big party where the wine is not really the focus. The flavors do include some subtle vanilla and butter notes and the texture is rich and soothing. END
START HERE While not very full bodied, this tastes rich and heavy like fruit syrup. Pear, apple and banana flavors coat the mouth with a touch of sweetness and a rounded texture.', 'Nothing in this modest and medium-bodied wine is a turnoff, so it will be fine for an outdoor occasion or a big party where the wine is not really the focus. The flavors do include some subtle vanilla and butter notes and the texture is rich and soothing.', 'This is a generously fruity wine with light oak aromas, lots of straightforward black-cherry flavor, a smooth texture and full body. END
START HERE Nothing in this modest and medium-bodied wine is a turnoff, so it will be fine for an outdoor occasion or a big party where the wine is not really the focus. The flavors do include some subtle vanilla and butter notes and the texture is rich and soothing.', 'This is a generously fruity wine with light oak aromas, lots of straightforward black-cherry flavor, a smooth texture and full body.', "Here's a solid value that shows true Napa style. Dry and balanced, it offers up rich flavors of cherries, blackberries and spice, wrapped into smooth tannins. END
START HERE This is a generously fruity wine with light oak aromas, lots of straightforward black-cherry flavor, a smooth texture and full body.', "Here's a solid value that shows true Napa style. Dry and balanced, it offers up rich flavors of cherries, blackberries and spice, wrapped into smooth tannins.", 'A salmon-colored wine, very fresh, with a full palate that carries flavors of strawberries and red currants. The wine is dry, but with the smooth caramel texture, it seems sweeter and softer. END
START HERE Here's a solid value that shows true Napa style. Dry and balanced, it offers up rich flavors of cherries, blackberries and spice, wrapped into smooth tannins.", 'A salmon-colored wine, very fresh, with a full palate that carries flavors of strawberries and red currants. The wine is dry, but with the smooth caramel texture, it seems sweeter and softer.', "This straightforward, perfectly clean blend of Carignan, Syrah and Garnacha would function as a great everyday house red. It's lively and a little racy and grating on the palate, with standard, fresh berry flavors touched up by a sprinkle of chocolaty oak. A modest finish keeps the vibe positive. END
START HERE A salmon-colored wine, very fresh, with a full palate that carries flavors of strawberries and red currants. The wine is dry, but with the smooth caramel texture, it seems sweeter and softer.', "This straightforward, perfectly clean blend of Carignan, Syrah and Garnacha would function as a great everyday house red. It's lively and a little racy and grating on the palate, with standard, fresh berry flavors touched up by a sprinkle of chocolaty oak. A modest finish keeps the vibe positive.", 'Its Grand Escolha (equivalent to a Reserve wine) label explains why this is a young, reticent and closed wine. With its firm fruits and tight tannins, it needs several years of aging to reveal what will always be a serious wine. END
START HERE This straightforward, perfectly clean blend of Carignan, Syrah and Garnacha would function as a great everyday house red. It's lively and a little racy and grating on the palate, with standard, fresh berry flavors touched up by a sprinkle of chocolaty oak. A modest finish keeps the vibe positive.", 'Its Grand Escolha (equivalent to a Reserve wine) label explains why this is a young, reticent and closed wine. With its firm fruits and tight tannins, it needs several years of aging to reveal what will always be a serious wine.', "A lean, fresh style of Bordeaux, with red fruits balancing on dry tannins and a top layer of acidity. It is almost austere, but it's rescued by the freshness of the fruit and underlying structure. END
START HERE Its Grand Escolha (equivalent to a Reserve wine) label explains why this is a young, reticent and closed wine. With its firm fruits and tight tannins, it needs several years of aging to reveal what will always be a serious wine.', "A lean, fresh style of Bordeaux, with red fruits balancing on dry tannins and a top layer of acidity. It is almost austere, but it's rescued by the freshness of the fruit and underlying structure.", 'This wine has certainly been wood aged, the easy fruit well balanced with the layers of wood tannin, which come through in the aftertaste. Ripe, ready to drink. END
START HERE A lean, fresh style of Bordeaux, with red fruits balancing on dry tannins and a top layer of acidity. It is almost austere, but it's rescued by the freshness of the fruit and underlying structure.", 'This wine has certainly been wood aged, the easy fruit well balanced with the layers of wood tannin, which come through in the aftertaste. Ripe, ready to drink.', "With a touch of smoky, honeyed oak, this Chard has forward peach, pear and tropical fruit flavors, balanced with a crisp streak of acidity. Nice and versatile, it's a good Chard at a fair price. END
START HERE This wine has certainly been wood aged, the easy fruit well balanced with the layers of wood tannin, which come through in the aftertaste. Ripe, ready to drink.', "With a touch of smoky, honeyed oak, this Chard has forward peach, pear and tropical fruit flavors, balanced with a crisp streak of acidity. Nice and versatile, it's a good Chard at a fair price.", "Tastes more like Cabernet, with black currant flavors and sturdy tannins, but the point is that it's a nice, dry, full-bodied table wine. The brand's been around for a while and is proving to be a consistent good value. END
START HERE With a touch of smoky, honeyed oak, this Chard has forward peach, pear and tropical fruit flavors, balanced with a crisp streak of acidity. Nice and versatile, it's a good Chard at a fair price.", "Tastes more like Cabernet, with black currant flavors and sturdy tannins, but the point is that it's a nice, dry, full-bodied table wine. The brand's been around for a while and is proving to be a consistent good value.", 'Color is on the salmon pink side, signalling fresh acidity and flavors of apples and citrus to go with the red fruits. Easy drinking. END
START HERE Tastes more like Cabernet, with black currant flavors and sturdy tannins, but the point is that it's a nice, dry, full-bodied table wine. The brand's been around for a while and is proving to be a consistent good value.", 'Color is on the salmon pink side, signalling fresh acidity and flavors of apples and citrus to go with the red fruits. Easy drinking.', 'From the excellent 2007 vintage, Monte Antico (a blend of 85% Sangiovese with Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot) offers easy spice aromas of clove and cinnamon followed by a fresh dose of cherry fruit. END
START HERE Color is on the salmon pink side, signalling fresh acidity and flavors of apples and citrus to go with the red fruits. Easy drinking.', 'From the excellent 2007 vintage, Monte Antico (a blend of 85% Sangiovese with Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot) offers easy spice aromas of clove and cinnamon followed by a fresh dose of cherry fruit.', 'Imported by Maisons Marques & Domaines USA. END
START HERE From the excellent 2007 vintage, Monte Antico (a blend of 85% Sangiovese with Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot) offers easy spice aromas of clove and cinnamon followed by a fresh dose of cherry fruit.', 'Imported by Maisons Marques & Domaines USA.', 'This light-bodied, assertive Sauvignon Blanc exudes classic aromas and flavors of fresh herb and snap pea, helping it taste crisp, dry and true to type. END
START HERE Imported by Maisons Marques & Domaines USA.', 'This light-bodied, assertive Sauvignon Blanc exudes classic aromas and flavors of fresh herb and snap pea, helping it taste crisp, dry and true to type.', 'This good, basic wine offers herb and cherry aromas, mostly crisp fruit flavors and a firm, tannic texture. END
START HERE This light-bodied, assertive Sauvignon Blanc exudes classic aromas and flavors of fresh herb and snap pea, helping it taste crisp, dry and true to type.', 'This good, basic wine offers herb and cherry aromas, mostly crisp fruit flavors and a firm, tannic texture.', 'This five-grape blend straddles the gamut of aromas and flavors. It starts with a flat, aged cheese and tobacco nose before opening to show cassis, raspberry and other solid fruit flavors. The finish is sturdy and lengthy, and overall it delivers a round feel and good expression. END
START HERE This good, basic wine offers herb and cherry aromas, mostly crisp fruit flavors and a firm, tannic texture.', 'This five-grape blend straddles the gamut of aromas and flavors. It starts with a flat, aged cheese and tobacco nose before opening to show cassis, raspberry and other solid fruit flavors. The finish is sturdy and lengthy, and overall it delivers a round feel and good expression.', "You might not know it from the name, but this is a bit of a critter wine, as Bulldozer is a nickname for the hairy-nosed wombat. In any event, it's a step up from much of the competition, offering sturdy cassis flavors tinged with pepper and herbs and a clean, mouthwatering finish. Imported by MHW, Ltd. END
START HERE This five-grape blend straddles the gamut of aromas and flavors. It starts with a flat, aged cheese and tobacco nose before opening to show cassis, raspberry and other solid fruit flavors. The finish is sturdy and lengthy, and overall it delivers a round feel and good expression.', "You might not know it from the name, but this is a bit of a critter wine, as Bulldozer is a nickname for the hairy-nosed wombat. In any event, it's a step up from much of the competition, offering sturdy cassis flavors tinged with pepper and herbs and a clean, mouthwatering finish. Imported by MHW, Ltd.", 'Grace Lane, from Terlato Wines, makes a grand entry into Washington Riesling with this stylish, medium dry effort from the excellent 2012 vintage. Lemon tea, hibiscus, blood orange and apricot notes swirl up from the glass, round, fruity and delicious. Drink now through the next few years. END
START HERE You might not know it from the name, but this is a bit of a critter wine, as Bulldozer is a nickname for the hairy-nosed wombat. In any event, it's a step up from much of the competition, offering sturdy cassis flavors tinged with pepper and herbs and a clean, mouthwatering finish. Imported by MHW, Ltd.", 'Grace Lane, from Terlato Wines, makes a grand entry into Washington Riesling with this stylish, medium dry effort from the excellent 2012 vintage. Lemon tea, hibiscus, blood orange and apricot notes swirl up from the glass, round, fruity and delicious. Drink now through the next few years.', 'Apple and peach aromas are slightly waxy and show a spot of petrol. This is citrusy but full in body, with flavors of apple, pear, melon and citrus. A plump, basic finish is monotone, but clean and fruity. END
START HERE Grace Lane, from Terlato Wines, makes a grand entry into Washington Riesling with this stylish, medium dry effort from the excellent 2012 vintage. Lemon tea, hibiscus, blood orange and apricot notes swirl up from the glass, round, fruity and delicious. Drink now through the next few years.', 'Apple and peach aromas are slightly waxy and show a spot of petrol. This is citrusy but full in body, with flavors of apple, pear, melon and citrus. A plump, basic finish is monotone, but clean and fruity.', 'Oaky, resiny, briny aromas of apple and popcorn set up a high-acid palate with fragmented resiny notes. Flavors of briny apple, lemon and oak but also fresh and citrusy. END
START HERE Apple and peach aromas are slightly waxy and show a spot of petrol. This is citrusy but full in body, with flavors of apple, pear, melon and citrus. A plump, basic finish is monotone, but clean and fruity.', 'Oaky, resiny, briny aromas of apple and popcorn set up a high-acid palate with fragmented resiny notes. Flavors of briny apple, lemon and oak but also fresh and citrusy.', 'Very dry and rather sharp in acidity, this Syrah offers cherry-berry flavors with a hint of herbs and spices. It turns bitter on the finish. Good price, but could use greater richness. END
START HERE Oaky, resiny, briny aromas of apple and popcorn set up a high-acid palate with fragmented resiny notes. Flavors of briny apple, lemon and oak but also fresh and citrusy.', 'Very dry and rather sharp in acidity, this Syrah offers cherry-berry flavors with a hint of herbs and spices. It turns bitter on the finish. Good price, but could use greater richness.', "What a nice wine for this price. It's so dry and crisp and minerally and easy to drink, with enough sophistication to satisfy even fussy wine snobs. The subtle flavors include lemons, limes and smoky oak. END
START HERE Very dry and rather sharp in acidity, this Syrah offers cherry-berry flavors with a hint of herbs and spices. It turns bitter on the finish. Good price, but could use greater richness.', "What a nice wine for this price. It's so dry and crisp and minerally and easy to drink, with enough sophistication to satisfy even fussy wine snobs. The subtle flavors include lemons, limes and smoky oak.", "There's lots of good varietal character in this pleasant wine. It has correct flavors of blackcurrants, olives and herbs, and is wrapped in delicately soft tannins. The finish is dry and fruity. Not a lot of stuffing going on, but will be nice with roast beef. END
START HERE What a nice wine for this price. It's so dry and crisp and minerally and easy to drink, with enough sophistication to satisfy even fussy wine snobs. The subtle flavors include lemons, limes and smoky oak.", "There's lots of good varietal character in this pleasant wine. It has correct flavors of blackcurrants, olives and herbs, and is wrapped in delicately soft tannins. The finish is dry and fruity. Not a lot of stuffing going on, but will be nice with roast beef.", "Bright violet in color and well extracted, but also vegetal. You'd think from the hue and vintage that it would be seamlessly ripe, but it seems green at the core. Thus while it delivers texture, rich plum fruit and tannic structure, there's a gap in  clarity of fruit flavor. END
START HERE There's lots of good varietal character in this pleasant wine. It has correct flavors of blackcurrants, olives and herbs, and is wrapped in delicately soft tannins. The finish is dry and fruity. Not a lot of stuffing going on, but will be nice with roast beef.", "Bright violet in color and well extracted, but also vegetal. You'd think from the hue and vintage that it would be seamlessly ripe, but it seems green at the core. Thus while it delivers texture, rich plum fruit and tannic structure, there's a gap in  clarity of fruit flavor.", "This is a caramel-flavored blend of Merlot, Tannat, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Syrah and Malbec. That's a range, but the result is an attractive fruity and soft wine. It is bright at the end with plenty of acidity. The wine is ready to drink. END
START HERE Bright violet in color and well extracted, but also vegetal. You'd think from the hue and vintage that it would be seamlessly ripe, but it seems green at the core. Thus while it delivers texture, rich plum fruit and tannic structure, there's a gap in  clarity of fruit flavor.", "This is a caramel-flavored blend of Merlot, Tannat, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Syrah and Malbec. That's a range, but the result is an attractive fruity and soft wine. It is bright at the end with plenty of acidity. The wine is ready to drink.", "Exotic melon and pineapple flavors are accented by hints of chalk and powdered sugar on this brisk yet penetrating Riesling. Light on its feet with a textural, almost feathery, mouthfeel, it's an incredible steal at $12. END
START HERE This is a caramel-flavored blend of Merlot, Tannat, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Syrah and Malbec. That's a range, but the result is an attractive fruity and soft wine. It is bright at the end with plenty of acidity. The wine is ready to drink.", "Exotic melon and pineapple flavors are accented by hints of chalk and powdered sugar on this brisk yet penetrating Riesling. Light on its feet with a textural, almost feathery, mouthfeel, it's an incredible steal at $12.", 'Full of fig and grapefruit flavor, this was never aged in oak. A small addition of Sémillon adds to its richness and long finish. END
START HERE Exotic melon and pineapple flavors are accented by hints of chalk and powdered sugar on this brisk yet penetrating Riesling. Light on its feet with a textural, almost feathery, mouthfeel, it's an incredible steal at $12.", 'Full of fig and grapefruit flavor, this was never aged in oak. A small addition of Sémillon adds to its richness and long finish.', "Bold and saturated to the eye, with black fruit, olive and other slightly herbal aromas. But where this wine loses points is in the mouth. It's sharp and overtly acidic, which makes the cola and cherry flavors ring and seem tangy. Thus it finishes short and scouring. END
START HERE Full of fig and grapefruit flavor, this was never aged in oak. A small addition of Sémillon adds to its richness and long finish.', "Bold and saturated to the eye, with black fruit, olive and other slightly herbal aromas. But where this wine loses points is in the mouth. It's sharp and overtly acidic, which makes the cola and cherry flavors ring and seem tangy. Thus it finishes short and scouring.", 'This exceptional effort is packed with sweet and tart fruits, beginning with lemon-lime, then moving through peaches and apricots and on into hints of papaya. Good length and splendid acidity. END
START HERE Bold and saturated to the eye, with black fruit, olive and other slightly herbal aromas. But where this wine loses points is in the mouth. It's sharp and overtly acidic, which makes the cola and cherry flavors ring and seem tangy. Thus it finishes short and scouring.", 'This exceptional effort is packed with sweet and tart fruits, beginning with lemon-lime, then moving through peaches and apricots and on into hints of papaya. Good length and splendid acidity.', "Sweet oak and toast are the lead aromas; underneath you'll find regular cassis and berry notes. The palate is healthy but low in depth and complexity. Tastes woody, spicy and infused with vanilla, while the fruit character is average and the finish a bit resiny. END
START HERE This exceptional effort is packed with sweet and tart fruits, beginning with lemon-lime, then moving through peaches and apricots and on into hints of papaya. Good length and splendid acidity.', "Sweet oak and toast are the lead aromas; underneath you'll find regular cassis and berry notes. The palate is healthy but low in depth and complexity. Tastes woody, spicy and infused with vanilla, while the fruit character is average and the finish a bit resiny.", 'This refreshing aromatic wine will appeal to the sailors with its nautical theme. It is light and fruity, just touched by spice and with lemon and red-currant fruitiness. The wine is lively and bright at the end. END
START HERE Sweet oak and toast are the lead aromas; underneath you'll find regular cassis and berry notes. The palate is healthy but low in depth and complexity. Tastes woody, spicy and infused with vanilla, while the fruit character is average and the finish a bit resiny.", 'This refreshing aromatic wine will appeal to the sailors with its nautical theme. It is light and fruity, just touched by spice and with lemon and red-currant fruitiness. The wine is lively and bright at the end.', 'Intense mineral tones of smoke and crushed slate collide with fresh red cherry and raspberry flavors on the palate of this bang-for-your-buck rosé. Its concentrated fruit flavors are luscious and satisfying but also vibrantly structured, proving dexterous beyond the apéritif hour. END
START HERE This refreshing aromatic wine will appeal to the sailors with its nautical theme. It is light and fruity, just touched by spice and with lemon and red-currant fruitiness. The wine is lively and bright at the end.', 'Intense mineral tones of smoke and crushed slate collide with fresh red cherry and raspberry flavors on the palate of this bang-for-your-buck rosé. Its concentrated fruit flavors are luscious and satisfying but also vibrantly structured, proving dexterous beyond the apéritif hour.', 'Less successful than some previous bottlings under this label, the 2008 seems earthier and less fruit-forward, with coffee and tree bark notes dominating this medium-bodied wine. The blend is 55% Grenache, 30% Syrah and 15% Mourvèdre. END
START HERE Intense mineral tones of smoke and crushed slate collide with fresh red cherry and raspberry flavors on the palate of this bang-for-your-buck rosé. Its concentrated fruit flavors are luscious and satisfying but also vibrantly structured, proving dexterous beyond the apéritif hour.', 'Less successful than some previous bottlings under this label, the 2008 seems earthier and less fruit-forward, with coffee and tree bark notes dominating this medium-bodied wine. The blend is 55% Grenache, 30% Syrah and 15% Mourvèdre.', 'A good, dry Chardonnay that gets the job done at a fair price. Shows peaches and cream flavors with a bit of sharpness and green herbs on the finish. END
START HERE Less successful than some previous bottlings under this label, the 2008 seems earthier and less fruit-forward, with coffee and tree bark notes dominating this medium-bodied wine. The blend is 55% Grenache, 30% Syrah and 15% Mourvèdre.', 'A good, dry Chardonnay that gets the job done at a fair price. Shows peaches and cream flavors with a bit of sharpness and green herbs on the finish.', "From his base above Cornas, Jean-Luc Colombo has reached toward the Mediterranean to blend this crisp, refreshing blend of Syrah, Mourvèdre and Counoise. There's a touch of strawberry, but more citrus, with a mouthwatering finish. Drink now. END
START HERE A good, dry Chardonnay that gets the job done at a fair price. Shows peaches and cream flavors with a bit of sharpness and green herbs on the finish.', "From his base above Cornas, Jean-Luc Colombo has reached toward the Mediterranean to blend this crisp, refreshing blend of Syrah, Mourvèdre and Counoise. There's a touch of strawberry, but more citrus, with a mouthwatering finish. Drink now.", "The wood aging is still showing in this young wine that needs time. Dry, firm and toasty, it also has the light, fruity character of the 2013 vintage with raspberry, blueberry and acidity that's still too intense. Drink from 2016. END
START HERE From his base above Cornas, Jean-Luc Colombo has reached toward the Mediterranean to blend this crisp, refreshing blend of Syrah, Mourvèdre and Counoise. There's a touch of strawberry, but more citrus, with a mouthwatering finish. Drink now.", "The wood aging is still showing in this young wine that needs time. Dry, firm and toasty, it also has the light, fruity character of the 2013 vintage with raspberry, blueberry and acidity that's still too intense. Drink from 2016.", 'A solid entry into the everyday Cabernet sweepstakes. Shows ripe, juicy blackberry, cassis and spice flavors in a smooth, polished texture whose tannins cry out for steaks and chops. END
START HERE The wood aging is still showing in this young wine that needs time. Dry, firm and toasty, it also has the light, fruity character of the 2013 vintage with raspberry, blueberry and acidity that's still too intense. Drink from 2016.", 'A solid entry into the everyday Cabernet sweepstakes. Shows ripe, juicy blackberry, cassis and spice flavors in a smooth, polished texture whose tannins cry out for steaks and chops.', "Dusty orange and nectarine aromas are on target. This is basic and citrusy in feel, with mild orange and stone-fruit flavors that fade quickly. A fresh finish isn't that flavorful but hangs around nicely due to healthy core acidity. END
START HERE A solid entry into the everyday Cabernet sweepstakes. Shows ripe, juicy blackberry, cassis and spice flavors in a smooth, polished texture whose tannins cry out for steaks and chops.', "Dusty orange and nectarine aromas are on target. This is basic and citrusy in feel, with mild orange and stone-fruit flavors that fade quickly. A fresh finish isn't that flavorful but hangs around nicely due to healthy core acidity.", 'Fresh red cherry aromas and crisp black cherry flavors carry this light-bodied, moderately tannic wine. Good acidity and those bright flavors will make it an easy pairing with different meat, fowl and pasta dishes. END
START HERE Dusty orange and nectarine aromas are on target. This is basic and citrusy in feel, with mild orange and stone-fruit flavors that fade quickly. A fresh finish isn't that flavorful but hangs around nicely due to healthy core acidity.", 'Fresh red cherry aromas and crisp black cherry flavors carry this light-bodied, moderately tannic wine. Good acidity and those bright flavors will make it an easy pairing with different meat, fowl and pasta dishes.', "Tart tangerine and grapefruit notes seem to be glazed with honey in this simple yet fresh and easy-quaffing Riesling. It's off-dry in style with a brisk, thirst quenching gulpability. Enjoy now. END
START HERE Fresh red cherry aromas and crisp black cherry flavors carry this light-bodied, moderately tannic wine. Good acidity and those bright flavors will make it an easy pairing with different meat, fowl and pasta dishes.', "Tart tangerine and grapefruit notes seem to be glazed with honey in this simple yet fresh and easy-quaffing Riesling. It's off-dry in style with a brisk, thirst quenching gulpability. Enjoy now.", 'In a word, wow. What a wonderful Cabernet Sauvignon. It has got to be one of the best buys out there, so rich and smooth in berry, cherry, currant and spice flavors. Only 640 cases were produced, but worth a search. Drink now. END
START HERE Tart tangerine and grapefruit notes seem to be glazed with honey in this simple yet fresh and easy-quaffing Riesling. It's off-dry in style with a brisk, thirst quenching gulpability. Enjoy now.", 'In a word, wow. What a wonderful Cabernet Sauvignon. It has got to be one of the best buys out there, so rich and smooth in berry, cherry, currant and spice flavors. Only 640 cases were produced, but worth a search. Drink now.', 'Bland apple and citrus aromas are oaky, with a note of popcorn. This feels plump and short on core acidity. Melon, applesauce and oak-resin flavors finish flat and with a flavor note of fresh butter. END
START HERE In a word, wow. What a wonderful Cabernet Sauvignon. It has got to be one of the best buys out there, so rich and smooth in berry, cherry, currant and spice flavors. Only 640 cases were produced, but worth a search. Drink now.', 'Bland apple and citrus aromas are oaky, with a note of popcorn. This feels plump and short on core acidity. Melon, applesauce and oak-resin flavors finish flat and with a flavor note of fresh butter.', 'Pear and apple aromas are light and oaky but nothing out of the ordinary. A creamy palate is just vital enough, while woody flavors of barrel spice run side by side with peach and melon notes. A clean, mild finish provides for a good ending. END
START HERE Bland apple and citrus aromas are oaky, with a note of popcorn. This feels plump and short on core acidity. Melon, applesauce and oak-resin flavors finish flat and with a flavor note of fresh butter.', 'Pear and apple aromas are light and oaky but nothing out of the ordinary. A creamy palate is just vital enough, while woody flavors of barrel spice run side by side with peach and melon notes. A clean, mild finish provides for a good ending.', 'Aromas of milk chocolate, herb, plum and cherry are followed by a palate full of cherry and chocolate flavors that persist on the finish. The tannins bring astringency that provides some distraction. END
START HERE Pear and apple aromas are light and oaky but nothing out of the ordinary. A creamy palate is just vital enough, while woody flavors of barrel spice run side by side with peach and melon notes. A clean, mild finish provides for a good ending.', 'Aromas of milk chocolate, herb, plum and cherry are followed by a palate full of cherry and chocolate flavors that persist on the finish. The tannins bring astringency that provides some distraction.', 'Crusty berry aromas are toasty and tarry. This feels flush and solid, with good body and structure. On the palate, this tastes fresh and lightly herbal, with spiced berry as the core flavor. A minty, lightly toasted and spicy finish provides a nice ending. END
START HERE Aromas of milk chocolate, herb, plum and cherry are followed by a palate full of cherry and chocolate flavors that persist on the finish. The tannins bring astringency that provides some distraction.', 'Crusty berry aromas are toasty and tarry. This feels flush and solid, with good body and structure. On the palate, this tastes fresh and lightly herbal, with spiced berry as the core flavor. A minty, lightly toasted and spicy finish provides a nice ending', 'Light in color, the wine is equally light in flavor–a soft, gentle wine with only hints of tannins. Fruity without much depth, it is ready to drink, . END
START HERE Crusty berry aromas are toasty and tarry. This feels flush and solid, with good body and structure. On the palate, this tastes fresh and lightly herbal, with spiced berry as the core flavor. A minty, lightly toasted and spicy finish provides a nice ending', 'Light in color, the wine is equally light in flavor–a soft, gentle wine with only hints of tannins. Fruity without much depth, it is ready to drink, .', "Lapostolle's basic Cab scores big in the fine '01 vintage. It features a deep nose of tire rubber, blackberry and rusticity. The palate is high-octane and deep, with plenty of ripe, tannic black fruit. And the finish is round and lengthy. It should age well for a couple of years. Editors' Choice. END
START HERE Light in color, the wine is equally light in flavor–a soft, gentle wine with only hints of tannins. Fruity without much depth, it is ready to drink, .', "Lapostolle's basic Cab scores big in the fine '01 vintage. It features a deep nose of tire rubber, blackberry and rusticity. The palate is high-octane and deep, with plenty of ripe, tannic black fruit. And the finish is round and lengthy. It should age well for a couple of years. Editors' Choice.", 'A blend of Teroldego, Lagrein and Merlot, this deeply colored, informal red doles out crushed blackberry and mature black cherry flavors backed up by notes of ground pepper and espresso. Round tannins and tangy acidity provide support. END
START HERE Lapostolle's basic Cab scores big in the fine '01 vintage. It features a deep nose of tire rubber, blackberry and rusticity. The palate is high-octane and deep, with plenty of ripe, tannic black fruit. And the finish is round and lengthy. It should age well for a couple of years. Editors' Choice.", 'A blend of Teroldego, Lagrein and Merlot, this deeply colored, informal red doles out crushed blackberry and mature black cherry flavors backed up by notes of ground pepper and espresso. Round tannins and tangy acidity provide support.', 'Largely neutral aromas touch on melon, peach and toast. This is smooth and melony on the palate, with flavors of bitter nut skins, melon, banana and papaya. A touch of bitterness rises up on the finish. END
START HERE A blend of Teroldego, Lagrein and Merlot, this deeply colored, informal red doles out crushed blackberry and mature black cherry flavors backed up by notes of ground pepper and espresso. Round tannins and tangy acidity provide support.', 'Largely neutral aromas touch on melon, peach and toast. This is smooth and melony on the palate, with flavors of bitter nut skins, melon, banana and papaya. A touch of bitterness rises up on the finish.', "Where else in this country can you find $12 Pinot with actual varietal character? Yes, it's quite young, light, lean, tart and even simple, but it does taste like the grape it's made from, and avoids the vegetal and the overtly leathery qualities of many of its rivals. Gentle flavors of raspberry and cherry are supported with juicy acids and hints of spice. This would be a lovely companion to a simple roast chicken. END
START HERE Largely neutral aromas touch on melon, peach and toast. This is smooth and melony on the palate, with flavors of bitter nut skins, melon, banana and papaya. A touch of bitterness rises up on the finish.', "Where else in this country can you find $12 Pinot with actual varietal character? Yes, it's quite young, light, lean, tart and even simple, but it does taste like the grape it's made from, and avoids the vegetal and the overtly leathery qualities of many of its rivals. Gentle flavors of raspberry and cherry are supported with juicy acids and hints of spice. This would be a lovely companion to a simple roast chicken.", 'Full, forward, fleshy nose shows lots of bright, spicy fruit. Unlike a lot of lower cost Zins, this wine has a lot of sweet fruit, and enough body and weight to carry through past the nose into a big, satisfying finish. Nice toast, plenty of acid, a bit hot in the finish. END
START HERE Where else in this country can you find $12 Pinot with actual varietal character? Yes, it's quite young, light, lean, tart and even simple, but it does taste like the grape it's made from, and avoids the vegetal and the overtly leathery qualities of many of its rivals. Gentle flavors of raspberry and cherry are supported with juicy acids and hints of spice. This would be a lovely companion to a simple roast chicken.", 'Full, forward, fleshy nose shows lots of bright, spicy fruit. Unlike a lot of lower cost Zins, this wine has a lot of sweet fruit, and enough body and weight to carry through past the nose into a big, satisfying finish. Nice toast, plenty of acid, a bit hot in the finish.', 'With dark-berry aromas and pointed toughness, this is a solid wine with creamy oak, some stickiness and a lactic element. Flavors of herbal dark fruits and minty oak lead to a dry, minty, hot and spicy finish with more than enough residual oak flavor. END
START HERE Full, forward, fleshy nose shows lots of bright, spicy fruit. Unlike a lot of lower cost Zins, this wine has a lot of sweet fruit, and enough body and weight to carry through past the nose into a big, satisfying finish. Nice toast, plenty of acid, a bit hot in the finish.', 'With dark-berry aromas and pointed toughness, this is a solid wine with creamy oak, some stickiness and a lactic element. Flavors of herbal dark fruits and minty oak lead to a dry, minty, hot and spicy finish with more than enough residual oak flavor.', 'Although the bouquet is a touch herbal and raspy, this Cab offers good balance and body in the mouth along with plum, cherry, cassis and spice in moderate measures. A bright, fresh-feeling finish ensures a positive lasting impression. END
START HERE With dark-berry aromas and pointed toughness, this is a solid wine with creamy oak, some stickiness and a lactic element. Flavors of herbal dark fruits and minty oak lead to a dry, minty, hot and spicy finish with more than enough residual oak flavor.', 'Although the bouquet is a touch herbal and raspy, this Cab offers good balance and body in the mouth along with plum, cherry, cassis and spice in moderate measures. A bright, fresh-feeling finish ensures a positive lasting impression.', "This is a simple but well made Bardolino that offers dark cherry and raspberry flavors with notes of black pepper. Fresh and enjoyable, it's perfect to accompany everyday fare, from light pastas to burgers. END
START HERE Although the bouquet is a touch herbal and raspy, this Cab offers good balance and body in the mouth along with plum, cherry, cassis and spice in moderate measures. A bright, fresh-feeling finish ensures a positive lasting impression.', "This is a simple but well made Bardolino that offers dark cherry and raspberry flavors with notes of black pepper. Fresh and enjoyable, it's perfect to accompany everyday fare, from light pastas to burgers.", 'In this generous, fruity wine, rich flavors are cut by grapefruit acidity and aromatic herbs. The texture is full in the mouth with good refreshing flavors as well a juicy, aftertaste. END
START HERE This is a simple but well made Bardolino that offers dark cherry and raspberry flavors with notes of black pepper. Fresh and enjoyable, it's perfect to accompany everyday fare, from light pastas to burgers.", 'In this generous, fruity wine, rich flavors are cut by grapefruit acidity and aromatic herbs. The texture is full in the mouth with good refreshing flavors as well a juicy, aftertaste.', "Blending Cabernet, Carmenère and Petit Verdot could only happen in Chile, and here it takes on a candied, simple personality that will please undemanding palates but may bore those seeking more. If you're after red-berry flavors, body and alcohol, this wine fits the bill. END
START HERE In this generous, fruity wine, rich flavors are cut by grapefruit acidity and aromatic herbs. The texture is full in the mouth with good refreshing flavors as well a juicy, aftertaste.', "Blending Cabernet, Carmenère and Petit Verdot could only happen in Chile, and here it takes on a candied, simple personality that will please undemanding palates but may bore those seeking more. If you're after red-berry flavors, body and alcohol, this wine fits the bill.", 'The apple, pear and spice aromas and flavors display freshness. There is no apparent new oak influence, putting the focus on varietal purity. The finish lingers. END
START HERE Blending Cabernet, Carmenère and Petit Verdot could only happen in Chile, and here it takes on a candied, simple personality that will please undemanding palates but may bore those seeking more. If you're after red-berry flavors, body and alcohol, this wine fits the bill.", 'The apple, pear and spice aromas and flavors display freshness. There is no apparent new oak influence, putting the focus on varietal purity. The finish lingers.', 'Smelling sweet of candied orange and jasmine, this majority SB with about a quarter Sémillion blended in has pleasing flavors and textures and is crisp, a nice effort from the husband and wife winemaking team at this longstanding Sierra Foothills stalwart. END
START HERE The apple, pear and spice aromas and flavors display freshness. There is no apparent new oak influence, putting the focus on varietal purity. The finish lingers.', 'Smelling sweet of candied orange and jasmine, this majority SB with about a quarter Sémillion blended in has pleasing flavors and textures and is crisp, a nice effort from the husband and wife winemaking team at this longstanding Sierra Foothills stalwart.', "Estampa's new crop of wines seem to be hit-and-miss. This blend of Syrah and 35% Cabernet and Merlot is a bit herbal and heavy. The palate shows prune flavors along with more generic red-fruit notes; finishes coarse. Not terrible but not interesting either. END
START HERE Smelling sweet of candied orange and jasmine, this majority SB with about a quarter Sémillion blended in has pleasing flavors and textures and is crisp, a nice effort from the husband and wife winemaking team at this longstanding Sierra Foothills stalwart.', "Estampa's new crop of wines seem to be hit-and-miss. This blend of Syrah and 35% Cabernet and Merlot is a bit herbal and heavy. The palate shows prune flavors along with more generic red-fruit notes; finishes coarse. Not terrible but not interesting either.", "Flat and dull in the nose, with only a touch of apple along with plenty of leftover wood. The palate is thick and woody, and there just isn't ample fruit to offset the oakiness. END
START HERE Estampa's new crop of wines seem to be hit-and-miss. This blend of Syrah and 35% Cabernet and Merlot is a bit herbal and heavy. The palate shows prune flavors along with more generic red-fruit notes; finishes coarse. Not terrible but not interesting either.", "Flat and dull in the nose, with only a touch of apple along with plenty of leftover wood. The palate is thick and woody, and there just isn't ample fruit to offset the oakiness.", 'Lime leaf, white peach and mineral aromas rise up from the glass, with botrytis adding a grace note. The spritzy stone fruit flavors are off dry and show spot on balance. END
START HERE Flat and dull in the nose, with only a touch of apple along with plenty of leftover wood. The palate is thick and woody, and there just isn't ample fruit to offset the oakiness.", 'Lime leaf, white peach and mineral aromas rise up from the glass, with botrytis adding a grace note. The spritzy stone fruit flavors are off dry and show spot on balance.', "Red wine doesn't get much smoother—and values in Pinot Noir don't get much better—than this. The wine has attractive red- and black-cherry aromas, a sense of richness on the palate and a silky mouthfeel that's hard to resist. Subtlety and restraint keep this wine from tiring the taste buds. END
START HERE Lime leaf, white peach and mineral aromas rise up from the glass, with botrytis adding a grace note. The spritzy stone fruit flavors are off dry and show spot on balance.', "Red wine doesn't get much smoother—and values in Pinot Noir don't get much better—than this. The wine has attractive red- and black-cherry aromas, a sense of richness on the palate and a silky mouthfeel that's hard to resist. Subtlety and restraint keep this wine from tiring the taste buds.", "It's pretty easy pegging this for Chilean SB; the nose is full of grass, lettuce leaf and bell pepper along with citrus. Feels fresh and deep, with good cut and pointed flavors of green bean and lychee. Runs heavy on the bell pepper and capsicum. END
START HERE Red wine doesn't get much smoother—and values in Pinot Noir don't get much better—than this. The wine has attractive red- and black-cherry aromas, a sense of richness on the palate and a silky mouthfeel that's hard to resist. Subtlety and restraint keep this wine from tiring the taste buds.", "It's pretty easy pegging this for Chilean SB; the nose is full of grass, lettuce leaf and bell pepper along with citrus. Feels fresh and deep, with good cut and pointed flavors of green bean and lychee. Runs heavy on the bell pepper and capsicum.", 'An uneasy mix of steel and butter, this may just need a bit more time to settle. At the moment, the twin elements of metal and popcorn clash and compete. For those who love the buttery style, this should prove pleasing. END
START HERE It's pretty easy pegging this for Chilean SB; the nose is full of grass, lettuce leaf and bell pepper along with citrus. Feels fresh and deep, with good cut and pointed flavors of green bean and lychee. Runs heavy on the bell pepper and capsicum.", 'An uneasy mix of steel and butter, this may just need a bit more time to settle. At the moment, the twin elements of metal and popcorn clash and compete. For those who love the buttery style, this should prove pleasing.', 'Clean and fresh, this value-priced southern Oregon Chardonnay offers balanced, elegant flavors of flower and fruit. Notes of apple and pear are front and center, with hints of white peach and cinnamon. END
START HERE An uneasy mix of steel and butter, this may just need a bit more time to settle. At the moment, the twin elements of metal and popcorn clash and compete. For those who love the buttery style, this should prove pleasing.', 'Clean and fresh, this value-priced southern Oregon Chardonnay offers balanced, elegant flavors of flower and fruit. Notes of apple and pear are front and center, with hints of white peach and cinnamon.', 'Fresh red berry flavors and crisp acidity give this light and almost dry wine an attractive crisp quality. A squeeze of lemon adds to the freshness. END
START HERE Clean and fresh, this value-priced southern Oregon Chardonnay offers balanced, elegant flavors of flower and fruit. Notes of apple and pear are front and center, with hints of white peach and cinnamon.', 'Fresh red berry flavors and crisp acidity give this light and almost dry wine an attractive crisp quality. A squeeze of lemon adds to the freshness.', 'This crisp, lively blend of Niellucciu (Sangiovese) and Grenache is deliciously refreshing. Its acidity and orange fruitiness are lifted by its tight texture and bright aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE Fresh red berry flavors and crisp acidity give this light and almost dry wine an attractive crisp quality. A squeeze of lemon adds to the freshness.', 'This crisp, lively blend of Niellucciu (Sangiovese) and Grenache is deliciously refreshing. Its acidity and orange fruitiness are lifted by its tight texture and bright aftertaste. Drink now.', "A useful Zin, rich and sweet and savory. Blended for complexity with Syrah and Petite Sirah, it's satisfying in black cherry, red licorice and cola flavors, sprinkled with black pepper and baking spices. Easy to drink with barbecue, burgers and such. END
START HERE This crisp, lively blend of Niellucciu (Sangiovese) and Grenache is deliciously refreshing. Its acidity and orange fruitiness are lifted by its tight texture and bright aftertaste. Drink now.', "A useful Zin, rich and sweet and savory. Blended for complexity with Syrah and Petite Sirah, it's satisfying in black cherry, red licorice and cola flavors, sprinkled with black pepper and baking spices. Easy to drink with barbecue, burgers and such.", 'Quite piercing on the nose, with unyielding cherry and hard-spice aromas. The palate is also intense, with saturated black cherry and raspberry flavors riding rough on a tight frame. Not the most friendly and easy Malbec. END
START HERE A useful Zin, rich and sweet and savory. Blended for complexity with Syrah and Petite Sirah, it's satisfying in black cherry, red licorice and cola flavors, sprinkled with black pepper and baking spices. Easy to drink with barbecue, burgers and such.", 'Quite piercing on the nose, with unyielding cherry and hard-spice aromas. The palate is also intense, with saturated black cherry and raspberry flavors riding rough on a tight frame. Not the most friendly and easy Malbec.', 'Earthy, gritty berry aromas announce a jammy palate with modest acidic bounce. Following the nose, this Malbec tastes earthy, jammy and a touch herbal. A lively finish with solid fruit flavors and juicy acidity provides for a nice close. END
START HERE Quite piercing on the nose, with unyielding cherry and hard-spice aromas. The palate is also intense, with saturated black cherry and raspberry flavors riding rough on a tight frame. Not the most friendly and easy Malbec.', 'Earthy, gritty berry aromas announce a jammy palate with modest acidic bounce. Following the nose, this Malbec tastes earthy, jammy and a touch herbal. A lively finish with solid fruit flavors and juicy acidity provides for a nice close.', 'Crisp aromas of zesty citrus fold in touches of brine and bitterness. Fresh and peppery on the palate, it has pyrazinic flavors of bell pepper, arugula and passion fruit. A juicy, briny, mildly bitter finish is typical for Leyda SB. END
START HERE Earthy, gritty berry aromas announce a jammy palate with modest acidic bounce. Following the nose, this Malbec tastes earthy, jammy and a touch herbal. A lively finish with solid fruit flavors and juicy acidity provides for a nice close.', 'Crisp aromas of zesty citrus fold in touches of brine and bitterness. Fresh and peppery on the palate, it has pyrazinic flavors of bell pepper, arugula and passion fruit. A juicy, briny, mildly bitter finish is typical for Leyda SB.', 'Ripe and smooth, this is rich with red berries. A touch of pepper accompanies a zesty texture that backs up the fruitiness. Drink now. END
START HERE Crisp aromas of zesty citrus fold in touches of brine and bitterness. Fresh and peppery on the palate, it has pyrazinic flavors of bell pepper, arugula and passion fruit. A juicy, briny, mildly bitter finish is typical for Leyda SB.', 'Ripe and smooth, this is rich with red berries. A touch of pepper accompanies a zesty texture that backs up the fruitiness. Drink now.', 'Cherry and plum aromas are generic. This feels fresh, with a tight grip and resiny oak. Cherry flavors come with grainy, slightly bitter oak notes, while this finishes dry, woody and raw in feel. END
START HERE Ripe and smooth, this is rich with red berries. A touch of pepper accompanies a zesty texture that backs up the fruitiness. Drink now.', 'Cherry and plum aromas are generic. This feels fresh, with a tight grip and resiny oak. Cherry flavors come with grainy, slightly bitter oak notes, while this finishes dry, woody and raw in feel.', "Scents of lime and orange flower are pretty on this off-dry Riesling, accenting flavors of savory apple and preserved yellow peach. It's zingy in acidity, finishing moderately long on a dried herb note. END
START HERE Cherry and plum aromas are generic. This feels fresh, with a tight grip and resiny oak. Cherry flavors come with grainy, slightly bitter oak notes, while this finishes dry, woody and raw in feel.', "Scents of lime and orange flower are pretty on this off-dry Riesling, accenting flavors of savory apple and preserved yellow peach. It's zingy in acidity, finishing moderately long on a dried herb note.", "Bright and fresh, this is a delicate rosé, showing both fruitiness and some structure. Strawberry dusted with pepper lends a spicy berry character throughout. It's not for aging, so drink now. END
START HERE Scents of lime and orange flower are pretty on this off-dry Riesling, accenting flavors of savory apple and preserved yellow peach. It's zingy in acidity, finishing moderately long on a dried herb note.", "Bright and fresh, this is a delicate rosé, showing both fruitiness and some structure. Strawberry dusted with pepper lends a spicy berry character throughout. It's not for aging, so drink now.", 'With plenty of acidity and tannins, this wine is almost trying to be a young red. Drink it like that with food and it will be worth it. The aftertaste has pepper and attractive spice. END
START HERE Bright and fresh, this is a delicate rosé, showing both fruitiness and some structure. Strawberry dusted with pepper lends a spicy berry character throughout. It's not for aging, so drink now.", 'With plenty of acidity and tannins, this wine is almost trying to be a young red. Drink it like that with food and it will be worth it. The aftertaste has pepper and attractive spice.', 'This wine smells yeasty, a character that follows through on the palate. It is soft and round, conveying ripe red fruits without freshness. It reveals bitter acidity at the end. END
START HERE With plenty of acidity and tannins, this wine is almost trying to be a young red. Drink it like that with food and it will be worth it. The aftertaste has pepper and attractive spice.', 'This wine smells yeasty, a character that follows through on the palate. It is soft and round, conveying ripe red fruits without freshness. It reveals bitter acidity at the end.', "Woodsy, spicy aromas form a solid opening. There's adequate acidity on the palate along with raspberry, red plum and mild herbal notes. Racy, spicy and just toasty enough to rate well across the finish. END
START HERE This wine smells yeasty, a character that follows through on the palate. It is soft and round, conveying ripe red fruits without freshness. It reveals bitter acidity at the end.', "Woodsy, spicy aromas form a solid opening. There's adequate acidity on the palate along with raspberry, red plum and mild herbal notes. Racy, spicy and just toasty enough to rate well across the finish.", 'A little raw in acidity, with some green olive notes, but the rustic nature works in favor of the wine, grounding its rich blackberry, currant and chocolate flavors with earthiness. Tasted in a flight of much more expensive wines, this Cab did very well. END
START HERE Woodsy, spicy aromas form a solid opening. There's adequate acidity on the palate along with raspberry, red plum and mild herbal notes. Racy, spicy and just toasty enough to rate well across the finish.", 'A little raw in acidity, with some green olive notes, but the rustic nature works in favor of the wine, grounding its rich blackberry, currant and chocolate flavors with earthiness. Tasted in a flight of much more expensive wines, this Cab did very well.', 'Ripe notes of pineapple and firm guava are framed by bracing acidity that lends a slight prickle to the palate. Flavors of sweet grass and Key lime develop and carry onto the clean finish. Drink now. END
START HERE A little raw in acidity, with some green olive notes, but the rustic nature works in favor of the wine, grounding its rich blackberry, currant and chocolate flavors with earthiness. Tasted in a flight of much more expensive wines, this Cab did very well.', 'Ripe notes of pineapple and firm guava are framed by bracing acidity that lends a slight prickle to the palate. Flavors of sweet grass and Key lime develop and carry onto the clean finish. Drink now.', "As sweet as a dessert drink, with sugared pineapple juice, vanilla custard and spice flavors. Yet it's balanced with crisp acidity, and finishes clean. If this is your style, it's for you. END
START HERE Ripe notes of pineapple and firm guava are framed by bracing acidity that lends a slight prickle to the palate. Flavors of sweet grass and Key lime develop and carry onto the clean finish. Drink now.', "As sweet as a dessert drink, with sugared pineapple juice, vanilla custard and spice flavors. Yet it's balanced with crisp acidity, and finishes clean. If this is your style, it's for you.", 'This is tasty, quite ripe and bold in flavor but comfortable in mouthfeel. Soft tannins are apparent and lend some grip to the texture while the acidity is very low and the finish short. END
START HERE As sweet as a dessert drink, with sugared pineapple juice, vanilla custard and spice flavors. Yet it's balanced with crisp acidity, and finishes clean. If this is your style, it's for you.", 'This is tasty, quite ripe and bold in flavor but comfortable in mouthfeel. Soft tannins are apparent and lend some grip to the texture while the acidity is very low and the finish short.', "Shiny pink in color, with youthful, crisp aromas of cherry and watermelon. Zesty and fresh on the tongue, with spunky cherry and raspberry flavors that finish with natural sweetness. Candied to an extent, but mostly it's fresh and balanced. END
START HERE This is tasty, quite ripe and bold in flavor but comfortable in mouthfeel. Soft tannins are apparent and lend some grip to the texture while the acidity is very low and the finish short.', "Shiny pink in color, with youthful, crisp aromas of cherry and watermelon. Zesty and fresh on the tongue, with spunky cherry and raspberry flavors that finish with natural sweetness. Candied to an extent, but mostly it's fresh and balanced.", 'Soft, subtle flavors of classic Chardonnay mingle with warming spice in this friendly but simple white. Pair with salad or seafood. END
START HERE Shiny pink in color, with youthful, crisp aromas of cherry and watermelon. Zesty and fresh on the tongue, with spunky cherry and raspberry flavors that finish with natural sweetness. Candied to an extent, but mostly it's fresh and balanced.", 'Soft, subtle flavors of classic Chardonnay mingle with warming spice in this friendly but simple white. Pair with salad or seafood.', 'Good value in an everyday Merlot. Smooth and plush in texture, the ripe flavors include cherries, blackberries, mocha, dried herbs and peppery spices, with a touch of toasty oak. END
START HERE Soft, subtle flavors of classic Chardonnay mingle with warming spice in this friendly but simple white. Pair with salad or seafood.', 'Good value in an everyday Merlot. Smooth and plush in texture, the ripe flavors include cherries, blackberries, mocha, dried herbs and peppery spices, with a touch of toasty oak.', 'Simple and sweet. Tastes like canned juices of pineapples, peaches and pears, with a hint of vanilla and smoke. END
START HERE Good value in an everyday Merlot. Smooth and plush in texture, the ripe flavors include cherries, blackberries, mocha, dried herbs and peppery spices, with a touch of toasty oak.', 'Simple and sweet. Tastes like canned juices of pineapples, peaches and pears, with a hint of vanilla and smoke.', 'Good price for a Cab this succulent. Shows lots of rich, upfront blackberry jam and cassis flavors, brightened with crisp acidity. A touch of oak adds a pleasant jacket of smoky-sweet char. END
START HERE Simple and sweet. Tastes like canned juices of pineapples, peaches and pears, with a hint of vanilla and smoke.', 'Good price for a Cab this succulent. Shows lots of rich, upfront blackberry jam and cassis flavors, brightened with crisp acidity. A touch of oak adds a pleasant jacket of smoky-sweet char.', "Nail polish and mulchy fruit don't do a lot to help the wine along. The palate is sweet, cloying and creamy, with milk chocolate flavors on top of simple plum and cherry. Sweet and a bar-worthy red at best. END
START HERE Good price for a Cab this succulent. Shows lots of rich, upfront blackberry jam and cassis flavors, brightened with crisp acidity. A touch of oak adds a pleasant jacket of smoky-sweet char.', "Nail polish and mulchy fruit don't do a lot to help the wine along. The palate is sweet, cloying and creamy, with milk chocolate flavors on top of simple plum and cherry. Sweet and a bar-worthy red at best.", "Made with certified organically grown grapes, this value blend of Sangiovese (80%), Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon opens with jammy fruit tones of cherry or blackberry confiture and plush spice and tobacco notes. There's a moist, chewy quality to this wine and a subtle touch of sweetness, too. END
START HERE Nail polish and mulchy fruit don't do a lot to help the wine along. The palate is sweet, cloying and creamy, with milk chocolate flavors on top of simple plum and cherry. Sweet and a bar-worthy red at best.", "Made with certified organically grown grapes, this value blend of Sangiovese (80%), Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon opens with jammy fruit tones of cherry or blackberry confiture and plush spice and tobacco notes. There's a moist, chewy quality to this wine and a subtle touch of sweetness, too.", "Diluted and ultrasimple, this delivers weak sensations of cooked black-skinned fruit. It's already tired and has an extremely short finish. END
START HERE Made with certified organically grown grapes, this value blend of Sangiovese (80%), Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon opens with jammy fruit tones of cherry or blackberry confiture and plush spice and tobacco notes. There's a moist, chewy quality to this wine and a subtle touch of sweetness, too.", "Diluted and ultrasimple, this delivers weak sensations of cooked black-skinned fruit. It's already tired and has an extremely short finish.", 'This easygoing red opens with black-skinned fruit and baking spice aromas. The straightforward palate displays red plum and leather notes, with a hint of black pepper and pliant tannins. Enjoy soon. END
START HERE Diluted and ultrasimple, this delivers weak sensations of cooked black-skinned fruit. It's already tired and has an extremely short finish.", 'This easygoing red opens with black-skinned fruit and baking spice aromas. The straightforward palate displays red plum and leather notes, with a hint of black pepper and pliant tannins. Enjoy soon.', 'Made from Sangiovese and a bit of Colorino, this has an earthy nose of truffle and underbrush, with a hint of iris and a whiff of leather. Reflecting the forward nature of the vintage, the palate is soft and warm, with sweet wild cherry, plum and round tannins. Drink soon. END
START HERE This easygoing red opens with black-skinned fruit and baking spice aromas. The straightforward palate displays red plum and leather notes, with a hint of black pepper and pliant tannins. Enjoy soon.', 'Made from Sangiovese and a bit of Colorino, this has an earthy nose of truffle and underbrush, with a hint of iris and a whiff of leather. Reflecting the forward nature of the vintage, the palate is soft and warm, with sweet wild cherry, plum and round tannins. Drink soon.', 'Not exactly a world-class white wine but at least it smells and tastes like Chardonnay. The nose offers some butter and lemon curd, while the palate is jumpy and tastes like a mix of pear, apple and spice. A fresh, young wine that should be drunk soon. END
START HERE Made from Sangiovese and a bit of Colorino, this has an earthy nose of truffle and underbrush, with a hint of iris and a whiff of leather. Reflecting the forward nature of the vintage, the palate is soft and warm, with sweet wild cherry, plum and round tannins. Drink soon.', 'Not exactly a world-class white wine but at least it smells and tastes like Chardonnay. The nose offers some butter and lemon curd, while the palate is jumpy and tastes like a mix of pear, apple and spice. A fresh, young wine that should be drunk soon.', 'Underbrush, dark berry and pressed violet aromas waft out of the glass. On the simple, easy-drinking palate, notes of cooking spice accent the black cherry core. Soft tannins and fresh acidity provide support. Drink soon. END
START HERE Not exactly a world-class white wine but at least it smells and tastes like Chardonnay. The nose offers some butter and lemon curd, while the palate is jumpy and tastes like a mix of pear, apple and spice. A fresh, young wine that should be drunk soon.', 'Underbrush, dark berry and pressed violet aromas waft out of the glass. On the simple, easy-drinking palate, notes of cooking spice accent the black cherry core. Soft tannins and fresh acidity provide support. Drink soon.', 'This Cab has all of the classic notes one would expect: rich dark berry fruit, black plum skin, cigar tobacco and black currant leaf are all front and center. The tannins are surprisingly firm and tightly structured, but the nuances of milk chocolate sauce and graham cracker crumb add decadence to the finish. END
START HERE Underbrush, dark berry and pressed violet aromas waft out of the glass. On the simple, easy-drinking palate, notes of cooking spice accent the black cherry core. Soft tannins and fresh acidity provide support. Drink soon.', 'This Cab has all of the classic notes one would expect: rich dark berry fruit, black plum skin, cigar tobacco and black currant leaf are all front and center. The tannins are surprisingly firm and tightly structured, but the nuances of milk chocolate sauce and graham cracker crumb add decadence to the finish.', 'This wine has a rich background to support its perfumed red fruits. Raspberry and mandarin-orange flavors roll around the mouth easily, with only the lightest sense of structure. It is an immediately attractive, balanced wine. END
START HERE This Cab has all of the classic notes one would expect: rich dark berry fruit, black plum skin, cigar tobacco and black currant leaf are all front and center. The tannins are surprisingly firm and tightly structured, but the nuances of milk chocolate sauce and graham cracker crumb add decadence to the finish.', 'This wine has a rich background to support its perfumed red fruits. Raspberry and mandarin-orange flavors roll around the mouth easily, with only the lightest sense of structure. It is an immediately attractive, balanced wine.', 'Drawing a blend of Merlot, Tannat and Syrah from several regions in southwest France, this soft and fruity wine is light with a juicy mix of acidity and dry tannins. Berry fruits and a fresh aftertaste suggest it is ready to drink now. END
START HERE This wine has a rich background to support its perfumed red fruits. Raspberry and mandarin-orange flavors roll around the mouth easily, with only the lightest sense of structure. It is an immediately attractive, balanced wine.', 'Drawing a blend of Merlot, Tannat and Syrah from several regions in southwest France, this soft and fruity wine is light with a juicy mix of acidity and dry tannins. Berry fruits and a fresh aftertaste suggest it is ready to drink now.', 'This blend of 60% Grenache and 40% Syrah offers restrained fruit and medium body. Struck flint marks the nose, while the palate is slightly ungenerous, dominated by underripe stone fruit flavors. The finish is clean and dry. END
START HERE Drawing a blend of Merlot, Tannat and Syrah from several regions in southwest France, this soft and fruity wine is light with a juicy mix of acidity and dry tannins. Berry fruits and a fresh aftertaste suggest it is ready to drink now.', 'This blend of 60% Grenache and 40% Syrah offers restrained fruit and medium body. Struck flint marks the nose, while the palate is slightly ungenerous, dominated by underripe stone fruit flavors. The finish is clean and dry.', 'A fine, soft-tannined Cab made from Lodi Rules grapes missing some body in the midpalate, but otherwise fair for the $12 price. END
START HERE This blend of 60% Grenache and 40% Syrah offers restrained fruit and medium body. Struck flint marks the nose, while the palate is slightly ungenerous, dominated by underripe stone fruit flavors. The finish is clean and dry.', 'A fine, soft-tannined Cab made from Lodi Rules grapes missing some body in the midpalate, but otherwise fair for the $12 price.', "A very nice wine that takes the variety's rustic nature and elevates it into elegance, at a good price. The wine is dry and soft, with rewarding red berry, currant, mocha and dusty spice flavors. END
START HERE A fine, soft-tannined Cab made from Lodi Rules grapes missing some body in the midpalate, but otherwise fair for the $12 price.', "A very nice wine that takes the variety's rustic nature and elevates it into elegance, at a good price. The wine is dry and soft, with rewarding red berry, currant, mocha and dusty spice flavors.", 'Round, plump aromas are a bit vegetal, with a suggestion of canned beans and peas. The palate is balanced but full. Pithy flavors of green fruits finish lightly bitter, with notes of arugula, bell pepper and lime. END
START HERE A very nice wine that takes the variety's rustic nature and elevates it into elegance, at a good price. The wine is dry and soft, with rewarding red berry, currant, mocha and dusty spice flavors.", 'Round, plump aromas are a bit vegetal, with a suggestion of canned beans and peas. The palate is balanced but full. Pithy flavors of green fruits finish lightly bitter, with notes of arugula, bell pepper and lime.', "Getting past the giant blast of oak that dominates the bouquet is not an easy task, but the intrepid wood chopper will find another side to this wine, one that's full of bright, juicy black fruit and syrupy core sweetness. Of course, the oak is always present and with that comes mocha, coffee and vanilla notes. Imported by Gascon USA. END
START HERE Round, plump aromas are a bit vegetal, with a suggestion of canned beans and peas. The palate is balanced but full. Pithy flavors of green fruits finish lightly bitter, with notes of arugula, bell pepper and lime.', "Getting past the giant blast of oak that dominates the bouquet is not an easy task, but the intrepid wood chopper will find another side to this wine, one that's full of bright, juicy black fruit and syrupy core sweetness. Of course, the oak is always present and with that comes mocha, coffee and vanilla notes. Imported by Gascon USA.", 'This is a bigger, more forceful wine than its Lindemans stablemate, but not quite as charming. The flavors are earthy and dark, featuring hints of cola and root beer. Finishes with drying tannins. —J.C. END
START HERE Getting past the giant blast of oak that dominates the bouquet is not an easy task, but the intrepid wood chopper will find another side to this wine, one that's full of bright, juicy black fruit and syrupy core sweetness. Of course, the oak is always present and with that comes mocha, coffee and vanilla notes. Imported by Gascon USA.", 'This is a bigger, more forceful wine than its Lindemans stablemate, but not quite as charming. The flavors are earthy and dark, featuring hints of cola and root beer. Finishes with drying tannins. —J.C.', 'Aromas of mealy apple and citrus are less than inviting, while the palate is citrusy but lacking in true Chardonnay character; instead it shows odd flavors of ham and orange juice. Ranks as yet another uninspired Argentine Chard in a long line of such wines. END
START HERE This is a bigger, more forceful wine than its Lindemans stablemate, but not quite as charming. The flavors are earthy and dark, featuring hints of cola and root beer. Finishes with drying tannins. —J.C.', 'Aromas of mealy apple and citrus are less than inviting, while the palate is citrusy but lacking in true Chardonnay character; instead it shows odd flavors of ham and orange juice. Ranks as yet another uninspired Argentine Chard in a long line of such wines.', "Made with organically grown grapes, Pizzolato's ruby-colored Merlot starts off easily enough with focused aromas of wild berries, wet earth and spice. The wine's appearance is thin and simple, and so is the mouthfeel. END
START HERE Aromas of mealy apple and citrus are less than inviting, while the palate is citrusy but lacking in true Chardonnay character; instead it shows odd flavors of ham and orange juice. Ranks as yet another uninspired Argentine Chard in a long line of such wines.', "Made with organically grown grapes, Pizzolato's ruby-colored Merlot starts off easily enough with focused aromas of wild berries, wet earth and spice. The wine's appearance is thin and simple, and so is the mouthfeel.", 'High, brisk acidity is the star in this Central Coast Chard. It gives a good kick to the ripe guava, nectarine, mineral and vanilla flavors. Good value, and very versatile with food. END
START HERE Made with organically grown grapes, Pizzolato's ruby-colored Merlot starts off easily enough with focused aromas of wild berries, wet earth and spice. The wine's appearance is thin and simple, and so is the mouthfeel.", 'High, brisk acidity is the star in this Central Coast Chard. It gives a good kick to the ripe guava, nectarine, mineral and vanilla flavors. Good value, and very versatile with food.', 'The initial impression is of a jammy, almost sweet wine. Later bright berry fruits, some wood and a dense tannin core kick in. With its sweet chocolate and juicy edge, this is a wine ready to drink now. Screwcap. END
START HERE High, brisk acidity is the star in this Central Coast Chard. It gives a good kick to the ripe guava, nectarine, mineral and vanilla flavors. Good value, and very versatile with food.', 'The initial impression is of a jammy, almost sweet wine. Later bright berry fruits, some wood and a dense tannin core kick in. With its sweet chocolate and juicy edge, this is a wine ready to drink now. Screwcap.', "Slightly granular and brambly on the nose, which never really opens up. The palate is round, sweet, a bit medicinal and healthy due to snappy acidity, firm tannins and decent overall structure. Truthfully, it's a straight-down-the-middle wine from a producer that always does this well or better. END
START HERE The initial impression is of a jammy, almost sweet wine. Later bright berry fruits, some wood and a dense tannin core kick in. With its sweet chocolate and juicy edge, this is a wine ready to drink now. Screwcap.', "Slightly granular and brambly on the nose, which never really opens up. The palate is round, sweet, a bit medicinal and healthy due to snappy acidity, firm tannins and decent overall structure. Truthfully, it's a straight-down-the-middle wine from a producer that always does this well or better.", 'Jammy blackberry and plum aromas come with hints of Band-Aid and iodine. This is big and broad on the tongue, but also a little flabby. Flavors of prune, oak, blackberry and licorice finish without much drive. END
START HERE Slightly granular and brambly on the nose, which never really opens up. The palate is round, sweet, a bit medicinal and healthy due to snappy acidity, firm tannins and decent overall structure. Truthfully, it's a straight-down-the-middle wine from a producer that always does this well or better.", 'Jammy blackberry and plum aromas come with hints of Band-Aid and iodine. This is big and broad on the tongue, but also a little flabby. Flavors of prune, oak, blackberry and licorice finish without much drive.', "This wine reflects a fruity, young and fresh style. It's packed with bright red fruits; a soft texture hints at minerality and great acidity. It's made to be drunk young, without any wood aging, so drink now and until 2017. END
START HERE Jammy blackberry and plum aromas come with hints of Band-Aid and iodine. This is big and broad on the tongue, but also a little flabby. Flavors of prune, oak, blackberry and licorice finish without much drive.', "This wine reflects a fruity, young and fresh style. It's packed with bright red fruits; a soft texture hints at minerality and great acidity. It's made to be drunk young, without any wood aging, so drink now and until 2017.", 'Shows the oak and ripe pineapple, apricot and lime flavors you want in a Chardonnay. A little awkward in the mouth, with some overripe notes and a swift finish, but pretty good for the price. END
START HERE This wine reflects a fruity, young and fresh style. It's packed with bright red fruits; a soft texture hints at minerality and great acidity. It's made to be drunk young, without any wood aging, so drink now and until 2017.", 'Shows the oak and ripe pineapple, apricot and lime flavors you want in a Chardonnay. A little awkward in the mouth, with some overripe notes and a swift finish, but pretty good for the price.', 'Red berry and cola aromas come with a cool menthol note. It feels chunky and jammy; the moderate-to-soft acidity creates a rubbery palate, with cherry and plum flavors. The finish turns sweet like caramel and slightly stewed. END
START HERE Shows the oak and ripe pineapple, apricot and lime flavors you want in a Chardonnay. A little awkward in the mouth, with some overripe notes and a swift finish, but pretty good for the price.', 'Red berry and cola aromas come with a cool menthol note. It feels chunky and jammy; the moderate-to-soft acidity creates a rubbery palate, with cherry and plum flavors. The finish turns sweet like caramel and slightly stewed.', 'Saucy tomato, plum and stalky aromas make for a moderately ripe smelling bouquet. Resiny oak gives this wine weight and thickness, while spiced cherry and tea flavors finish smooth in feel and spicy in flavor. END
START HERE Red berry and cola aromas come with a cool menthol note. It feels chunky and jammy; the moderate-to-soft acidity creates a rubbery palate, with cherry and plum flavors. The finish turns sweet like caramel and slightly stewed.', 'Saucy tomato, plum and stalky aromas make for a moderately ripe smelling bouquet. Resiny oak gives this wine weight and thickness, while spiced cherry and tea flavors finish smooth in feel and spicy in flavor.', "Tight and linear on the palate, this is evolving very well for a $12 wine. Struck flint is prominent on the nose, adding a touch of Old World character, while the flavors feature cut grass and citrus. It's light bodied, but remarkably intense on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE Saucy tomato, plum and stalky aromas make for a moderately ripe smelling bouquet. Resiny oak gives this wine weight and thickness, while spiced cherry and tea flavors finish smooth in feel and spicy in flavor.', "Tight and linear on the palate, this is evolving very well for a $12 wine. Struck flint is prominent on the nose, adding a touch of Old World character, while the flavors feature cut grass and citrus. It's light bodied, but remarkably intense on the finish. Drink now.", 'This smells and tastes like a pale Pinot Noir and has some of the body and smooth texture of a red wine, too. Tasty cinnamon, nutmeg and red-cherry flavors get plenty of uplift from zingy acidity, so the balance is great and the finish lingers. END
START HERE Tight and linear on the palate, this is evolving very well for a $12 wine. Struck flint is prominent on the nose, adding a touch of Old World character, while the flavors feature cut grass and citrus. It's light bodied, but remarkably intense on the finish. Drink now.", 'This smells and tastes like a pale Pinot Noir and has some of the body and smooth texture of a red wine, too. Tasty cinnamon, nutmeg and red-cherry flavors get plenty of uplift from zingy acidity, so the balance is great and the finish lingers.', 'This is an easy-drinking blend of many red varieties from a Livermore-based producer who loves both Rhône and Portuguese reds. This is soft and lightly spiced, with cola and cherry notes on the finish. A very good wine for a barbecue or a tailgate. END
START HERE This smells and tastes like a pale Pinot Noir and has some of the body and smooth texture of a red wine, too. Tasty cinnamon, nutmeg and red-cherry flavors get plenty of uplift from zingy acidity, so the balance is great and the finish lingers.', 'This is an easy-drinking blend of many red varieties from a Livermore-based producer who loves both Rhône and Portuguese reds. This is soft and lightly spiced, with cola and cherry notes on the finish. A very good wine for a barbecue or a tailgate.', "This is the kind of Cabernet that California can accomplish with one hand tied behind its back. Softly tannic and smooth, it's incredibly rich and sweet in blackberry and cherry jam, milk chocolate and toasty oak flavors for drinking now at a good price. END
START HERE This is an easy-drinking blend of many red varieties from a Livermore-based producer who loves both Rhône and Portuguese reds. This is soft and lightly spiced, with cola and cherry notes on the finish. A very good wine for a barbecue or a tailgate.', "This is the kind of Cabernet that California can accomplish with one hand tied behind its back. Softly tannic and smooth, it's incredibly rich and sweet in blackberry and cherry jam, milk chocolate and toasty oak flavors for drinking now at a good price.", "This is a Shiraz-led blend of five grapes that's concentrated, smoky and spicy on the nose. The palate is ripe and bolstered by racy tartaric acidity, while flavors of spiced berry and coconutty oak finish bold but shallow. END
START HERE This is the kind of Cabernet that California can accomplish with one hand tied behind its back. Softly tannic and smooth, it's incredibly rich and sweet in blackberry and cherry jam, milk chocolate and toasty oak flavors for drinking now at a good price.", "This is a Shiraz-led blend of five grapes that's concentrated, smoky and spicy on the nose. The palate is ripe and bolstered by racy tartaric acidity, while flavors of spiced berry and coconutty oak finish bold but shallow.", 'Compact and concentrated up front, the nose is propped up with hints of spice and berry. This shows good body and balance, with berry and licorice flavors that are lightly baked, mildly herbal and peppery. Despite a touch of green on the finish, this is very good. END
START HERE This is a Shiraz-led blend of five grapes that's concentrated, smoky and spicy on the nose. The palate is ripe and bolstered by racy tartaric acidity, while flavors of spiced berry and coconutty oak finish bold but shallow.", 'Compact and concentrated up front, the nose is propped up with hints of spice and berry. This shows good body and balance, with berry and licorice flavors that are lightly baked, mildly herbal and peppery. Despite a touch of green on the finish, this is very good.', 'Touches of spice highlight ripe yellow-plum and pear notes on the nose of this delicately framed Chardonnay. The palate is surprisingly mineral in character, with shades of wet stone against a backbone of tart peach. Finishes moderately long. END
START HERE Compact and concentrated up front, the nose is propped up with hints of spice and berry. This shows good body and balance, with berry and licorice flavors that are lightly baked, mildly herbal and peppery. Despite a touch of green on the finish, this is very good.', 'Touches of spice highlight ripe yellow-plum and pear notes on the nose of this delicately framed Chardonnay. The palate is surprisingly mineral in character, with shades of wet stone against a backbone of tart peach. Finishes moderately long.', 'Earthy, woody aromas of heavy berry fruits are tired. This has a chunky, soupy feel along with overripe flavors of raisin and roasted plum. A burnt-wood character akin to hickory controls the finish. END
START HERE Touches of spice highlight ripe yellow-plum and pear notes on the nose of this delicately framed Chardonnay. The palate is surprisingly mineral in character, with shades of wet stone against a backbone of tart peach. Finishes moderately long.', 'Earthy, woody aromas of heavy berry fruits are tired. This has a chunky, soupy feel along with overripe flavors of raisin and roasted plum. A burnt-wood character akin to hickory controls the finish.', "A fine, crisp and clean Sauvignon Blanc at a good price. It's basically dry, with a honeyed edge to the tropical fruit, lime and peach flavors, and shows a good bite of acidity. END
START HERE Earthy, woody aromas of heavy berry fruits are tired. This has a chunky, soupy feel along with overripe flavors of raisin and roasted plum. A burnt-wood character akin to hickory controls the finish.', "A fine, crisp and clean Sauvignon Blanc at a good price. It's basically dry, with a honeyed edge to the tropical fruit, lime and peach flavors, and shows a good bite of acidity.", 'Black cherry fruit is accented with flavors of coffee grounds and dark chocolate. The fruit is clean and brambly, and the wine overdelivers for the price. END
START HERE A fine, crisp and clean Sauvignon Blanc at a good price. It's basically dry, with a honeyed edge to the tropical fruit, lime and peach flavors, and shows a good bite of acidity.", 'Black cherry fruit is accented with flavors of coffee grounds and dark chocolate. The fruit is clean and brambly, and the wine overdelivers for the price.', 'Charred, smoky aromas are dominant on the nose. Strong tannins overpower baked fruit aromas and oaky and herbal tones. END
START HERE Black cherry fruit is accented with flavors of coffee grounds and dark chocolate. The fruit is clean and brambly, and the wine overdelivers for the price.', 'Charred, smoky aromas are dominant on the nose. Strong tannins overpower baked fruit aromas and oaky and herbal tones.', "Smells strongly of corn, stalky fruit, herbs and grass. Mouthfeel is not a problem, although it's a little sticky on the palate. Tastes heavily herbal and green, with an oaky covering. Short, woody and herbal on the finish. END
START HERE Charred, smoky aromas are dominant on the nose. Strong tannins overpower baked fruit aromas and oaky and herbal tones.', "Smells strongly of corn, stalky fruit, herbs and grass. Mouthfeel is not a problem, although it's a little sticky on the palate. Tastes heavily herbal and green, with an oaky covering. Short, woody and herbal on the finish.", 'Heat and earthy, leathery aromas are the initial blast here. This is a zesty, raw Pinot with punchy, tart raspberry and red plum flavors. Throughout this runs bright and juicy, with tangy acidity creating a citrus-like finish. END
START HERE Smells strongly of corn, stalky fruit, herbs and grass. Mouthfeel is not a problem, although it's a little sticky on the palate. Tastes heavily herbal and green, with an oaky covering. Short, woody and herbal on the finish.", 'Heat and earthy, leathery aromas are the initial blast here. This is a zesty, raw Pinot with punchy, tart raspberry and red plum flavors. Throughout this runs bright and juicy, with tangy acidity creating a citrus-like finish.', 'Not an outright fruity wine, this has subtle earth and melon aromas, modest cucumber flavors and a rather soft texture. It is medium bodied and short on the finish. END
START HERE Heat and earthy, leathery aromas are the initial blast here. This is a zesty, raw Pinot with punchy, tart raspberry and red plum flavors. Throughout this runs bright and juicy, with tangy acidity creating a citrus-like finish.', 'Not an outright fruity wine, this has subtle earth and melon aromas, modest cucumber flavors and a rather soft texture. It is medium bodied and short on the finish.', 'Raspberry and rubbery aromas come across gritty but improve with airing. This is lively in the mouth, with loud, slightly burnt flavors of spiced plum and raspberry. A hot, medicinal finish closes things out. END
START HERE Not an outright fruity wine, this has subtle earth and melon aromas, modest cucumber flavors and a rather soft texture. It is medium bodied and short on the finish.', 'Raspberry and rubbery aromas come across gritty but improve with airing. This is lively in the mouth, with loud, slightly burnt flavors of spiced plum and raspberry. A hot, medicinal finish closes things out.', 'Woody, exotic spice aromas blend with blackberry and raspberry notes. This has a sturdy but basic feel and proper flavors of black plum, peppery spice and wood grain. A grabby finish with salty black-plum notes closes this out. END
START HERE Raspberry and rubbery aromas come across gritty but improve with airing. This is lively in the mouth, with loud, slightly burnt flavors of spiced plum and raspberry. A hot, medicinal finish closes things out.', 'Woody, exotic spice aromas blend with blackberry and raspberry notes. This has a sturdy but basic feel and proper flavors of black plum, peppery spice and wood grain. A grabby finish with salty black-plum notes closes this out.', 'This is very floral and fruity--almost to the point of being candied and artificial--with prominent flavors of cherries and bubble gum, yet finishing dry. A decent summertime quaff. END
START HERE Woody, exotic spice aromas blend with blackberry and raspberry notes. This has a sturdy but basic feel and proper flavors of black plum, peppery spice and wood grain. A grabby finish with salty black-plum notes closes this out.', 'This is very floral and fruity--almost to the point of being candied and artificial--with prominent flavors of cherries and bubble gum, yet finishing dry. A decent summertime quaff.', 'A nice Cabernet for this everyday price. Dry and smooth, it shows interesting flavors of black currants, plums, herbs and spice, with a touch of smoky oak. END
START HERE This is very floral and fruity--almost to the point of being candied and artificial--with prominent flavors of cherries and bubble gum, yet finishing dry. A decent summertime quaff.', 'A nice Cabernet for this everyday price. Dry and smooth, it shows interesting flavors of black currants, plums, herbs and spice, with a touch of smoky oak.', 'Produced from organically grown grapes, this wine has attractive red fruits and a warm ripe character. Dominated by Grenache, it has a light peppery edge as well as plenty of bright acidity to contrast the fruitiness. Drink now. END
START HERE A nice Cabernet for this everyday price. Dry and smooth, it shows interesting flavors of black currants, plums, herbs and spice, with a touch of smoky oak.', 'Produced from organically grown grapes, this wine has attractive red fruits and a warm ripe character. Dominated by Grenache, it has a light peppery edge as well as plenty of bright acidity to contrast the fruitiness. Drink now.', 'Neutral on the nose except for some apple and cheesy oak. The palate is angular and tangy, with cidery flavors. Finishes similarly, with lasting acidic bite and zest. END
START HERE Produced from organically grown grapes, this wine has attractive red fruits and a warm ripe character. Dominated by Grenache, it has a light peppery edge as well as plenty of bright acidity to contrast the fruitiness. Drink now.', 'Neutral on the nose except for some apple and cheesy oak. The palate is angular and tangy, with cidery flavors. Finishes similarly, with lasting acidic bite and zest.', 'This producer, based in the Tarn valley east of Cahors, has created a rounded, ripe and fruity wine. With some young tannins still in evidence, it is all about berry fruits and balanced acidity. The structure will soften over the next few months, so drink this attractively fruity wine from late 2017. END
START HERE Neutral on the nose except for some apple and cheesy oak. The palate is angular and tangy, with cidery flavors. Finishes similarly, with lasting acidic bite and zest.', 'This producer, based in the Tarn valley east of Cahors, has created a rounded, ripe and fruity wine. With some young tannins still in evidence, it is all about berry fruits and balanced acidity. The structure will soften over the next few months, so drink this attractively fruity wine from late 2017.', 'In the Brigue range, this is the entry-level wine. With its attractive fruits and lively acidity, the wine is easy and crisp. It has a clean pure red-fruit flavor that makes it refreshing and ready to drink. END
START HERE This producer, based in the Tarn valley east of Cahors, has created a rounded, ripe and fruity wine. With some young tannins still in evidence, it is all about berry fruits and balanced acidity. The structure will soften over the next few months, so drink this attractively fruity wine from late 2017.', 'In the Brigue range, this is the entry-level wine. With its attractive fruits and lively acidity, the wine is easy and crisp. It has a clean pure red-fruit flavor that makes it refreshing and ready to drink.', "One of a pair of wines from this producer paying homage to neighboring regions, this wine references the Malbec of Cahors. It is softer than some Malbecs, bringing out the grape's fruitiness and acidity rather than its structure. That makes it a candidate for drinking young, starting from early 2018. END
START HERE In the Brigue range, this is the entry-level wine. With its attractive fruits and lively acidity, the wine is easy and crisp. It has a clean pure red-fruit flavor that makes it refreshing and ready to drink.', "One of a pair of wines from this producer paying homage to neighboring regions, this wine references the Malbec of Cahors. It is softer than some Malbecs, bringing out the grape's fruitiness and acidity rather than its structure. That makes it a candidate for drinking young, starting from early 2018.", "This is a very fresh medium-bodied wine that overflows with ripe raspberry and blackberry flavors. It's the opposite of a serious age-worthy wine, but wonderful to drink now for its effusive fruit flavors that come along with just enough tannin for support on the palate. END
START HERE One of a pair of wines from this producer paying homage to neighboring regions, this wine references the Malbec of Cahors. It is softer than some Malbecs, bringing out the grape's fruitiness and acidity rather than its structure. That makes it a candidate for drinking young, starting from early 2018.", "This is a very fresh medium-bodied wine that overflows with ripe raspberry and blackberry flavors. It's the opposite of a serious age-worthy wine, but wonderful to drink now for its effusive fruit flavors that come along with just enough tannin for support on the palate.", 'Bright strawberry and cherry aromas are followed by a fruit cup of tropical fruit, cherry and strawberry. Easy-drinking but on the sweet side, this will pair well with fruit or spicy dishes. END
START HERE This is a very fresh medium-bodied wine that overflows with ripe raspberry and blackberry flavors. It's the opposite of a serious age-worthy wine, but wonderful to drink now for its effusive fruit flavors that come along with just enough tannin for support on the palate.", 'Bright strawberry and cherry aromas are followed by a fruit cup of tropical fruit, cherry and strawberry. Easy-drinking but on the sweet side, this will pair well with fruit or spicy dishes.', "Aromas of prune and cocoa powder accurately portend a chunky, plodding palate with flat tannins. This is at maximum ripeness, but it's not totally balanced, as raisin, mint and black pepper flavors finish with heat and herbal notes. END
START HERE Bright strawberry and cherry aromas are followed by a fruit cup of tropical fruit, cherry and strawberry. Easy-drinking but on the sweet side, this will pair well with fruit or spicy dishes.', "Aromas of prune and cocoa powder accurately portend a chunky, plodding palate with flat tannins. This is at maximum ripeness, but it's not totally balanced, as raisin, mint and black pepper flavors finish with heat and herbal notes.", 'Warm, earthy plum and tomato aromas turn horsey with airing. Flavors of spiced but lightly weedy red-berry fruits, tomato and herbs finish with a creamy, candied texture. END
START HERE Aromas of prune and cocoa powder accurately portend a chunky, plodding palate with flat tannins. This is at maximum ripeness, but it's not totally balanced, as raisin, mint and black pepper flavors finish with heat and herbal notes.", 'Warm, earthy plum and tomato aromas turn horsey with airing. Flavors of spiced but lightly weedy red-berry fruits, tomato and herbs finish with a creamy, candied texture.', 'Spicy and dry on the nose, with subdued, earthy aromas that suggest some hotness. The palate is a bit fiery and aggressive, with red berry and cassis flavors. Warm and spicy on the finish; edgy but good overall. END
START HERE Warm, earthy plum and tomato aromas turn horsey with airing. Flavors of spiced but lightly weedy red-berry fruits, tomato and herbs finish with a creamy, candied texture.', 'Spicy and dry on the nose, with subdued, earthy aromas that suggest some hotness. The palate is a bit fiery and aggressive, with red berry and cassis flavors. Warm and spicy on the finish; edgy but good overall.', "Just a shade off-dry, Hosmer's Dry Riesling boasts pleasant fresh apple and pear flavors embellished with a pronounced layer of smoke and spice on the nose and palate. Fresh and clean with a bright, lemony acidity. END
START HERE Spicy and dry on the nose, with subdued, earthy aromas that suggest some hotness. The palate is a bit fiery and aggressive, with red berry and cassis flavors. Warm and spicy on the finish; edgy but good overall.', "Just a shade off-dry, Hosmer's Dry Riesling boasts pleasant fresh apple and pear flavors embellished with a pronounced layer of smoke and spice on the nose and palate. Fresh and clean with a bright, lemony acidity.", "With an ominous rusty orange color and saucy, rubbery aromas, you'd think this would be over the hill, or even DOA. But in the mouth, this is juicy and holding steady. Light flavors of apricot and tangerine finish zesty, dry, citrusy and a touch bitter. Drink immediately. END
START HERE Just a shade off-dry, Hosmer's Dry Riesling boasts pleasant fresh apple and pear flavors embellished with a pronounced layer of smoke and spice on the nose and palate. Fresh and clean with a bright, lemony acidity.", "With an ominous rusty orange color and saucy, rubbery aromas, you'd think this would be over the hill, or even DOA. But in the mouth, this is juicy and holding steady. Light flavors of apricot and tangerine finish zesty, dry, citrusy and a touch bitter. Drink immediately.", 'Dry, dusty blackberry aromas are restrained yet clean. This shows more density on a palate, with jammy black-plum and berry flavors leading to a fresh and satisfying full-length finish. END
START HERE With an ominous rusty orange color and saucy, rubbery aromas, you'd think this would be over the hill, or even DOA. But in the mouth, this is juicy and holding steady. Light flavors of apricot and tangerine finish zesty, dry, citrusy and a touch bitter. Drink immediately.", 'Dry, dusty blackberry aromas are restrained yet clean. This shows more density on a palate, with jammy black-plum and berry flavors leading to a fresh and satisfying full-length finish.', "At first this is aggressive, with an aromatic note of wet dog along with blueberries. But soon it finds its legs and opens to display chocolate, espresso and a big batch of black plum and blackberry. The finish has full tannins and some coffee-like flavor. Currently it's wall-to-wall big, but it should settle down in no time and become a good red to drink on any occasion. END
START HERE Dry, dusty blackberry aromas are restrained yet clean. This shows more density on a palate, with jammy black-plum and berry flavors leading to a fresh and satisfying full-length finish.', "At first this is aggressive, with an aromatic note of wet dog along with blueberries. But soon it finds its legs and opens to display chocolate, espresso and a big batch of black plum and blackberry. The finish has full tannins and some coffee-like flavor. Currently it's wall-to-wall big, but it should settle down in no time and become a good red to drink on any occasion.", 'A Chardonnay with noticeable barrel influence, this is creamy and thick, with a baked apple flavor. Pair it with chicken in cream sauce or lobster and butter. END
START HERE At first this is aggressive, with an aromatic note of wet dog along with blueberries. But soon it finds its legs and opens to display chocolate, espresso and a big batch of black plum and blackberry. The finish has full tannins and some coffee-like flavor. Currently it's wall-to-wall big, but it should settle down in no time and become a good red to drink on any occasion.", 'A Chardonnay with noticeable barrel influence, this is creamy and thick, with a baked apple flavor. Pair it with chicken in cream sauce or lobster and butter.', 'This wine is a unique blend of Syrah, Merlot, Viognier, Cabernet Sauvignon and Mourvèdre. It seems locked up, with aromas of pickling spices, smoke, berry and vanilla that are followed by broad blue and black-fruit flavors that provide appeal. END
START HERE A Chardonnay with noticeable barrel influence, this is creamy and thick, with a baked apple flavor. Pair it with chicken in cream sauce or lobster and butter.', 'This wine is a unique blend of Syrah, Merlot, Viognier, Cabernet Sauvignon and Mourvèdre. It seems locked up, with aromas of pickling spices, smoke, berry and vanilla that are followed by broad blue and black-fruit flavors that provide appeal.', "Here's a pretty Riserva Salice Salentino (a blend of Negroamaro and Malvasia Nera) with vibrant tones of spice and mature fruit. The wine's flavors are chewy and dense and fuel the wine's lush texture. END
START HERE This wine is a unique blend of Syrah, Merlot, Viognier, Cabernet Sauvignon and Mourvèdre. It seems locked up, with aromas of pickling spices, smoke, berry and vanilla that are followed by broad blue and black-fruit flavors that provide appeal.', "Here's a pretty Riserva Salice Salentino (a blend of Negroamaro and Malvasia Nera) with vibrant tones of spice and mature fruit. The wine's flavors are chewy and dense and fuel the wine's lush texture.", 'Mildly abrasive berry and plum aromas are a bit rough and roasted. This feels good but normal for basic Malbec. Spice, mint and light green notes have a mild impact on cherry and plum flavors. It tastes peppery and persistently minty on the finish. END
START HERE Here's a pretty Riserva Salice Salentino (a blend of Negroamaro and Malvasia Nera) with vibrant tones of spice and mature fruit. The wine's flavors are chewy and dense and fuel the wine's lush texture.", 'Mildly abrasive berry and plum aromas are a bit rough and roasted. This feels good but normal for basic Malbec. Spice, mint and light green notes have a mild impact on cherry and plum flavors. It tastes peppery and persistently minty on the finish.', 'This medium-bodied wine smells like a cherry pie, tastes quite ripe and fruity, and has a smooth texture and lightly sweet finish. END
START HERE Mildly abrasive berry and plum aromas are a bit rough and roasted. This feels good but normal for basic Malbec. Spice, mint and light green notes have a mild impact on cherry and plum flavors. It tastes peppery and persistently minty on the finish.', 'This medium-bodied wine smells like a cherry pie, tastes quite ripe and fruity, and has a smooth texture and lightly sweet finish.', 'The oily popcorn aromas are not a turn-off, but they do hint at the resiny, sticky palate. Flavors of honeyed white fruits, oak resin, vanilla and toast lead to a short finish with a sugar-like sweetness. Good, but confected and a touch mealy. END
START HERE This medium-bodied wine smells like a cherry pie, tastes quite ripe and fruity, and has a smooth texture and lightly sweet finish.', 'The oily popcorn aromas are not a turn-off, but they do hint at the resiny, sticky palate. Flavors of honeyed white fruits, oak resin, vanilla and toast lead to a short finish with a sugar-like sweetness. Good, but confected and a touch mealy.', 'This is an easy, fruity wine made from Grenache. It has a clean, bright character, reflecting its red currant fruitiness and crispness. END
START HERE The oily popcorn aromas are not a turn-off, but they do hint at the resiny, sticky palate. Flavors of honeyed white fruits, oak resin, vanilla and toast lead to a short finish with a sugar-like sweetness. Good, but confected and a touch mealy.', 'This is an easy, fruity wine made from Grenache. It has a clean, bright character, reflecting its red currant fruitiness and crispness.', 'This Bordeaux-style red blend, made from Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Petit Verdot, Malbec and Cabernet Franc, opens with pleasant herbal tones of green pepper, blackcurrant leaf, plum skin and tobacco leaf. Black fruit flavors abound on the solidly structured palate, finishing with hits of milk chocolate and charred earth. END
START HERE This is an easy, fruity wine made from Grenache. It has a clean, bright character, reflecting its red currant fruitiness and crispness.', 'This Bordeaux-style red blend, made from Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Petit Verdot, Malbec and Cabernet Franc, opens with pleasant herbal tones of green pepper, blackcurrant leaf, plum skin and tobacco leaf. Black fruit flavors abound on the solidly structured palate, finishing with hits of milk chocolate and charred earth.', 'There will be far less House Red in the freeze-shortened 2010 vintage. As always, a forward, compelling wine, with a swirl of black fruit, smoke, earth and cola scents. The tannins are graceful and proportionate; the finish does a gentle fade. END
START HERE This Bordeaux-style red blend, made from Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Petit Verdot, Malbec and Cabernet Franc, opens with pleasant herbal tones of green pepper, blackcurrant leaf, plum skin and tobacco leaf. Black fruit flavors abound on the solidly structured palate, finishing with hits of milk chocolate and charred earth.', 'There will be far less House Red in the freeze-shortened 2010 vintage. As always, a forward, compelling wine, with a swirl of black fruit, smoke, earth and cola scents. The tannins are graceful and proportionate; the finish does a gentle fade.', 'Green herb and cut-grass notes lend a fresh purity to this Cabernet Franc rosé. Sprightly in body, with fresh, citrusy acidity, it would pair beautifully with herbaceous Thai or Vietnamese cuisine. END
START HERE There will be far less House Red in the freeze-shortened 2010 vintage. As always, a forward, compelling wine, with a swirl of black fruit, smoke, earth and cola scents. The tannins are graceful and proportionate; the finish does a gentle fade.', 'Green herb and cut-grass notes lend a fresh purity to this Cabernet Franc rosé. Sprightly in body, with fresh, citrusy acidity, it would pair beautifully with herbaceous Thai or Vietnamese cuisine.', "Jammy, dark aromas form a good opening, and there's blueberry and rubbery notes as well. The mouthfeel is entirely full and chunky, with grabby tannins in support of the spicy core flavors of licorice, blackberry, pepper and espresso. Oaky, toasty and a touch hot on the finish. END
START HERE Green herb and cut-grass notes lend a fresh purity to this Cabernet Franc rosé. Sprightly in body, with fresh, citrusy acidity, it would pair beautifully with herbaceous Thai or Vietnamese cuisine.', "Jammy, dark aromas form a good opening, and there's blueberry and rubbery notes as well. The mouthfeel is entirely full and chunky, with grabby tannins in support of the spicy core flavors of licorice, blackberry, pepper and espresso. Oaky, toasty and a touch hot on the finish.", "This is the rarest of all finds: a high-quality Pinot Noir at an everyday price. It's medium bodied and crisp, with ample complexity that blends smoke, cedar, cola and black cherry notes. With its reasonably firm finish, it might be interesting to try in another year or two, although it's ready to drink now. END
START HERE Jammy, dark aromas form a good opening, and there's blueberry and rubbery notes as well. The mouthfeel is entirely full and chunky, with grabby tannins in support of the spicy core flavors of licorice, blackberry, pepper and espresso. Oaky, toasty and a touch hot on the finish.", "This is the rarest of all finds: a high-quality Pinot Noir at an everyday price. It's medium bodied and crisp, with ample complexity that blends smoke, cedar, cola and black cherry notes. With its reasonably firm finish, it might be interesting to try in another year or two, although it's ready to drink now.", "No it's not a mistake—this is Columbia Valley Washington Pinot Noir. A rare beast, but one that delivers an interesting bottle at this modest price point. Earthy, tannic, even a bit rough, but showing genuine varietal character and enough tart red fruit to provide a counterpoint. END
START HERE This is the rarest of all finds: a high-quality Pinot Noir at an everyday price. It's medium bodied and crisp, with ample complexity that blends smoke, cedar, cola and black cherry notes. With its reasonably firm finish, it might be interesting to try in another year or two, although it's ready to drink now.", "No it's not a mistake—this is Columbia Valley Washington Pinot Noir. A rare beast, but one that delivers an interesting bottle at this modest price point. Earthy, tannic, even a bit rough, but showing genuine varietal character and enough tart red fruit to provide a counterpoint.", 'Despite its naturally tannic character, Malbec makes delicious rosé, like this, that allows the red fruit and fresh acidity free rein. The wine has a slight structure, although it is more about deliciously fresh fruit. Drink now. END
START HERE No it's not a mistake—this is Columbia Valley Washington Pinot Noir. A rare beast, but one that delivers an interesting bottle at this modest price point. Earthy, tannic, even a bit rough, but showing genuine varietal character and enough tart red fruit to provide a counterpoint.", 'Despite its naturally tannic character, Malbec makes delicious rosé, like this, that allows the red fruit and fresh acidity free rein. The wine has a slight structure, although it is more about deliciously fresh fruit. Drink now.', 'Although this presents itself on the bouquet as being a bit soft and mealy, the palate is solid albeit chunky and blocky. Standard citrus and lemon flavors hold onto some tang on the finish. Overall, this is clean and friendly but a bit dull. END
START HERE Despite its naturally tannic character, Malbec makes delicious rosé, like this, that allows the red fruit and fresh acidity free rein. The wine has a slight structure, although it is more about deliciously fresh fruit. Drink now.', 'Although this presents itself on the bouquet as being a bit soft and mealy, the palate is solid albeit chunky and blocky. Standard citrus and lemon flavors hold onto some tang on the finish. Overall, this is clean and friendly but a bit dull.', "A new offering (and label) from Oregon's King Estate, this sports a label meant to resemble a folded-up piece of note paper with random jottings. On the back label is a sort of freeform poem; in the bottle is a fresh, dry, rather light Riesling. Flavors of lemon and lemon rind, with a papery finish. END
START HERE Although this presents itself on the bouquet as being a bit soft and mealy, the palate is solid albeit chunky and blocky. Standard citrus and lemon flavors hold onto some tang on the finish. Overall, this is clean and friendly but a bit dull.', "A new offering (and label) from Oregon's King Estate, this sports a label meant to resemble a folded-up piece of note paper with random jottings. On the back label is a sort of freeform poem; in the bottle is a fresh, dry, rather light Riesling. Flavors of lemon and lemon rind, with a papery finish.", 'Here is an easygoing Chardonnay with measured aromas of peach, almond milk, toasted bread and a touch of citrus zest on the close. The wine has a clean, no-fuss approach that is well suited to pasta and pizza. END
START HERE A new offering (and label) from Oregon's King Estate, this sports a label meant to resemble a folded-up piece of note paper with random jottings. On the back label is a sort of freeform poem; in the bottle is a fresh, dry, rather light Riesling. Flavors of lemon and lemon rind, with a papery finish.", 'Here is an easygoing Chardonnay with measured aromas of peach, almond milk, toasted bread and a touch of citrus zest on the close. The wine has a clean, no-fuss approach that is well suited to pasta and pizza.', 'Situated in the heart of the heart of the Entre-deux-Mers, this estate has a long history dating back to the Middle Ages. With its stalky black currant fruit and acidity, this is fruity with a cool edge and a crisp edge. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE Here is an easygoing Chardonnay with measured aromas of peach, almond milk, toasted bread and a touch of citrus zest on the close. The wine has a clean, no-fuss approach that is well suited to pasta and pizza.', 'Situated in the heart of the heart of the Entre-deux-Mers, this estate has a long history dating back to the Middle Ages. With its stalky black currant fruit and acidity, this is fruity with a cool edge and a crisp edge. Drink from 2018.', "Stéphane Defraine's wine with its attractive fruitiness is well balanced, bright and crisp. It has a refreshing character, juicy with red-currant fruit and delicious acidity, making it a great summer apéritif wine. END
START HERE Situated in the heart of the heart of the Entre-deux-Mers, this estate has a long history dating back to the Middle Ages. With its stalky black currant fruit and acidity, this is fruity with a cool edge and a crisp edge. Drink from 2018.', "Stéphane Defraine's wine with its attractive fruitiness is well balanced, bright and crisp. It has a refreshing character, juicy with red-currant fruit and delicious acidity, making it a great summer apéritif wine.", 'Made in stainless-steel tanks and a mix of French and American oak barrels, this new, low-priced, low-in-alcohol white is straightforward in its rich layers of butterscotch and tropical vanilla, with a roundness that many will find attractive. END
START HERE Stéphane Defraine's wine with its attractive fruitiness is well balanced, bright and crisp. It has a refreshing character, juicy with red-currant fruit and delicious acidity, making it a great summer apéritif wine.", 'Made in stainless-steel tanks and a mix of French and American oak barrels, this new, low-priced, low-in-alcohol white is straightforward in its rich layers of butterscotch and tropical vanilla, with a roundness that many will find attractive.', 'The toast, freshly ground coffee, dark chocolate and cherry aromas pop. Plum and chocolate flavors are smooth in feel and linger on the finish. END
START HERE Made in stainless-steel tanks and a mix of French and American oak barrels, this new, low-priced, low-in-alcohol white is straightforward in its rich layers of butterscotch and tropical vanilla, with a roundness that many will find attractive.', 'The toast, freshly ground coffee, dark chocolate and cherry aromas pop. Plum and chocolate flavors are smooth in feel and linger on the finish.', 'This bold but easy-drinking wine offers a good combo of lightly spiced oak notes along with fairly generous blackberry and raspberry flavors. The texture is smooth but with a good tinge of tannin. END
START HERE The toast, freshly ground coffee, dark chocolate and cherry aromas pop. Plum and chocolate flavors are smooth in feel and linger on the finish.', 'This bold but easy-drinking wine offers a good combo of lightly spiced oak notes along with fairly generous blackberry and raspberry flavors. The texture is smooth but with a good tinge of tannin.', 'Punchy and prickly up front, this has sharp aromas, which signal that the grapes were picked early in a hot vintage. Flavors of nettle, white pepper and jalapeño rest on a zesty palate. This wine finishes with snap and freshness. END
START HERE This bold but easy-drinking wine offers a good combo of lightly spiced oak notes along with fairly generous blackberry and raspberry flavors. The texture is smooth but with a good tinge of tannin.', 'Punchy and prickly up front, this has sharp aromas, which signal that the grapes were picked early in a hot vintage. Flavors of nettle, white pepper and jalapeño rest on a zesty palate. This wine finishes with snap and freshness.', 'A branded Bordeaux, this shows the structure of the vintage while also being accessible and ready to drink now. It is dominated by Merlot which gives ripe berry fruits and a full, soft structure. Drink now and until 2018. Screwcap. END
START HERE Punchy and prickly up front, this has sharp aromas, which signal that the grapes were picked early in a hot vintage. Flavors of nettle, white pepper and jalapeño rest on a zesty palate. This wine finishes with snap and freshness.', 'A branded Bordeaux, this shows the structure of the vintage while also being accessible and ready to drink now. It is dominated by Merlot which gives ripe berry fruits and a full, soft structure. Drink now and until 2018. Screwcap.', 'A ripe, very smooth second wine of Château Siaurac, rich while still full of fresh fruit that already shows elegance and a light touch. The wine is likely to age well and soon, so drink from 2015. END
START HERE A branded Bordeaux, this shows the structure of the vintage while also being accessible and ready to drink now. It is dominated by Merlot which gives ripe berry fruits and a full, soft structure. Drink now and until 2018. Screwcap.', 'A ripe, very smooth second wine of Château Siaurac, rich while still full of fresh fruit that already shows elegance and a light touch. The wine is likely to age well and soon, so drink from 2015.', "Smooth smelling, with pure and fresh berry and plum aromas. Very young and a bit tangy on the palate, with cherry and berry flavors and an oaky, soft finish that goes sweet then sour, and lasts for a long time. In terms of structure, it's balanced, mildly tannic, yet meant for drinking now. END
START HERE A ripe, very smooth second wine of Château Siaurac, rich while still full of fresh fruit that already shows elegance and a light touch. The wine is likely to age well and soon, so drink from 2015.', "Smooth smelling, with pure and fresh berry and plum aromas. Very young and a bit tangy on the palate, with cherry and berry flavors and an oaky, soft finish that goes sweet then sour, and lasts for a long time. In terms of structure, it's balanced, mildly tannic, yet meant for drinking now.", "A lovely wine, made even more attractive by the value price. It has flavors and lemons and limes and a ripe, sweet edge of honey, although it's technically dry. The acidity is clean and refreshing. END
START HERE Smooth smelling, with pure and fresh berry and plum aromas. Very young and a bit tangy on the palate, with cherry and berry flavors and an oaky, soft finish that goes sweet then sour, and lasts for a long time. In terms of structure, it's balanced, mildly tannic, yet meant for drinking now.", "A lovely wine, made even more attractive by the value price. It has flavors and lemons and limes and a ripe, sweet edge of honey, although it's technically dry. The acidity is clean and refreshing.", "Right off the bat this wine is pure and smooth. The nose is pretty, with cranberry and cassis. Next up is a palate of pure red fruit and only a light shading of oak. The finish draws applause for its clarity and buttery nuances. It's what a good Chilean Cabernet should be; it's ripe and easy to drink, yet fairly solid and impressive. Best Buy. END
START HERE A lovely wine, made even more attractive by the value price. It has flavors and lemons and limes and a ripe, sweet edge of honey, although it's technically dry. The acidity is clean and refreshing.", "Right off the bat this wine is pure and smooth. The nose is pretty, with cranberry and cassis. Next up is a palate of pure red fruit and only a light shading of oak. The finish draws applause for its clarity and buttery nuances. It's what a good Chilean Cabernet should be; it's ripe and easy to drink, yet fairly solid and impressive. Best Buy.", 'Fairly large, dark and extracted, but also lush and rich, with aromas of raisin and stewed blackberry. The palate is rich to the point of almost being heavy, while the flavors of blackberry and roasted black plum are mildly leathery and salty. Nice, big, meaty and tasty for the price. END
START HERE Right off the bat this wine is pure and smooth. The nose is pretty, with cranberry and cassis. Next up is a palate of pure red fruit and only a light shading of oak. The finish draws applause for its clarity and buttery nuances. It's what a good Chilean Cabernet should be; it's ripe and easy to drink, yet fairly solid and impressive. Best Buy.", 'Fairly large, dark and extracted, but also lush and rich, with aromas of raisin and stewed blackberry. The palate is rich to the point of almost being heavy, while the flavors of blackberry and roasted black plum are mildly leathery and salty. Nice, big, meaty and tasty for the price.', "This is a light, tropical Sauvignon Blanc that's widely distributed. The palate is marked by pleasant layers of pineapple, guava and melon. On the finish a streak of lemon lingers awhile. A great wine for parties, picnics and other casual gatherings. END
START HERE Fairly large, dark and extracted, but also lush and rich, with aromas of raisin and stewed blackberry. The palate is rich to the point of almost being heavy, while the flavors of blackberry and roasted black plum are mildly leathery and salty. Nice, big, meaty and tasty for the price.', "This is a light, tropical Sauvignon Blanc that's widely distributed. The palate is marked by pleasant layers of pineapple, guava and melon. On the finish a streak of lemon lingers awhile. A great wine for parties, picnics and other casual gatherings.", 'Made from Pinot Noir, this is a simple, rather sweet blush wine. It has jammy raspberry and vanilla flavors. END
START HERE This is a light, tropical Sauvignon Blanc that's widely distributed. The palate is marked by pleasant layers of pineapple, guava and melon. On the finish a streak of lemon lingers awhile. A great wine for parties, picnics and other casual gatherings.", 'Made from Pinot Noir, this is a simple, rather sweet blush wine. It has jammy raspberry and vanilla flavors.', "Zesty limes and lemons shine brightly throughout this brisk, cutting dry Riesling. It's medium bodied in style but a bit demure in concentration and length. END
START HERE Made from Pinot Noir, this is a simple, rather sweet blush wine. It has jammy raspberry and vanilla flavors.', "Zesty limes and lemons shine brightly throughout this brisk, cutting dry Riesling. It's medium bodied in style but a bit demure in concentration and length.", 'Aromas of vanilla, char and toast lead to light creamy stone fruit and canned-corn flavors. It provides appeal but the oak seems overweighted. END
START HERE Zesty limes and lemons shine brightly throughout this brisk, cutting dry Riesling. It's medium bodied in style but a bit demure in concentration and length.", 'Aromas of vanilla, char and toast lead to light creamy stone fruit and canned-corn flavors. It provides appeal but the oak seems overweighted.', 'Aromas are light for the variety, with notes of jasmine and poached pear. The medium-sweet flavors deliver notes of mandarin orange and Nestea ice tea, finishing dry. END
START HERE Aromas of vanilla, char and toast lead to light creamy stone fruit and canned-corn flavors. It provides appeal but the oak seems overweighted.', 'Aromas are light for the variety, with notes of jasmine and poached pear. The medium-sweet flavors deliver notes of mandarin orange and Nestea ice tea, finishing dry.', "Very deep in color and spicy-smoky in flavor, this full-bodied wine is packed with dark-fruit flavors like blackberry and blueberry. Aromas like grilled beef and spicy flavors like cardamom and smoke give it a bold character that's hard to deny. END
START HERE Aromas are light for the variety, with notes of jasmine and poached pear. The medium-sweet flavors deliver notes of mandarin orange and Nestea ice tea, finishing dry.', "Very deep in color and spicy-smoky in flavor, this full-bodied wine is packed with dark-fruit flavors like blackberry and blueberry. Aromas like grilled beef and spicy flavors like cardamom and smoke give it a bold character that's hard to deny.", 'Crisp and full of red fruits, this is a balanced wine. With its tannins well tamed and integrated with the fruit, this is going to be a fruity easy wine. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE Very deep in color and spicy-smoky in flavor, this full-bodied wine is packed with dark-fruit flavors like blackberry and blueberry. Aromas like grilled beef and spicy flavors like cardamom and smoke give it a bold character that's hard to deny.", 'Crisp and full of red fruits, this is a balanced wine. With its tannins well tamed and integrated with the fruit, this is going to be a fruity easy wine. Drink from 2018.', 'Crisp, citric aromas start this refreshing wine from Brotherhood. On the palate, citrus, apple and toast give the wine a more robust character. Friendly and easy to enjoy alone or with everything from salads to heartier cream dishes. END
START HERE Crisp and full of red fruits, this is a balanced wine. With its tannins well tamed and integrated with the fruit, this is going to be a fruity easy wine. Drink from 2018.', 'Crisp, citric aromas start this refreshing wine from Brotherhood. On the palate, citrus, apple and toast give the wine a more robust character. Friendly and easy to enjoy alone or with everything from salads to heartier cream dishes.', "So sweet, it's basically a dessert wine, with simple, sugary flavors of oranges, apricots and vanilla. END
START HERE Crisp, citric aromas start this refreshing wine from Brotherhood. On the palate, citrus, apple and toast give the wine a more robust character. Friendly and easy to enjoy alone or with everything from salads to heartier cream dishes.', "So sweet, it's basically a dessert wine, with simple, sugary flavors of oranges, apricots and vanilla.", 'Both Freixenet and its sister property Segura Viudas put out myriad Cavas in this price and quality range. This one shows cherry candy on the nose and some seltzer. The palate is balanced between sweet red fruit and citrus, while the finish is dry despite some earlier sweetness. Bouncy and nice for a Pinot Noir Cava. END
START HERE So sweet, it's basically a dessert wine, with simple, sugary flavors of oranges, apricots and vanilla.", 'Both Freixenet and its sister property Segura Viudas put out myriad Cavas in this price and quality range. This one shows cherry candy on the nose and some seltzer. The palate is balanced between sweet red fruit and citrus, while the finish is dry despite some earlier sweetness. Bouncy and nice for a Pinot Noir Cava.', "Smells less like fruit and more like a combo of rubber, cement and tin. The mouthfeel is hard and the flavors are rubbery and chemical, with some oaky red fruit rising to the top. Hard tannins don't help. END
START HERE Both Freixenet and its sister property Segura Viudas put out myriad Cavas in this price and quality range. This one shows cherry candy on the nose and some seltzer. The palate is balanced between sweet red fruit and citrus, while the finish is dry despite some earlier sweetness. Bouncy and nice for a Pinot Noir Cava.', "Smells less like fruit and more like a combo of rubber, cement and tin. The mouthfeel is hard and the flavors are rubbery and chemical, with some oaky red fruit rising to the top. Hard tannins don't help.", 'Friendly, appealing flavors fo pear, lychee, apple and spice give this Riesling a fun character. Fresh with a touch of sweetness, the wine is balanced by its acid and offers a pretty, lingering finish. END
START HERE Smells less like fruit and more like a combo of rubber, cement and tin. The mouthfeel is hard and the flavors are rubbery and chemical, with some oaky red fruit rising to the top. Hard tannins don't help.", 'Friendly, appealing flavors fo pear, lychee, apple and spice give this Riesling a fun character. Fresh with a touch of sweetness, the wine is balanced by its acid and offers a pretty, lingering finish.', 'A wall of raw, herbal, minty aromas feeds into a jammy feeling palate. Reduced boysenberry flavors are herbal and green, while the finish is quite green and almost grassy in flavor. END
START HERE Friendly, appealing flavors fo pear, lychee, apple and spice give this Riesling a fun character. Fresh with a touch of sweetness, the wine is balanced by its acid and offers a pretty, lingering finish.', 'A wall of raw, herbal, minty aromas feeds into a jammy feeling palate. Reduced boysenberry flavors are herbal and green, while the finish is quite green and almost grassy in flavor.', 'A deep color and ripe, gushing fruit aromas lead to generous dark cherry and blackberry flavors in this wine. Firm tannins are loosened by a sugary element that lingers on the finish. END
START HERE A wall of raw, herbal, minty aromas feeds into a jammy feeling palate. Reduced boysenberry flavors are herbal and green, while the finish is quite green and almost grassy in flavor.', 'A deep color and ripe, gushing fruit aromas lead to generous dark cherry and blackberry flavors in this wine. Firm tannins are loosened by a sugary element that lingers on the finish.', 'Dry, acidic and watery, with a suggestion of lemon and lime fruit. END
START HERE A deep color and ripe, gushing fruit aromas lead to generous dark cherry and blackberry flavors in this wine. Firm tannins are loosened by a sugary element that lingers on the finish.', 'Dry, acidic and watery, with a suggestion of lemon and lime fruit.', 'Aroams of high-toned cherry and berry lead the nose of this wine, with secondary scents of tar, balsamic and leathery spice. Medium weight and smooth in body, the satiny tannins provide a subtle, accessible structure, framed by juicy  black-cherry and -raspberry flavors. Drink now. END
START HERE Dry, acidic and watery, with a suggestion of lemon and lime fruit.', 'Aroams of high-toned cherry and berry lead the nose of this wine, with secondary scents of tar, balsamic and leathery spice. Medium weight and smooth in body, the satiny tannins provide a subtle, accessible structure, framed by juicy  black-cherry and -raspberry flavors. Drink now.', "Smooth and fat in texture, this wine has pear and butterscotch aromas, candied apple and butter flavors, and an almost sweet finish. It's a big, soft wine with low acidity and a short finish. END
START HERE Aroams of high-toned cherry and berry lead the nose of this wine, with secondary scents of tar, balsamic and leathery spice. Medium weight and smooth in body, the satiny tannins provide a subtle, accessible structure, framed by juicy  black-cherry and -raspberry flavors. Drink now.', "Smooth and fat in texture, this wine has pear and butterscotch aromas, candied apple and butter flavors, and an almost sweet finish. It's a big, soft wine with low acidity and a short finish.", 'Smells citric and green, with carob notes that seem artificial and forced. Very simple, creamy and candied, with faux chocolate flavors and sweet fruit. Finishes like a strawberry dipped in cheap chocolate. Modest quality at best. END
START HERE Smooth and fat in texture, this wine has pear and butterscotch aromas, candied apple and butter flavors, and an almost sweet finish. It's a big, soft wine with low acidity and a short finish.", 'Smells citric and green, with carob notes that seem artificial and forced. Very simple, creamy and candied, with faux chocolate flavors and sweet fruit. Finishes like a strawberry dipped in cheap chocolate. Modest quality at best.', 'Firm, dry tannins behind this wine give a hard edge that will need time. The wine is powered by its structure, solid and only just fruity. Wait until at least 2017 to allow more fruitiness to come through, although the wine will likely always be tough. END
START HERE Smells citric and green, with carob notes that seem artificial and forced. Very simple, creamy and candied, with faux chocolate flavors and sweet fruit. Finishes like a strawberry dipped in cheap chocolate. Modest quality at best.', 'Firm, dry tannins behind this wine give a hard edge that will need time. The wine is powered by its structure, solid and only just fruity. Wait until at least 2017 to allow more fruitiness to come through, although the wine will likely always be tough.', 'Light straw in the glass, this wine has aromas of pineapple and lemon zest. Refreshing on the palate, it offers flavors of clementine, lemon, orange rind, and honeysuckle. The finish features a lasting sense of brightness. END
START HERE Firm, dry tannins behind this wine give a hard edge that will need time. The wine is powered by its structure, solid and only just fruity. Wait until at least 2017 to allow more fruitiness to come through, although the wine will likely always be tough.', 'Light straw in the glass, this wine has aromas of pineapple and lemon zest. Refreshing on the palate, it offers flavors of clementine, lemon, orange rind, and honeysuckle. The finish features a lasting sense of brightness.', 'This blend of Sangiovese and Canaiolo offers a nose of berry fruit and light almond shadings backed by an easy, informal mouthfeel. Pair this fruit-driven red with pasta or pizza. END
START HERE Light straw in the glass, this wine has aromas of pineapple and lemon zest. Refreshing on the palate, it offers flavors of clementine, lemon, orange rind, and honeysuckle. The finish features a lasting sense of brightness.', 'This blend of Sangiovese and Canaiolo offers a nose of berry fruit and light almond shadings backed by an easy, informal mouthfeel. Pair this fruit-driven red with pasta or pizza.', 'This blend of Sangiovese and Montepulciano is definitely on the ripe and jammy side with aromas of mature blackberry and fruit marmalade. It boasts a pretty ruby color with deep saturation and a velvety feel in the mouth with good structure and some sour notes on the close. END
START HERE This blend of Sangiovese and Canaiolo offers a nose of berry fruit and light almond shadings backed by an easy, informal mouthfeel. Pair this fruit-driven red with pasta or pizza.', 'This blend of Sangiovese and Montepulciano is definitely on the ripe and jammy side with aromas of mature blackberry and fruit marmalade. It boasts a pretty ruby color with deep saturation and a velvety feel in the mouth with good structure and some sour notes on the close.', 'A caramel aroma is followed by sweet strawberry fruit from the Touriga Nacional, lending a wine that is freshly fruity and soft. END
START HERE This blend of Sangiovese and Montepulciano is definitely on the ripe and jammy side with aromas of mature blackberry and fruit marmalade. It boasts a pretty ruby color with deep saturation and a velvety feel in the mouth with good structure and some sour notes on the close.', 'A caramel aroma is followed by sweet strawberry fruit from the Touriga Nacional, lending a wine that is freshly fruity and soft.', "A white chocolate accent adds a touch of weight to the white cherry and watermelon aromas in the nose of this wine. The palate offers surprising weight, but it's countered by ample acidity and a citrus zest flavor that livens-up the finish. END
START HERE A caramel aroma is followed by sweet strawberry fruit from the Touriga Nacional, lending a wine that is freshly fruity and soft.', "A white chocolate accent adds a touch of weight to the white cherry and watermelon aromas in the nose of this wine. The palate offers surprising weight, but it's countered by ample acidity and a citrus zest flavor that livens-up the finish.", 'Produced from organically grown grapes, this is a light, very young and stalky wine. It has tight black currant flavors and a dry core of tannins that need to soften for a few months. Drink from the end of 2015. END
START HERE A white chocolate accent adds a touch of weight to the white cherry and watermelon aromas in the nose of this wine. The palate offers surprising weight, but it's countered by ample acidity and a citrus zest flavor that livens-up the finish.", 'Produced from organically grown grapes, this is a light, very young and stalky wine. It has tight black currant flavors and a dry core of tannins that need to soften for a few months. Drink from the end of 2015.', "Jumbled and jumpy on the nose, which struggles to find itself. Time gives this wine a chance to strut, and while it doesn't ever find a great groove it does offer youthful plum and berry flavors followed by resiny tannins. A little too scattered and pocked to rate better. END
START HERE Produced from organically grown grapes, this is a light, very young and stalky wine. It has tight black currant flavors and a dry core of tannins that need to soften for a few months. Drink from the end of 2015.', "Jumbled and jumpy on the nose, which struggles to find itself. Time gives this wine a chance to strut, and while it doesn't ever find a great groove it does offer youthful plum and berry flavors followed by resiny tannins. A little too scattered and pocked to rate better.", 'This is an earthy effort that shows the tough soil of Cahors in its minerally, tight character. Dark in color, this is laced with intense acids and firm tannins. END
START HERE Jumbled and jumpy on the nose, which struggles to find itself. Time gives this wine a chance to strut, and while it doesn't ever find a great groove it does offer youthful plum and berry flavors followed by resiny tannins. A little too scattered and pocked to rate better.", 'This is an earthy effort that shows the tough soil of Cahors in its minerally, tight character. Dark in color, this is laced with intense acids and firm tannins.', "This crisp, clean, stainless-steel style of Chardonnay brings has mixed flavors of cucumber, celery, lime and light melon. It's fresh and immaculate—a wonderful sipper. END
START HERE This is an earthy effort that shows the tough soil of Cahors in its minerally, tight character. Dark in color, this is laced with intense acids and firm tannins.', "This crisp, clean, stainless-steel style of Chardonnay brings has mixed flavors of cucumber, celery, lime and light melon. It's fresh and immaculate—a wonderful sipper.", "Smells and tastes like an inexpensive Aussie Shiraz, with jammy raspberry and cherry flavors and a dry, peppery finish. The texture is a little syrupy and thick, but it's a good, easy wine. END
START HERE This crisp, clean, stainless-steel style of Chardonnay brings has mixed flavors of cucumber, celery, lime and light melon. It's fresh and immaculate—a wonderful sipper.", "Smells and tastes like an inexpensive Aussie Shiraz, with jammy raspberry and cherry flavors and a dry, peppery finish. The texture is a little syrupy and thick, but it's a good, easy wine.", 'The Grand Estates Merlot holds center court in the vast Columbia Crest portfolio. This new release, which has received extra bottle age, is seamless, smoky, supple and seductive. Exotic sandalwood and Asian spices weave from the nose into the palate, wrapped around broad black cherry and blackberry fruit flavors. A darker streak of black olive and licorice runs into a finish replete with tannins that are tight and hint at stem. END
START HERE Smells and tastes like an inexpensive Aussie Shiraz, with jammy raspberry and cherry flavors and a dry, peppery finish. The texture is a little syrupy and thick, but it's a good, easy wine.", 'The Grand Estates Merlot holds center court in the vast Columbia Crest portfolio. This new release, which has received extra bottle age, is seamless, smoky, supple and seductive. Exotic sandalwood and Asian spices weave from the nose into the palate, wrapped around broad black cherry and blackberry fruit flavors. A darker streak of black olive and licorice runs into a finish replete with tannins that are tight and hint at stem.', 'A zippy nose of lemon and apple introduces this clean and friendly wine. On the palate, more citrus and mineral character presents itself, and the overall package is both elegant and easy. A great everyday wine for pairing with fish or salads. END
START HERE The Grand Estates Merlot holds center court in the vast Columbia Crest portfolio. This new release, which has received extra bottle age, is seamless, smoky, supple and seductive. Exotic sandalwood and Asian spices weave from the nose into the palate, wrapped around broad black cherry and blackberry fruit flavors. A darker streak of black olive and licorice runs into a finish replete with tannins that are tight and hint at stem.', 'A zippy nose of lemon and apple introduces this clean and friendly wine. On the palate, more citrus and mineral character presents itself, and the overall package is both elegant and easy. A great everyday wine for pairing with fish or salads.', 'Plump and fleshy for an unoaked style, with tangerine, lemon and passion fruit notes that finish clean and refreshing. A good summer wine at a fair price. Imported by USA Wine West. END
START HERE A zippy nose of lemon and apple introduces this clean and friendly wine. On the palate, more citrus and mineral character presents itself, and the overall package is both elegant and easy. A great everyday wine for pairing with fish or salads.', 'Plump and fleshy for an unoaked style, with tangerine, lemon and passion fruit notes that finish clean and refreshing. A good summer wine at a fair price. Imported by USA Wine West.', 'Light, spicy aromas of tea, rubber, cherry and raspberry are earthy. This feels light, dilute and dry. Flavors of mulchy red fruits come with notes of tomato and pepper, as does the finish. END
START HERE Plump and fleshy for an unoaked style, with tangerine, lemon and passion fruit notes that finish clean and refreshing. A good summer wine at a fair price. Imported by USA Wine West.', 'Light, spicy aromas of tea, rubber, cherry and raspberry are earthy. This feels light, dilute and dry. Flavors of mulchy red fruits come with notes of tomato and pepper, as does the finish.', "Located high in the hills of central Sicily, Regaleali is one of the south's leaders. Tasca is the famil name, and their huge estate, replete with the latest technology, continues to impress. This basic red proves to be a very solid everyday wine, featuring flavors of plum, spice, and a touch of mint. Perfect balance with a long finish ensures its success. Best Buy. END
START HERE Light, spicy aromas of tea, rubber, cherry and raspberry are earthy. This feels light, dilute and dry. Flavors of mulchy red fruits come with notes of tomato and pepper, as does the finish.', "Located high in the hills of central Sicily, Regaleali is one of the south's leaders. Tasca is the famil name, and their huge estate, replete with the latest technology, continues to impress. This basic red proves to be a very solid everyday wine, featuring flavors of plum, spice, and a touch of mint. Perfect balance with a long finish ensures its success. Best Buy", "There's a thorny, almost raw quality of fruit here that is backed by a touch of dill weed and black tar. It feels tart and slightly bitter on the close. END
START HERE Located high in the hills of central Sicily, Regaleali is one of the south's leaders. Tasca is the famil name, and their huge estate, replete with the latest technology, continues to impress. This basic red proves to be a very solid everyday wine, featuring flavors of plum, spice, and a touch of mint. Perfect balance with a long finish ensures its success. Best Buy", "There's a thorny, almost raw quality of fruit here that is backed by a touch of dill weed and black tar. It feels tart and slightly bitter on the close.", 'Consistently the top showing wine from the Le Val range, this is ripe and rounded, with a creamy texture and a toasty, spicy touch from light wood aging. Drink now. END
START HERE There's a thorny, almost raw quality of fruit here that is backed by a touch of dill weed and black tar. It feels tart and slightly bitter on the close.", 'Consistently the top showing wine from the Le Val range, this is ripe and rounded, with a creamy texture and a toasty, spicy touch from light wood aging. Drink now.', "A perfect companion to the fall harvest season, this easy-drinking Riesling is evocative of candied apples and warm apple pie spice. There's not a lot of complexity, but it's light and fresh in the mouth with a puckery lime and sour patch candy finish. END
START HERE Consistently the top showing wine from the Le Val range, this is ripe and rounded, with a creamy texture and a toasty, spicy touch from light wood aging. Drink now.', "A perfect companion to the fall harvest season, this easy-drinking Riesling is evocative of candied apples and warm apple pie spice. There's not a lot of complexity, but it's light and fresh in the mouth with a puckery lime and sour patch candy finish.", 'Fresh herb and green flower flavors mingle with notes of chocolate and sun-dried hay on this bold but impeccably balanced Cabernet. Intensly concentrated on the palate, it has a ripe cassis flavor and soft, silky tannins that linger. END
START HERE A perfect companion to the fall harvest season, this easy-drinking Riesling is evocative of candied apples and warm apple pie spice. There's not a lot of complexity, but it's light and fresh in the mouth with a puckery lime and sour patch candy finish.", 'Fresh herb and green flower flavors mingle with notes of chocolate and sun-dried hay on this bold but impeccably balanced Cabernet. Intensly concentrated on the palate, it has a ripe cassis flavor and soft, silky tannins that linger.', 'Building on 150 years and six generations of winemaking tradition, the winery trends toward a leaner style, with the classic California buttercream aroma cut by tart green apple. In this good everyday sipping wine, flavors that range from pear to barely ripe pineapple prove approachable but not distinctive. END
START HERE Fresh herb and green flower flavors mingle with notes of chocolate and sun-dried hay on this bold but impeccably balanced Cabernet. Intensly concentrated on the palate, it has a ripe cassis flavor and soft, silky tannins that linger.', 'Building on 150 years and six generations of winemaking tradition, the winery trends toward a leaner style, with the classic California buttercream aroma cut by tart green apple. In this good everyday sipping wine, flavors that range from pear to barely ripe pineapple prove approachable but not distinctive.', 'Dry, spicy red-fruit aromas are solid and standard, while the palate is lean but comfortable, with dry, simple cherry flavors accented by a spot of oak-driven vanilla. Good but as regular as they come. Easy to drink. END
START HERE Building on 150 years and six generations of winemaking tradition, the winery trends toward a leaner style, with the classic California buttercream aroma cut by tart green apple. In this good everyday sipping wine, flavors that range from pear to barely ripe pineapple prove approachable but not distinctive.', 'Dry, spicy red-fruit aromas are solid and standard, while the palate is lean but comfortable, with dry, simple cherry flavors accented by a spot of oak-driven vanilla. Good but as regular as they come. Easy to drink.', 'Generally this is a nice South American Chardonnay. The nose offers touches of apple, pear, peach and light oak, while the palate has bounce, acidity and tangy apricot, nectarine and apple flavors. Finishes lively but dilute, with citrus and lemon peel flavors. Hits the target. END
START HERE Dry, spicy red-fruit aromas are solid and standard, while the palate is lean but comfortable, with dry, simple cherry flavors accented by a spot of oak-driven vanilla. Good but as regular as they come. Easy to drink.', 'Generally this is a nice South American Chardonnay. The nose offers touches of apple, pear, peach and light oak, while the palate has bounce, acidity and tangy apricot, nectarine and apple flavors. Finishes lively but dilute, with citrus and lemon peel flavors. Hits the target.', 'Intensely acidic wine, its red fruits and caramel hidden behind a tart, over-lemoned flavor. For lovers of mouth-shockingly dry rosé. Screwcap. END
START HERE Generally this is a nice South American Chardonnay. The nose offers touches of apple, pear, peach and light oak, while the palate has bounce, acidity and tangy apricot, nectarine and apple flavors. Finishes lively but dilute, with citrus and lemon peel flavors. Hits the target.', 'Intensely acidic wine, its red fruits and caramel hidden behind a tart, over-lemoned flavor. For lovers of mouth-shockingly dry rosé. Screwcap.', "Rounded and rich, this is full of strawberry flavors. It's deliciously ripe, with crispness to go with the serious fruit. This is very much a food rosé, concentrated and intense. END
START HERE Intensely acidic wine, its red fruits and caramel hidden behind a tart, over-lemoned flavor. For lovers of mouth-shockingly dry rosé. Screwcap.', "Rounded and rich, this is full of strawberry flavors. It's deliciously ripe, with crispness to go with the serious fruit. This is very much a food rosé, concentrated and intense.", 'This is an unfocused wine with fruit flavors that miss the mark. Only the juicy aftertaste is attractive. END
START HERE Rounded and rich, this is full of strawberry flavors. It's deliciously ripe, with crispness to go with the serious fruit. This is very much a food rosé, concentrated and intense.", 'This is an unfocused wine with fruit flavors that miss the mark. Only the juicy aftertaste is attractive.', "A complex, savory Pinot Noir for $12? Yup. Hints of bacon and mushroom are prominent, with just enough cherry fruit to support them. It's light in body, with supple tannins, so drink it over the next six months or so. END
START HERE This is an unfocused wine with fruit flavors that miss the mark. Only the juicy aftertaste is attractive.', "A complex, savory Pinot Noir for $12? Yup. Hints of bacon and mushroom are prominent, with just enough cherry fruit to support them. It's light in body, with supple tannins, so drink it over the next six months or so.", 'Melony aromas come with a heavy blast of brine. This feels oily and marginal, with salty, briny flavors of orange and lime that finish disjointed before falling off. END
START HERE A complex, savory Pinot Noir for $12? Yup. Hints of bacon and mushroom are prominent, with just enough cherry fruit to support them. It's light in body, with supple tannins, so drink it over the next six months or so.", 'Melony aromas come with a heavy blast of brine. This feels oily and marginal, with salty, briny flavors of orange and lime that finish disjointed before falling off.', 'A nice Cabernet, proper and pleasant, it tastes of blackcurrants and oak and is very dry and balanced. No doubting that it comes from a good vineyard and has been made in a competent style. END
START HERE Melony aromas come with a heavy blast of brine. This feels oily and marginal, with salty, briny flavors of orange and lime that finish disjointed before falling off.', 'A nice Cabernet, proper and pleasant, it tastes of blackcurrants and oak and is very dry and balanced. No doubting that it comes from a good vineyard and has been made in a competent style.', "A tart, flinty and apple-y rendition of Riesling, one that's lean and light, one that leaves your mouth feeling clean and fresh after swallowing or spitting. One that would make a particularly pleasant aperitif. END
START HERE A nice Cabernet, proper and pleasant, it tastes of blackcurrants and oak and is very dry and balanced. No doubting that it comes from a good vineyard and has been made in a competent style.', "A tart, flinty and apple-y rendition of Riesling, one that's lean and light, one that leaves your mouth feeling clean and fresh after swallowing or spitting. One that would make a particularly pleasant aperitif.", 'Made from Castelão grapes, this crisp wine has red fruits that burst out of the glass and give a lively aftertaste, with tight acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE A tart, flinty and apple-y rendition of Riesling, one that's lean and light, one that leaves your mouth feeling clean and fresh after swallowing or spitting. One that would make a particularly pleasant aperitif.", 'Made from Castelão grapes, this crisp wine has red fruits that burst out of the glass and give a lively aftertaste, with tight acidity. Drink now.', "Hailing from the newly approved Ancient Lakes appellation, this wine has notes of lime, peach and minerality. It's frizzante, drinking medium sweet with a tart lick of acidity. END
START HERE Made from Castelão grapes, this crisp wine has red fruits that burst out of the glass and give a lively aftertaste, with tight acidity. Drink now.', "Hailing from the newly approved Ancient Lakes appellation, this wine has notes of lime, peach and minerality. It's frizzante, drinking medium sweet with a tart lick of acidity.", 'Fresh lemon and lime flavors are juxtaposed by dusty bramble and herb notes in this savory off-dry Riesling. Finishes briskly with a touch of green herb. Drink now through 2018. END
START HERE Hailing from the newly approved Ancient Lakes appellation, this wine has notes of lime, peach and minerality. It's frizzante, drinking medium sweet with a tart lick of acidity.", 'Fresh lemon and lime flavors are juxtaposed by dusty bramble and herb notes in this savory off-dry Riesling. Finishes briskly with a touch of green herb. Drink now through 2018.', 'Mealy white-fruit aromas are lacking in clarity and freshness, while the flavor profile is based on pineapple. The finish is broad and heavy. END
START HERE Fresh lemon and lime flavors are juxtaposed by dusty bramble and herb notes in this savory off-dry Riesling. Finishes briskly with a touch of green herb. Drink now through 2018.', 'Mealy white-fruit aromas are lacking in clarity and freshness, while the flavor profile is based on pineapple. The finish is broad and heavy.', 'Somehow, Wildhurst manages to keep the price down on their Sauvignon Blanc, which is really refreshing and vigorous. Backed by crisp acidity, this unoaked wine has charming lemongrass, pineapple, fig and peppery spice flavors. END
START HERE Mealy white-fruit aromas are lacking in clarity and freshness, while the flavor profile is based on pineapple. The finish is broad and heavy.', 'Somehow, Wildhurst manages to keep the price down on their Sauvignon Blanc, which is really refreshing and vigorous. Backed by crisp acidity, this unoaked wine has charming lemongrass, pineapple, fig and peppery spice flavors.', "While the nose reveals only faint whiffs of apples, nuts and brambles, the palate of this off-dry Riesling is crisply concentrated with fresh red apples and tart peaches. It's not a deeply persistent wine, but finishes brisk and bright. END
START HERE Somehow, Wildhurst manages to keep the price down on their Sauvignon Blanc, which is really refreshing and vigorous. Backed by crisp acidity, this unoaked wine has charming lemongrass, pineapple, fig and peppery spice flavors.', "While the nose reveals only faint whiffs of apples, nuts and brambles, the palate of this off-dry Riesling is crisply concentrated with fresh red apples and tart peaches. It's not a deeply persistent wine, but finishes brisk and bright.", 'Rather lean in flavors, it shows a bit of herbal, savory aromas and tastes slightly earthy and vegetal like fennel or celery. But those aspects are subtle enough that it still makes a good sturdy white wine that is neither too rich nor too soft. END
START HERE While the nose reveals only faint whiffs of apples, nuts and brambles, the palate of this off-dry Riesling is crisply concentrated with fresh red apples and tart peaches. It's not a deeply persistent wine, but finishes brisk and bright.", 'Rather lean in flavors, it shows a bit of herbal, savory aromas and tastes slightly earthy and vegetal like fennel or celery. But those aspects are subtle enough that it still makes a good sturdy white wine that is neither too rich nor too soft.', 'Crystalline in appearance, this wine offers ripe fruit aromas of nectarine, kiwi and crisp Pink Lady apples, without being too flowery. Lots of minerality and lime pith appear on the lively palate, showing just a touch of tropicality but honing in on the grassy lemon-peel line. Ripe apples show on the finish. END
START HERE Rather lean in flavors, it shows a bit of herbal, savory aromas and tastes slightly earthy and vegetal like fennel or celery. But those aspects are subtle enough that it still makes a good sturdy white wine that is neither too rich nor too soft.', 'Crystalline in appearance, this wine offers ripe fruit aromas of nectarine, kiwi and crisp Pink Lady apples, without being too flowery. Lots of minerality and lime pith appear on the lively palate, showing just a touch of tropicality but honing in on the grassy lemon-peel line. Ripe apples show on the finish.', 'Soft, round and very ripe, this is simple and straightforward, with big, chewy tannins and flavors of cola and cinnamon. Bright on the nose, it is full-bodied and heavy in the mouth, and it screams out for hearty heaps of grilled food. END
START HERE Crystalline in appearance, this wine offers ripe fruit aromas of nectarine, kiwi and crisp Pink Lady apples, without being too flowery. Lots of minerality and lime pith appear on the lively palate, showing just a touch of tropicality but honing in on the grassy lemon-peel line. Ripe apples show on the finish.', 'Soft, round and very ripe, this is simple and straightforward, with big, chewy tannins and flavors of cola and cinnamon. Bright on the nose, it is full-bodied and heavy in the mouth, and it screams out for hearty heaps of grilled food.', "There's not much richness to the peach and orange flavors in this Chardonnay. But it's nicely dry and crisp in acidity, which lends it a sort of clean elegance. END
START HERE Soft, round and very ripe, this is simple and straightforward, with big, chewy tannins and flavors of cola and cinnamon. Bright on the nose, it is full-bodied and heavy in the mouth, and it screams out for hearty heaps of grilled food.', "There's not much richness to the peach and orange flavors in this Chardonnay. But it's nicely dry and crisp in acidity, which lends it a sort of clean elegance.", "More mineral and savory than tutti-frutti, this wine offers scents of damp moss and wet stone. It's medium bodied, with a silky texture and a long, mouthwatering finish. END
START HERE There's not much richness to the peach and orange flavors in this Chardonnay. But it's nicely dry and crisp in acidity, which lends it a sort of clean elegance.", "More mineral and savory than tutti-frutti, this wine offers scents of damp moss and wet stone. It's medium bodied, with a silky texture and a long, mouthwatering finish.", 'Aromas and flavors of rhubarb and red pepper dominate, resulting in a wine that is sharp and unbalanced. END
START HERE More mineral and savory than tutti-frutti, this wine offers scents of damp moss and wet stone. It's medium bodied, with a silky texture and a long, mouthwatering finish.", 'Aromas and flavors of rhubarb and red pepper dominate, resulting in a wine that is sharp and unbalanced.', "Just what you want in a rosé, at a good price. It's a robust wine, dryish and spicy, with a creamy mouthfeel framing pleasant raspberry, cherry, prosciutto and vanilla flavors. END
START HERE Aromas and flavors of rhubarb and red pepper dominate, resulting in a wine that is sharp and unbalanced.', "Just what you want in a rosé, at a good price. It's a robust wine, dryish and spicy, with a creamy mouthfeel framing pleasant raspberry, cherry, prosciutto and vanilla flavors.", "A bit rustic and rough around the edges, but for the price, not bad. Fruity and spicy, it's the kind of wine you drink with pizza, lasagna, barbecue or just bacon rinds, and who cares if it's not subtle. END
START HERE Just what you want in a rosé, at a good price. It's a robust wine, dryish and spicy, with a creamy mouthfeel framing pleasant raspberry, cherry, prosciutto and vanilla flavors.", "A bit rustic and rough around the edges, but for the price, not bad. Fruity and spicy, it's the kind of wine you drink with pizza, lasagna, barbecue or just bacon rinds, and who cares if it's not subtle.", "There's a lusciousness to this Chardonnay that makes it really easy and fun to drink. It's rich in orange marmalade, honey, buttered popcorn and vanilla flavors, brightened with crisp acidity. END
START HERE A bit rustic and rough around the edges, but for the price, not bad. Fruity and spicy, it's the kind of wine you drink with pizza, lasagna, barbecue or just bacon rinds, and who cares if it's not subtle.", "There's a lusciousness to this Chardonnay that makes it really easy and fun to drink. It's rich in orange marmalade, honey, buttered popcorn and vanilla flavors, brightened with crisp acidity.", "The 2011 vintage was a cold one in Chile and this Cab reflects that. It's pumping out loads of olive, green herbs and oak on the nose, and that's followed by a tannic palate with minty, green flavors of olive, thyme, pepper and generic berry fruits. Not surprisngly, the finish is fairly green. END
START HERE There's a lusciousness to this Chardonnay that makes it really easy and fun to drink. It's rich in orange marmalade, honey, buttered popcorn and vanilla flavors, brightened with crisp acidity.", "The 2011 vintage was a cold one in Chile and this Cab reflects that. It's pumping out loads of olive, green herbs and oak on the nose, and that's followed by a tannic palate with minty, green flavors of olive, thyme, pepper and generic berry fruits. Not surprisngly, the finish is fairly green.", 'Made from 85% Grenache and 15% Syrah, this is a straightforward and easygoing rosé that offers notes of ripe strawberry and cherry on the nose and mouth. The light-weight palate offers ample acidity and a pleasant astringency that lends some texture through the close. Drink now. END
START HERE The 2011 vintage was a cold one in Chile and this Cab reflects that. It's pumping out loads of olive, green herbs and oak on the nose, and that's followed by a tannic palate with minty, green flavors of olive, thyme, pepper and generic berry fruits. Not surprisngly, the finish is fairly green.", 'Made from 85% Grenache and 15% Syrah, this is a straightforward and easygoing rosé that offers notes of ripe strawberry and cherry on the nose and mouth. The light-weight palate offers ample acidity and a pleasant astringency that lends some texture through the close. Drink now.', "Dark garnet in color, this wine carries aromas of cherry and black raspberry on the nose. The palate brings flavors of tart cherry and ripe plum. Tannins show good grip yet there's a touch of aggressive acidity in the finish. END
START HERE Made from 85% Grenache and 15% Syrah, this is a straightforward and easygoing rosé that offers notes of ripe strawberry and cherry on the nose and mouth. The light-weight palate offers ample acidity and a pleasant astringency that lends some texture through the close. Drink now.', "Dark garnet in color, this wine carries aromas of cherry and black raspberry on the nose. The palate brings flavors of tart cherry and ripe plum. Tannins show good grip yet there's a touch of aggressive acidity in the finish.", 'Mouthwatering fruit flavors and a firm, dry mouthfeel make this medium-bodied wine easy to appreciate. It smells like fresh cherries and raspberries, tastes ripe and has a fine-grained texture. END
START HERE Dark garnet in color, this wine carries aromas of cherry and black raspberry on the nose. The palate brings flavors of tart cherry and ripe plum. Tannins show good grip yet there's a touch of aggressive acidity in the finish.", 'Mouthwatering fruit flavors and a firm, dry mouthfeel make this medium-bodied wine easy to appreciate. It smells like fresh cherries and raspberries, tastes ripe and has a fine-grained texture.', 'This Syrah-Grenache rosé is fresh, inviting and lively, starting with scents of strawberry, raspberry, citrus peel and pink florals. Light and bright on the palate, tart berry and melon rind flavors lead seamlessly into the garrigue-kissed finish. END
START HERE Mouthwatering fruit flavors and a firm, dry mouthfeel make this medium-bodied wine easy to appreciate. It smells like fresh cherries and raspberries, tastes ripe and has a fine-grained texture.', 'This Syrah-Grenache rosé is fresh, inviting and lively, starting with scents of strawberry, raspberry, citrus peel and pink florals. Light and bright on the palate, tart berry and melon rind flavors lead seamlessly into the garrigue-kissed finish.', 'The aromas are quite light, with notes of tropical fruit, white grapefruit and sweet herb. The flavors are similarly light and sleek, offering a nip of acid on the finish. END
START HERE This Syrah-Grenache rosé is fresh, inviting and lively, starting with scents of strawberry, raspberry, citrus peel and pink florals. Light and bright on the palate, tart berry and melon rind flavors lead seamlessly into the garrigue-kissed finish.', 'The aromas are quite light, with notes of tropical fruit, white grapefruit and sweet herb. The flavors are similarly light and sleek, offering a nip of acid on the finish.', 'This is a soft, unfocussed wine with some acidity and a hint of strawberry fruits and a sweet candy flavor. Drink now. END
START HERE The aromas are quite light, with notes of tropical fruit, white grapefruit and sweet herb. The flavors are similarly light and sleek, offering a nip of acid on the finish.', 'This is a soft, unfocussed wine with some acidity and a hint of strawberry fruits and a sweet candy flavor. Drink now.', "Gamay produces an attractive perfumed style of rosé, as with this wine. It has plenty of acidity balanced with raspberry fruit and a squeeze of lemon. It's ready to drink now. END
START HERE This is a soft, unfocussed wine with some acidity and a hint of strawberry fruits and a sweet candy flavor. Drink now.', "Gamay produces an attractive perfumed style of rosé, as with this wine. It has plenty of acidity balanced with raspberry fruit and a squeeze of lemon. It's ready to drink now.", "Aromas of fynbos and blackcurrant leaf lend an attractive herbal edge to the ripe red-fruit core of this bright rosé. It's a well-balanced and layered selection, the medium-weight body countered by ample acidity and lingering notes of savory herbs and citrus pith. Drink now. END
START HERE Gamay produces an attractive perfumed style of rosé, as with this wine. It has plenty of acidity balanced with raspberry fruit and a squeeze of lemon. It's ready to drink now.", "Aromas of fynbos and blackcurrant leaf lend an attractive herbal edge to the ripe red-fruit core of this bright rosé. It's a well-balanced and layered selection, the medium-weight body countered by ample acidity and lingering notes of savory herbs and citrus pith. Drink now.", 'Made from 65% Syrah and 35% Grenache, this salmon-colored rosé is ripe and fruity, boasting attractive aromas and flavors of red cherry, raspberry and plum, all laced by a hint of white chocolate. The medium-weight palate is fleshy and flavorful, with a medium-length close. END
START HERE Aromas of fynbos and blackcurrant leaf lend an attractive herbal edge to the ripe red-fruit core of this bright rosé. It's a well-balanced and layered selection, the medium-weight body countered by ample acidity and lingering notes of savory herbs and citrus pith. Drink now.", 'Made from 65% Syrah and 35% Grenache, this salmon-colored rosé is ripe and fruity, boasting attractive aromas and flavors of red cherry, raspberry and plum, all laced by a hint of white chocolate. The medium-weight palate is fleshy and flavorful, with a medium-length close.', "The aromas are fruit forward, with notes of berry and black currant. The flavors are ripe, with the oak pulled way back. There's plenty of easy drinking enjoyment to be had. END
START HERE Made from 65% Syrah and 35% Grenache, this salmon-colored rosé is ripe and fruity, boasting attractive aromas and flavors of red cherry, raspberry and plum, all laced by a hint of white chocolate. The medium-weight palate is fleshy and flavorful, with a medium-length close.', "The aromas are fruit forward, with notes of berry and black currant. The flavors are ripe, with the oak pulled way back. There's plenty of easy drinking enjoyment to be had.", "Designed as a fruity vision of Malbec, this is a ripe, lightly wood aged wine, laden with berry fruits, soft tannins and an open texture. It's ready to drink, a fine barbecue style, friendly wine. END
START HERE The aromas are fruit forward, with notes of berry and black currant. The flavors are ripe, with the oak pulled way back. There's plenty of easy drinking enjoyment to be had.", "Designed as a fruity vision of Malbec, this is a ripe, lightly wood aged wine, laden with berry fruits, soft tannins and an open texture. It's ready to drink, a fine barbecue style, friendly wine.", 'This airy confection has aromas of lemon and vanilla, then almost sweet flavors of butterscotch and lemon cream on a fairly soft texture. It is light to medium bodied. END
START HERE Designed as a fruity vision of Malbec, this is a ripe, lightly wood aged wine, laden with berry fruits, soft tannins and an open texture. It's ready to drink, a fine barbecue style, friendly wine.", 'This airy confection has aromas of lemon and vanilla, then almost sweet flavors of butterscotch and lemon cream on a fairly soft texture. It is light to medium bodied.', 'This is a full-bodied, structured wine full of ripe berry fruits, delicate acidity and soft tannins. There is a juicy element that offers freshness to balance the firm texture. Wait a year to drink this wine. END
START HERE This airy confection has aromas of lemon and vanilla, then almost sweet flavors of butterscotch and lemon cream on a fairly soft texture. It is light to medium bodied.', 'This is a full-bodied, structured wine full of ripe berry fruits, delicate acidity and soft tannins. There is a juicy element that offers freshness to balance the firm texture. Wait a year to drink this wine.', 'This wine has a nose of lemon peel, lemon grass, and a freshly cut lawn. It is clean in the mouth, with flavors of lemon, lime and Seckle pear that wind down to a mineral-laden finish. END
START HERE This is a full-bodied, structured wine full of ripe berry fruits, delicate acidity and soft tannins. There is a juicy element that offers freshness to balance the firm texture. Wait a year to drink this wine.', 'This wine has a nose of lemon peel, lemon grass, and a freshly cut lawn. It is clean in the mouth, with flavors of lemon, lime and Seckle pear that wind down to a mineral-laden finish.', 'Snappy, crisp and green on the nose, but well balanced and showing the good side of Chilean SB, which is oceanic, fresh, green and citrusy. Flavors of lime, grapefruit and passion fruit are true, while the finish is fruity at first before breaking up. END
START HERE This wine has a nose of lemon peel, lemon grass, and a freshly cut lawn. It is clean in the mouth, with flavors of lemon, lime and Seckle pear that wind down to a mineral-laden finish.', 'Snappy, crisp and green on the nose, but well balanced and showing the good side of Chilean SB, which is oceanic, fresh, green and citrusy. Flavors of lime, grapefruit and passion fruit are true, while the finish is fruity at first before breaking up.', 'Grassy aromas blend with notes of melon on a round, slightly flat bouquet. This is chunky in feel, with briny citrus flavors and a lively core acidity that keeps it moving along. Tangerine and bell pepper flavors on the finish are fitting. END
START HERE Snappy, crisp and green on the nose, but well balanced and showing the good side of Chilean SB, which is oceanic, fresh, green and citrusy. Flavors of lime, grapefruit and passion fruit are true, while the finish is fruity at first before breaking up.', 'Grassy aromas blend with notes of melon on a round, slightly flat bouquet. This is chunky in feel, with briny citrus flavors and a lively core acidity that keeps it moving along. Tangerine and bell pepper flavors on the finish are fitting.', "Fresh but not overly racy, with apple and pear aromas. There's ample snap and pop to the palate, but not a whole lot of body or specificity of flavors. That said, the tastes of lemon and green apple are clean albeit shallow, and the finish is more of the same. Drink now. END
START HERE Grassy aromas blend with notes of melon on a round, slightly flat bouquet. This is chunky in feel, with briny citrus flavors and a lively core acidity that keeps it moving along. Tangerine and bell pepper flavors on the finish are fitting.', "Fresh but not overly racy, with apple and pear aromas. There's ample snap and pop to the palate, but not a whole lot of body or specificity of flavors. That said, the tastes of lemon and green apple are clean albeit shallow, and the finish is more of the same. Drink now.", "On first whiff, there's a savoriness to this nutty, slightly smoky wine. Aeration reveals fresher tones of blossom and tangerine. Dry in style with crisp, cutting acidity it offers elegance and refreshment at a gentle price. END
START HERE Fresh but not overly racy, with apple and pear aromas. There's ample snap and pop to the palate, but not a whole lot of body or specificity of flavors. That said, the tastes of lemon and green apple are clean albeit shallow, and the finish is more of the same. Drink now.", "On first whiff, there's a savoriness to this nutty, slightly smoky wine. Aeration reveals fresher tones of blossom and tangerine. Dry in style with crisp, cutting acidity it offers elegance and refreshment at a gentle price.", "The merest hint of red currant berries plays on the nose and then relaxes into a fresh but fruit-filled palate. It's a light, dry rosé that is simple but very refreshing. Drink soon. END
START HERE On first whiff, there's a savoriness to this nutty, slightly smoky wine. Aeration reveals fresher tones of blossom and tangerine. Dry in style with crisp, cutting acidity it offers elegance and refreshment at a gentle price.", "The merest hint of red currant berries plays on the nose and then relaxes into a fresh but fruit-filled palate. It's a light, dry rosé that is simple but very refreshing. Drink soon.", 'The wine is ripe with attractive acidity. It has plenty of red fruit, a smoky tannic structure and a perfumed aftertaste. With the fruit ready to burst through the tannins, it will be ready to drink from 2017. END
START HERE The merest hint of red currant berries plays on the nose and then relaxes into a fresh but fruit-filled palate. It's a light, dry rosé that is simple but very refreshing. Drink soon.", 'The wine is ripe with attractive acidity. It has plenty of red fruit, a smoky tannic structure and a perfumed aftertaste. With the fruit ready to burst through the tannins, it will be ready to drink from 2017.', "This 100% varietal wine hails from Canyon Vineyard Ranch and Oasis vineyards. It's tart and puckering with notes of cocoa, raspberries and licorice and a firm squeeze of tannins. Barrel notes of vanilla and dill linger on the finish. END
START HERE The wine is ripe with attractive acidity. It has plenty of red fruit, a smoky tannic structure and a perfumed aftertaste. With the fruit ready to burst through the tannins, it will be ready to drink from 2017.', "This 100% varietal wine hails from Canyon Vineyard Ranch and Oasis vineyards. It's tart and puckering with notes of cocoa, raspberries and licorice and a firm squeeze of tannins. Barrel notes of vanilla and dill linger on the finish.", 'This straight forward crowd pleaser brings aromas of apple, raspberry and plum. The palate is ripe and goes down easy. It should bring plenty of fans. END
START HERE This 100% varietal wine hails from Canyon Vineyard Ranch and Oasis vineyards. It's tart and puckering with notes of cocoa, raspberries and licorice and a firm squeeze of tannins. Barrel notes of vanilla and dill linger on the finish.", 'This straight forward crowd pleaser brings aromas of apple, raspberry and plum. The palate is ripe and goes down easy. It should bring plenty of fans.', "Juicy, sun-kissed citrus and stone fruit flavors are straightforward yet concentrated here. Medium-sweet and delicately framed, it's a forward, fruity wine balanced by ample lemon and tangerine acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE This straight forward crowd pleaser brings aromas of apple, raspberry and plum. The palate is ripe and goes down easy. It should bring plenty of fans.', "Juicy, sun-kissed citrus and stone fruit flavors are straightforward yet concentrated here. Medium-sweet and delicately framed, it's a forward, fruity wine balanced by ample lemon and tangerine acidity. Drink now.", "This Cabernet Franc (70%) and Merlot blend brings aromas of green herbs, dark chocolate, flowers and a mixture of red and black fruit. It's soft in feel with polished fruit and barrel flavors that linger. END
START HERE Juicy, sun-kissed citrus and stone fruit flavors are straightforward yet concentrated here. Medium-sweet and delicately framed, it's a forward, fruity wine balanced by ample lemon and tangerine acidity. Drink now.", "This Cabernet Franc (70%) and Merlot blend brings aromas of green herbs, dark chocolate, flowers and a mixture of red and black fruit. It's soft in feel with polished fruit and barrel flavors that linger.", 'Baked, raisiny aromas indicate a very ripe wine. This feels full and heavy on the tongue, with dark, toasty flavors that turn bitter, oaky and peppery on the finish. END
START HERE This Cabernet Franc (70%) and Merlot blend brings aromas of green herbs, dark chocolate, flowers and a mixture of red and black fruit. It's soft in feel with polished fruit and barrel flavors that linger.", 'Baked, raisiny aromas indicate a very ripe wine. This feels full and heavy on the tongue, with dark, toasty flavors that turn bitter, oaky and peppery on the finish.', "Pungent on the nose with aromas of dried herbs and and sweet spices, there's an exotic character to this full-bodied, semidry Riesling. Flavors of dried pineapple, honey and oolong tea on the midpalate end sharply in steely acidity on the finish. END
START HERE Baked, raisiny aromas indicate a very ripe wine. This feels full and heavy on the tongue, with dark, toasty flavors that turn bitter, oaky and peppery on the finish.', "Pungent on the nose with aromas of dried herbs and and sweet spices, there's an exotic character to this full-bodied, semidry Riesling. Flavors of dried pineapple, honey and oolong tea on the midpalate end sharply in steely acidity on the finish.", 'This is a substantial wine, from the dark, dark color to the ripe but dry fruit flavors and firm, tannic texture. Made from 75% Malbec plus Petit Verdot and Cabernet, it is full bodied and hefty in mouthfeel, blending oaky spice accents with blueberry and blackberry flavors. END
START HERE Pungent on the nose with aromas of dried herbs and and sweet spices, there's an exotic character to this full-bodied, semidry Riesling. Flavors of dried pineapple, honey and oolong tea on the midpalate end sharply in steely acidity on the finish.", 'This is a substantial wine, from the dark, dark color to the ripe but dry fruit flavors and firm, tannic texture. Made from 75% Malbec plus Petit Verdot and Cabernet, it is full bodied and hefty in mouthfeel, blending oaky spice accents with blueberry and blackberry flavors.', 'This electric pink colored wine is both too rich and too heavy. It only survives because of a fresh streak of acidity that comes through at the end. Otherwise, it is too much. END
START HERE This is a substantial wine, from the dark, dark color to the ripe but dry fruit flavors and firm, tannic texture. Made from 75% Malbec plus Petit Verdot and Cabernet, it is full bodied and hefty in mouthfeel, blending oaky spice accents with blueberry and blackberry flavors.', 'This electric pink colored wine is both too rich and too heavy. It only survives because of a fresh streak of acidity that comes through at the end. Otherwise, it is too much.', 'Big, chunky, rubbery and loud, but also poised and fruity. The palate is fierce and full, with some scratch but also very lush and ripe flavors of jammy blackberry. Fruity to the max, with a chocolaty finish. A massive wine for $12. END
START HERE This electric pink colored wine is both too rich and too heavy. It only survives because of a fresh streak of acidity that comes through at the end. Otherwise, it is too much.', 'Big, chunky, rubbery and loud, but also poised and fruity. The palate is fierce and full, with some scratch but also very lush and ripe flavors of jammy blackberry. Fruity to the max, with a chocolaty finish. A massive wine for $12.', 'This is at the sweetest edge of off dry (alcohol at 9%, residual sugar 5.1%) and it is loaded with citrus fruit—especially ripe orange—that keeps it lively and refreshing. A well-made, full-bodied Riesling that lingers gracefully through the finish, with a streak of lemon tea. END
START HERE Big, chunky, rubbery and loud, but also poised and fruity. The palate is fierce and full, with some scratch but also very lush and ripe flavors of jammy blackberry. Fruity to the max, with a chocolaty finish. A massive wine for $12.', 'This is at the sweetest edge of off dry (alcohol at 9%, residual sugar 5.1%) and it is loaded with citrus fruit—especially ripe orange—that keeps it lively and refreshing. A well-made, full-bodied Riesling that lingers gracefully through the finish, with a streak of lemon tea.', "Ethereally light in body and texture, this dry Riesling offers loads of juicy tangerine and grapefruit flavors. It's refreshingly tart, with a lean, steely finish. Drink now through 2020. END
START HERE This is at the sweetest edge of off dry (alcohol at 9%, residual sugar 5.1%) and it is loaded with citrus fruit—especially ripe orange—that keeps it lively and refreshing. A well-made, full-bodied Riesling that lingers gracefully through the finish, with a streak of lemon tea.', "Ethereally light in body and texture, this dry Riesling offers loads of juicy tangerine and grapefruit flavors. It's refreshingly tart, with a lean, steely finish. Drink now through 2020.", 'This is a soft fruity wine with ripe strawberry flavor. It has a touch of pepper as well as crisp acidity in the background. Drink now. END
START HERE Ethereally light in body and texture, this dry Riesling offers loads of juicy tangerine and grapefruit flavors. It's refreshingly tart, with a lean, steely finish. Drink now through 2020.", 'This is a soft fruity wine with ripe strawberry flavor. It has a touch of pepper as well as crisp acidity in the background. Drink now.', 'This shows fresh, crisp apple and lemon-cream aromas, with clean appley flavors and buttery accents. Medium bodied, it tends toward the soft, rather than crisp, side. Lively fruit flavors make it refreshing. END
START HERE This is a soft fruity wine with ripe strawberry flavor. It has a touch of pepper as well as crisp acidity in the background. Drink now.', 'This shows fresh, crisp apple and lemon-cream aromas, with clean appley flavors and buttery accents. Medium bodied, it tends toward the soft, rather than crisp, side. Lively fruit flavors make it refreshing.', "Rather unusual smelling, with exotic spice and blue fruit aromas that aren't cut from the normal cloth. It feels rubbery, with black plum, cumin and licorice flavors. Dark and fruity on the finish, it has warm notes of spice covering every angle. A blend of Garnacha, Monastrell, Samso and Syrah. END
START HERE This shows fresh, crisp apple and lemon-cream aromas, with clean appley flavors and buttery accents. Medium bodied, it tends toward the soft, rather than crisp, side. Lively fruit flavors make it refreshing.', "Rather unusual smelling, with exotic spice and blue fruit aromas that aren't cut from the normal cloth. It feels rubbery, with black plum, cumin and licorice flavors. Dark and fruity on the finish, it has warm notes of spice covering every angle. A blend of Garnacha, Monastrell, Samso and Syrah.", 'This reddish-pink rosé of Syrah is clean up front, with touches of yeast, chewing gum and red fruits on the nose. Fairly full-bodied as rosé goes, this tastes fruity but nondescript, while the finish is similar before showing some sweetness. END
START HERE Rather unusual smelling, with exotic spice and blue fruit aromas that aren't cut from the normal cloth. It feels rubbery, with black plum, cumin and licorice flavors. Dark and fruity on the finish, it has warm notes of spice covering every angle. A blend of Garnacha, Monastrell, Samso and Syrah.", 'This reddish-pink rosé of Syrah is clean up front, with touches of yeast, chewing gum and red fruits on the nose. Fairly full-bodied as rosé goes, this tastes fruity but nondescript, while the finish is similar before showing some sweetness.', 'After years of taking its Merlot from southerly Lontué, San Pedro is now using Cachapoal fruit for this everyday wine, and the result seems fruitier and wider than in the past, with aromas of charcoal and herbs setting up black-fruit flavors accented by carob. A full and simple wine that has what it takes to please. END
START HERE This reddish-pink rosé of Syrah is clean up front, with touches of yeast, chewing gum and red fruits on the nose. Fairly full-bodied as rosé goes, this tastes fruity but nondescript, while the finish is similar before showing some sweetness.', 'After years of taking its Merlot from southerly Lontué, San Pedro is now using Cachapoal fruit for this everyday wine, and the result seems fruitier and wider than in the past, with aromas of charcoal and herbs setting up black-fruit flavors accented by carob. A full and simple wine that has what it takes to please.', 'An easy-drinking, tasty Chardonnay at a pretty good price. Shows Central Coast acidity and bright flavors of limes, pineapples and pears, with a touch of sweet oak. END
START HERE After years of taking its Merlot from southerly Lontué, San Pedro is now using Cachapoal fruit for this everyday wine, and the result seems fruitier and wider than in the past, with aromas of charcoal and herbs setting up black-fruit flavors accented by carob. A full and simple wine that has what it takes to please.', 'An easy-drinking, tasty Chardonnay at a pretty good price. Shows Central Coast acidity and bright flavors of limes, pineapples and pears, with a touch of sweet oak.', 'A rugged, simple wine, with raspberry, cherry and spice flavors. Drink it with everyday fare, like burgers or chicken tacos. END
START HERE An easy-drinking, tasty Chardonnay at a pretty good price. Shows Central Coast acidity and bright flavors of limes, pineapples and pears, with a touch of sweet oak.', 'A rugged, simple wine, with raspberry, cherry and spice flavors. Drink it with everyday fare, like burgers or chicken tacos.', "Ste. Michelle's Dry Riesling carries a special, gold-colored label, and the word ‘dry' is prominently displayed. Dry it is, tart and bracing, but not so sour as to demand only oysters as an accompaniment. This is an all-purpose Riesling, great with spicy noodle dishes and other palate-burners. END
START HERE A rugged, simple wine, with raspberry, cherry and spice flavors. Drink it with everyday fare, like burgers or chicken tacos.', "Ste. Michelle's Dry Riesling carries a special, gold-colored label, and the word ‘dry' is prominently displayed. Dry it is, tart and bracing, but not so sour as to demand only oysters as an accompaniment. This is an all-purpose Riesling, great with spicy noodle dishes and other palate-burners.", 'Aromas of peach, red apple skins and cantaloupe come with powdery, soapy notes. This feels fresh, with vivid flavors of stone fruits and peach pit. A steady, clean finish renders this proper for immediate consumption. END
START HERE Ste. Michelle's Dry Riesling carries a special, gold-colored label, and the word ‘dry' is prominently displayed. Dry it is, tart and bracing, but not so sour as to demand only oysters as an accompaniment. This is an all-purpose Riesling, great with spicy noodle dishes and other palate-burners.", 'Aromas of peach, red apple skins and cantaloupe come with powdery, soapy notes. This feels fresh, with vivid flavors of stone fruits and peach pit. A steady, clean finish renders this proper for immediate consumption.', 'A diffuse wine without focus. The tannins and the fruit are some way apart, while the final flavor is dry and tough. END
START HERE Aromas of peach, red apple skins and cantaloupe come with powdery, soapy notes. This feels fresh, with vivid flavors of stone fruits and peach pit. A steady, clean finish renders this proper for immediate consumption.', 'A diffuse wine without focus. The tannins and the fruit are some way apart, while the final flavor is dry and tough.', "Aromas of buttered toast and roasted nuts lead the way, but they're bolstered by ample pineapple and citrus flavors on the palate. Full-bodied, with a soft, easy-drinking finish. END
START HERE A diffuse wine without focus. The tannins and the fruit are some way apart, while the final flavor is dry and tough.', "Aromas of buttered toast and roasted nuts lead the way, but they're bolstered by ample pineapple and citrus flavors on the palate. Full-bodied, with a soft, easy-drinking finish.", "Bright orange and pretty white floral aromas meld luxuriously with a sultry petrol undertone on this Niagara Peninsula Riesling. The off-dry palate offers a refreshing shower of lime and sour tangerine flavors accented by earthy heather and slate notes. For such a bargain price, it's hard to beat this beauty. END
START HERE Aromas of buttered toast and roasted nuts lead the way, but they're bolstered by ample pineapple and citrus flavors on the palate. Full-bodied, with a soft, easy-drinking finish.", "Bright orange and pretty white floral aromas meld luxuriously with a sultry petrol undertone on this Niagara Peninsula Riesling. The off-dry palate offers a refreshing shower of lime and sour tangerine flavors accented by earthy heather and slate notes. For such a bargain price, it's hard to beat this beauty.", 'This is a soft wine that is round and with a fat texture. It is rich with soft crushed strawberry flavors. The acidity does come through at the end to ensure a fresh aftertaste. END
START HERE Bright orange and pretty white floral aromas meld luxuriously with a sultry petrol undertone on this Niagara Peninsula Riesling. The off-dry palate offers a refreshing shower of lime and sour tangerine flavors accented by earthy heather and slate notes. For such a bargain price, it's hard to beat this beauty.", 'This is a soft wine that is round and with a fat texture. It is rich with soft crushed strawberry flavors. The acidity does come through at the end to ensure a fresh aftertaste.', 'Cocoa, dark-roasted-coffee and vanilla aromas are followed by lightly sweet plum and dark fruit flavors that possess a tacky feel. The flavors linger on the finish. END
START HERE This is a soft wine that is round and with a fat texture. It is rich with soft crushed strawberry flavors. The acidity does come through at the end to ensure a fresh aftertaste.', 'Cocoa, dark-roasted-coffee and vanilla aromas are followed by lightly sweet plum and dark fruit flavors that possess a tacky feel. The flavors linger on the finish.', "Sharp and jammy, with blackberry and cherry flavors. It's a simple, direct wine that needs a big, juicy cheeseburger. END
START HERE Cocoa, dark-roasted-coffee and vanilla aromas are followed by lightly sweet plum and dark fruit flavors that possess a tacky feel. The flavors linger on the finish.', "Sharp and jammy, with blackberry and cherry flavors. It's a simple, direct wine that needs a big, juicy cheeseburger.", "Crisply herbal in nature, this is a citrus fruit flavored wine. It's full of refreshing acidity, giving it a lively, bright character and an aftertaste that reinforces that laser focus. END
START HERE Sharp and jammy, with blackberry and cherry flavors. It's a simple, direct wine that needs a big, juicy cheeseburger.", "Crisply herbal in nature, this is a citrus fruit flavored wine. It's full of refreshing acidity, giving it a lively, bright character and an aftertaste that reinforces that laser focus.", 'Generous and aromatic,  this flavorful Merlot is a showcase for ripe black cherry fruit, accented with strong streaks of vanilla and tobacco. The plush, dark fruit leads into a tasty, toasty finish, with notes of licorice and smoke. END
START HERE Crisply herbal in nature, this is a citrus fruit flavored wine. It's full of refreshing acidity, giving it a lively, bright character and an aftertaste that reinforces that laser focus.", 'Generous and aromatic,  this flavorful Merlot is a showcase for ripe black cherry fruit, accented with strong streaks of vanilla and tobacco. The plush, dark fruit leads into a tasty, toasty finish, with notes of licorice and smoke.', 'Granular citrus aromas define the bouquet on this wine. It feels soft, with just enough acidity to avoid flabbiness. Banana and pithy citrus flavors set up a basic finish with lasting bitterness. END
START HERE Generous and aromatic,  this flavorful Merlot is a showcase for ripe black cherry fruit, accented with strong streaks of vanilla and tobacco. The plush, dark fruit leads into a tasty, toasty finish, with notes of licorice and smoke.', 'Granular citrus aromas define the bouquet on this wine. It feels soft, with just enough acidity to avoid flabbiness. Banana and pithy citrus flavors set up a basic finish with lasting bitterness.', 'The aromas of herbs, pencil lead and blue and red fruit are forward, fresh and appealing. The flavors follow similarly, showing depth and balance uncommon for a wine this price. END
START HERE Granular citrus aromas define the bouquet on this wine. It feels soft, with just enough acidity to avoid flabbiness. Banana and pithy citrus flavors set up a basic finish with lasting bitterness.', 'The aromas of herbs, pencil lead and blue and red fruit are forward, fresh and appealing. The flavors follow similarly, showing depth and balance uncommon for a wine this price.', 'Pungent up front, with green herb, white pepper and citrus aromas, this is zesty and acidic on the palate, with a monotonous lemon flavor on the finish. It turns more tart and acidic as it airs. END
START HERE The aromas of herbs, pencil lead and blue and red fruit are forward, fresh and appealing. The flavors follow similarly, showing depth and balance uncommon for a wine this price.', 'Pungent up front, with green herb, white pepper and citrus aromas, this is zesty and acidic on the palate, with a monotonous lemon flavor on the finish. It turns more tart and acidic as it airs.', 'After rubbery, dark-fruit aromas set things up, the palate feels racy and forward, with dark berry, spice and peppery flavors. It feels solid on the finish, while the fruit character holds on for a good while. Readily available, with 300,000 cases made. END
START HERE Pungent up front, with green herb, white pepper and citrus aromas, this is zesty and acidic on the palate, with a monotonous lemon flavor on the finish. It turns more tart and acidic as it airs.', 'After rubbery, dark-fruit aromas set things up, the palate feels racy and forward, with dark berry, spice and peppery flavors. It feels solid on the finish, while the fruit character holds on for a good while. Readily available, with 300,000 cases made.', "Much of the Malbec coming out of Washington starts at nearly twice this price, making this wine from Waterbrook a good opportunity to see what the fuss is about without breaking the bank. This bottle hits the grape's high notes with abundant aromas and flavors of white pepper, plum and herbs accented by soft tannins. END
START HERE After rubbery, dark-fruit aromas set things up, the palate feels racy and forward, with dark berry, spice and peppery flavors. It feels solid on the finish, while the fruit character holds on for a good while. Readily available, with 300,000 cases made.', "Much of the Malbec coming out of Washington starts at nearly twice this price, making this wine from Waterbrook a good opportunity to see what the fuss is about without breaking the bank. This bottle hits the grape's high notes with abundant aromas and flavors of white pepper, plum and herbs accented by soft tannins.", 'Cola and berry aromas are jumpy. This feels tight and rubbery, but reasonably well focused. Standard plum and berry flavors are restrained, while the finish is fruity, with a clipped ending. END
START HERE Much of the Malbec coming out of Washington starts at nearly twice this price, making this wine from Waterbrook a good opportunity to see what the fuss is about without breaking the bank. This bottle hits the grape's high notes with abundant aromas and flavors of white pepper, plum and herbs accented by soft tannins.", 'Cola and berry aromas are jumpy. This feels tight and rubbery, but reasonably well focused. Standard plum and berry flavors are restrained, while the finish is fruity, with a clipped ending.', 'A good tannic edge to this Gonfrier family wine gives it structure and places it in the food category. With plenty of acidity, it is also refreshing, textured at the end with a lift of zesty lemon. END
START HERE Cola and berry aromas are jumpy. This feels tight and rubbery, but reasonably well focused. Standard plum and berry flavors are restrained, while the finish is fruity, with a clipped ending.', 'A good tannic edge to this Gonfrier family wine gives it structure and places it in the food category. With plenty of acidity, it is also refreshing, textured at the end with a lift of zesty lemon.', 'Saline on the nose, with banana, pastry and dusty baked-apple aromas. Shows proper body, good acids and waxy flavors of citrus and apple that are influenced by barrel spice. END
START HERE A good tannic edge to this Gonfrier family wine gives it structure and places it in the food category. With plenty of acidity, it is also refreshing, textured at the end with a lift of zesty lemon.', 'Saline on the nose, with banana, pastry and dusty baked-apple aromas. Shows proper body, good acids and waxy flavors of citrus and apple that are influenced by barrel spice.', "While relatively neutral on the nose with notes of savory apple and pear, the palate is deeply earthy with flavors of mushroom and dried herb. Light in body and alcohol, it's brisk on the palate with a streak of lemon-lime acidity. END
START HERE Saline on the nose, with banana, pastry and dusty baked-apple aromas. Shows proper body, good acids and waxy flavors of citrus and apple that are influenced by barrel spice.', "While relatively neutral on the nose with notes of savory apple and pear, the palate is deeply earthy with flavors of mushroom and dried herb. Light in body and alcohol, it's brisk on the palate with a streak of lemon-lime acidity.", "Casablanca is the new source for this winery's Sauvignon Blanc, which smells prickly and spicy, with lychee and melon notes. Feels smooth, fleshy and round, with green flavors of lime and lychee offset by mild bitterness. Peppery on the finish. END
START HERE While relatively neutral on the nose with notes of savory apple and pear, the palate is deeply earthy with flavors of mushroom and dried herb. Light in body and alcohol, it's brisk on the palate with a streak of lemon-lime acidity.", "Casablanca is the new source for this winery's Sauvignon Blanc, which smells prickly and spicy, with lychee and melon notes. Feels smooth, fleshy and round, with green flavors of lime and lychee offset by mild bitterness. Peppery on the finish.", 'This young wine is so full of fruit. Blackberry and delicious acidity combine with some light tannins to bring out the charm of this fine vintage. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE Casablanca is the new source for this winery's Sauvignon Blanc, which smells prickly and spicy, with lychee and melon notes. Feels smooth, fleshy and round, with green flavors of lime and lychee offset by mild bitterness. Peppery on the finish.", 'This young wine is so full of fruit. Blackberry and delicious acidity combine with some light tannins to bring out the charm of this fine vintage. Drink from 2018.', 'The wine is firm with tannins as well as black-currant fruit. It does have a juicy edge that will develop well as it matures. Drink this potentially attractive wine from 2018. END
START HERE This young wine is so full of fruit. Blackberry and delicious acidity combine with some light tannins to bring out the charm of this fine vintage. Drink from 2018.', 'The wine is firm with tannins as well as black-currant fruit. It does have a juicy edge that will develop well as it matures. Drink this potentially attractive wine from 2018.', 'Rubber and minerally aromas settle on ripe black plum and berry. In the mouth, this Malbec is firm and fresh, with full-force flavors of blackberry, plum, leather and salt. A strong, steady finish confirms overall quality. END
START HERE The wine is firm with tannins as well as black-currant fruit. It does have a juicy edge that will develop well as it matures. Drink this potentially attractive wine from 2018.', 'Rubber and minerally aromas settle on ripe black plum and berry. In the mouth, this Malbec is firm and fresh, with full-force flavors of blackberry, plum, leather and salt. A strong, steady finish confirms overall quality.', 'Watermelon, cantaloupe and peach aromas are just as they should be, while the palate is whole, fresh and full of tangerine and nectarine. Compact, defined and complete, with a smooth, light finish. Nothing miraculous but great for summer sipping. END
START HERE Rubber and minerally aromas settle on ripe black plum and berry. In the mouth, this Malbec is firm and fresh, with full-force flavors of blackberry, plum, leather and salt. A strong, steady finish confirms overall quality.', 'Watermelon, cantaloupe and peach aromas are just as they should be, while the palate is whole, fresh and full of tangerine and nectarine. Compact, defined and complete, with a smooth, light finish. Nothing miraculous but great for summer sipping.', 'The aromas are generous, with notes of red apple, melon, pear and spice. The palate is lightly creamy in feel, very varietal, with a kiss of oak providing accents. END
START HERE Watermelon, cantaloupe and peach aromas are just as they should be, while the palate is whole, fresh and full of tangerine and nectarine. Compact, defined and complete, with a smooth, light finish. Nothing miraculous but great for summer sipping.', 'The aromas are generous, with notes of red apple, melon, pear and spice. The palate is lightly creamy in feel, very varietal, with a kiss of oak providing accents.', 'The yellow apple, melon and spice aromas are bright and inviting. The palate is fresh and clean, with broad, vibrant flavors playing nicely against a tart finish. END
START HERE The aromas are generous, with notes of red apple, melon, pear and spice. The palate is lightly creamy in feel, very varietal, with a kiss of oak providing accents.', 'The yellow apple, melon and spice aromas are bright and inviting. The palate is fresh and clean, with broad, vibrant flavors playing nicely against a tart finish.', 'A heavy dose of petrol is the aromatic greeting, and it comes with hints of rubber, latex and waxy white fruits. Feels tangy and fresh due to blazing acidity, while it tastes both of tropical fruits and diesel. Long and chiseled on the finish. END
START HERE The yellow apple, melon and spice aromas are bright and inviting. The palate is fresh and clean, with broad, vibrant flavors playing nicely against a tart finish.', 'A heavy dose of petrol is the aromatic greeting, and it comes with hints of rubber, latex and waxy white fruits. Feels tangy and fresh due to blazing acidity, while it tastes both of tropical fruits and diesel. Long and chiseled on the finish.', 'This soft, tank-aged wine has attractive apple fruits, a touch of citrus and crisp acidity. Light and fruity, it is ready to drink. END
START HERE A heavy dose of petrol is the aromatic greeting, and it comes with hints of rubber, latex and waxy white fruits. Feels tangy and fresh due to blazing acidity, while it tastes both of tropical fruits and diesel. Long and chiseled on the finish.', 'This soft, tank-aged wine has attractive apple fruits, a touch of citrus and crisp acidity. Light and fruity, it is ready to drink.', "From the beginning this '08 seems as though it has turned; the nose is mildly oxidized and corny, and there's a shortage of freshness. The palate is dull and narrow, with limited apple and sour lime flavors. Acceptable but not at its peak anymore. END
START HERE This soft, tank-aged wine has attractive apple fruits, a touch of citrus and crisp acidity. Light and fruity, it is ready to drink.', "From the beginning this '08 seems as though it has turned; the nose is mildly oxidized and corny, and there's a shortage of freshness. The palate is dull and narrow, with limited apple and sour lime flavors. Acceptable but not at its peak anymore.", 'Intense lemon and lime-skin aromas add sheen to ripe, juicy citrus, peach and honey flavors in this off-dry Riesling. Racy and crisp on the palate, it finishes vibrant and dry with lingering crushed-slate minerality. A fantastic bargain for such a solid wine. END
START HERE From the beginning this '08 seems as though it has turned; the nose is mildly oxidized and corny, and there's a shortage of freshness. The palate is dull and narrow, with limited apple and sour lime flavors. Acceptable but not at its peak anymore.", 'Intense lemon and lime-skin aromas add sheen to ripe, juicy citrus, peach and honey flavors in this off-dry Riesling. Racy and crisp on the palate, it finishes vibrant and dry with lingering crushed-slate minerality. A fantastic bargain for such a solid wine.', 'Simple, with jammy pineapple, mango and vanilla cream flavors that finish sugary sweet. END
START HERE Intense lemon and lime-skin aromas add sheen to ripe, juicy citrus, peach and honey flavors in this off-dry Riesling. Racy and crisp on the palate, it finishes vibrant and dry with lingering crushed-slate minerality. A fantastic bargain for such a solid wine.', 'Simple, with jammy pineapple, mango and vanilla cream flavors that finish sugary sweet.', "Rubbery plum and berry aromas offer notes of leather and metallic minerals. This has an oaky feel, meaning it's sticky and lactic. Herbal, slightly green flavors of plum and berry are sweetened and softened by oak in front of a minty, lightly herbaceous finish. END
START HERE Simple, with jammy pineapple, mango and vanilla cream flavors that finish sugary sweet.', "Rubbery plum and berry aromas offer notes of leather and metallic minerals. This has an oaky feel, meaning it's sticky and lactic. Herbal, slightly green flavors of plum and berry are sweetened and softened by oak in front of a minty, lightly herbaceous finish.", 'Smells neither tropical nor citric as it falls somewhere in the middle of those two common denominators. Feels wet, fresh and minerally, with flavors of lime, green melon, sour apple, green herbs and mineral. Clean, well-cut and tight on the finish, with zesty length. END
START HERE Rubbery plum and berry aromas offer notes of leather and metallic minerals. This has an oaky feel, meaning it's sticky and lactic. Herbal, slightly green flavors of plum and berry are sweetened and softened by oak in front of a minty, lightly herbaceous finish.", 'Smells neither tropical nor citric as it falls somewhere in the middle of those two common denominators. Feels wet, fresh and minerally, with flavors of lime, green melon, sour apple, green herbs and mineral. Clean, well-cut and tight on the finish, with zesty length.', "If you know Falernia and Elqui, then this fits the mold. If you don't, you'll probably find this Malbec to be weird or unlikable. Herbal aromas of olive and road tar are common to the winery and region. In the mouth, this is heavy, syrupy and lacks lift. Blackened stewy berry flavors include notes of cardamom and chocolate. On a flabby finish, this tastes of coffee grounds. END
START HERE Smells neither tropical nor citric as it falls somewhere in the middle of those two common denominators. Feels wet, fresh and minerally, with flavors of lime, green melon, sour apple, green herbs and mineral. Clean, well-cut and tight on the finish, with zesty length.', "If you know Falernia and Elqui, then this fits the mold. If you don't, you'll probably find this Malbec to be weird or unlikable. Herbal aromas of olive and road tar are common to the winery and region. In the mouth, this is heavy, syrupy and lacks lift. Blackened stewy berry flavors include notes of cardamom and chocolate. On a flabby finish, this tastes of coffee grounds.", 'White and pink floral tones of clover and sweet pea waft from the glass on first nosing, with supporting tones of white pear, melon rind and green apple. Gooseberry and pineapple flavors unfold on the palate, framed by ample acidity that results in a short yet clean finish. END
START HERE If you know Falernia and Elqui, then this fits the mold. If you don't, you'll probably find this Malbec to be weird or unlikable. Herbal aromas of olive and road tar are common to the winery and region. In the mouth, this is heavy, syrupy and lacks lift. Blackened stewy berry flavors include notes of cardamom and chocolate. On a flabby finish, this tastes of coffee grounds.", 'White and pink floral tones of clover and sweet pea waft from the glass on first nosing, with supporting tones of white pear, melon rind and green apple. Gooseberry and pineapple flavors unfold on the palate, framed by ample acidity that results in a short yet clean finish.', 'Crisp and lively, this starts with soft scents of pink peony and thyme that add depth and interest to the citrus, pear and tropical fruit core. Medium acidity lifts the palate and carries through to the mouthwatering finish. Drink now. END
START HERE White and pink floral tones of clover and sweet pea waft from the glass on first nosing, with supporting tones of white pear, melon rind and green apple. Gooseberry and pineapple flavors unfold on the palate, framed by ample acidity that results in a short yet clean finish.', 'Crisp and lively, this starts with soft scents of pink peony and thyme that add depth and interest to the citrus, pear and tropical fruit core. Medium acidity lifts the palate and carries through to the mouthwatering finish. Drink now.', "An apple pie type of wine, meaning it's got baked apple, cinnamon and pastry aromas and flavors. The palate is kind of soft and sticky, and with little vital acidity it struggles to keep up. Standard warm-climate Chardonnay. END
START HERE Crisp and lively, this starts with soft scents of pink peony and thyme that add depth and interest to the citrus, pear and tropical fruit core. Medium acidity lifts the palate and carries through to the mouthwatering finish. Drink now.', "An apple pie type of wine, meaning it's got baked apple, cinnamon and pastry aromas and flavors. The palate is kind of soft and sticky, and with little vital acidity it struggles to keep up. Standard warm-climate Chardonnay.", 'Dominated by Cabernet Sauvignon, this structured and firm wine is still young. Solid tannins are cut by the black currant fruit and fresh acidity. Give this wine until 2017 to be at its best. The vineyard is in the eastern end of the Entre-deux-Mers. END
START HERE An apple pie type of wine, meaning it's got baked apple, cinnamon and pastry aromas and flavors. The palate is kind of soft and sticky, and with little vital acidity it struggles to keep up. Standard warm-climate Chardonnay.", 'Dominated by Cabernet Sauvignon, this structured and firm wine is still young. Solid tannins are cut by the black currant fruit and fresh acidity. Give this wine until 2017 to be at its best. The vineyard is in the eastern end of the Entre-deux-Mers.', 'A very faintly aromatic wine that has you leaning far into the glass searching for something. The palate drinks medium sweet with tropical flavors, but lacks the acidity to hold them together. END
START HERE Dominated by Cabernet Sauvignon, this structured and firm wine is still young. Solid tannins are cut by the black currant fruit and fresh acidity. Give this wine until 2017 to be at its best. The vineyard is in the eastern end of the Entre-deux-Mers.', 'A very faintly aromatic wine that has you leaning far into the glass searching for something. The palate drinks medium sweet with tropical flavors, but lacks the acidity to hold them together.', 'Boasting one of the prettiest hot pink-meets-purple colors imaginable in wine, this offers aromas of freeze-dried strawberries, ripe raspberry and a bitter tinge of pink grapefruit and cranberry. The flavors reflect those aromas exactly, particularly the raspberry fruit. END
START HERE A very faintly aromatic wine that has you leaning far into the glass searching for something. The palate drinks medium sweet with tropical flavors, but lacks the acidity to hold them together.', 'Boasting one of the prettiest hot pink-meets-purple colors imaginable in wine, this offers aromas of freeze-dried strawberries, ripe raspberry and a bitter tinge of pink grapefruit and cranberry. The flavors reflect those aromas exactly, particularly the raspberry fruit.', 'Lightly fruity and fresh, a wine that has some crisp acidity although without much definition. The aftertaste is clean, bringing out attractive citrus and red currant fruits. Screwcap. END
START HERE Boasting one of the prettiest hot pink-meets-purple colors imaginable in wine, this offers aromas of freeze-dried strawberries, ripe raspberry and a bitter tinge of pink grapefruit and cranberry. The flavors reflect those aromas exactly, particularly the raspberry fruit.', 'Lightly fruity and fresh, a wine that has some crisp acidity although without much definition. The aftertaste is clean, bringing out attractive citrus and red currant fruits. Screwcap.', "An everyday Cabernet, this has blackberry, plum and oak flavors. It's dry and full-bodied, and it will satisfy red wine drinkers at parties. END
START HERE Lightly fruity and fresh, a wine that has some crisp acidity although without much definition. The aftertaste is clean, bringing out attractive citrus and red currant fruits. Screwcap.', "An everyday Cabernet, this has blackberry, plum and oak flavors. It's dry and full-bodied, and it will satisfy red wine drinkers at parties.", "Aromas of sweet melon and honey suggest an innocuous quality that's confirmed on the palate, where basic apple and pear flavors come across a bit sweet. Finishes with some scour and a little harshness. END
START HERE An everyday Cabernet, this has blackberry, plum and oak flavors. It's dry and full-bodied, and it will satisfy red wine drinkers at parties.", "Aromas of sweet melon and honey suggest an innocuous quality that's confirmed on the palate, where basic apple and pear flavors come across a bit sweet. Finishes with some scour and a little harshness.", "Not sweet or soft, this assertive dry wine has effusive herb and snap-pea aromas and flavors, bright acidity and medium body. It's a refreshing pour for a hot afternoon or evening. END
START HERE Aromas of sweet melon and honey suggest an innocuous quality that's confirmed on the palate, where basic apple and pear flavors come across a bit sweet. Finishes with some scour and a little harshness.", "Not sweet or soft, this assertive dry wine has effusive herb and snap-pea aromas and flavors, bright acidity and medium body. It's a refreshing pour for a hot afternoon or evening.", 'Bland, oaky aromas register as resiny. This has a heavy, syrupy mouthfeel. Flavors of canned pineapple and peach finish heavy. END
START HERE Not sweet or soft, this assertive dry wine has effusive herb and snap-pea aromas and flavors, bright acidity and medium body. It's a refreshing pour for a hot afternoon or evening.", 'Bland, oaky aromas register as resiny. This has a heavy, syrupy mouthfeel. Flavors of canned pineapple and peach finish heavy.', 'This shows simple, candied raspberry and cherry flavors, with a nice spiciness. The mouthfeel is creamy and silky. END
START HERE Bland, oaky aromas register as resiny. This has a heavy, syrupy mouthfeel. Flavors of canned pineapple and peach finish heavy.', 'This shows simple, candied raspberry and cherry flavors, with a nice spiciness. The mouthfeel is creamy and silky.', 'Sweet and honeyed, but flat and cloying. Candied melon and citrus flavors run heavy and chunky, and the finish is more of the same. Big, ripe, sticky and sweet but definitely not elevated in class. END
START HERE This shows simple, candied raspberry and cherry flavors, with a nice spiciness. The mouthfeel is creamy and silky.', 'Sweet and honeyed, but flat and cloying. Candied melon and citrus flavors run heavy and chunky, and the finish is more of the same. Big, ripe, sticky and sweet but definitely not elevated in class.', 'A nice, crisp Chard that has pineapple, peach, pear and caramel-vanilla flavors that turn honeyed and spicy on the finish. From the Sonoma producer Ty Caton. END
START HERE Sweet and honeyed, but flat and cloying. Candied melon and citrus flavors run heavy and chunky, and the finish is more of the same. Big, ripe, sticky and sweet but definitely not elevated in class.', 'A nice, crisp Chard that has pineapple, peach, pear and caramel-vanilla flavors that turn honeyed and spicy on the finish. From the Sonoma producer Ty Caton.', 'This is a creamy style of Sauvignon Blanc, bone-dry while softly textured. Balanced, fresh and with attractive green apple flavors, it is ready to drink. END
START HERE A nice, crisp Chard that has pineapple, peach, pear and caramel-vanilla flavors that turn honeyed and spicy on the finish. From the Sonoma producer Ty Caton.', 'This is a creamy style of Sauvignon Blanc, bone-dry while softly textured. Balanced, fresh and with attractive green apple flavors, it is ready to drink.', 'This delicious Chardonnay offers creamy opulence and rich notes of vanilla, honey and peach. It has dense, slightly sweet, fruit flavors lavished over good structure and ends with spicy crispness. Pair it with white meat or pasta salad. END
START HERE This is a creamy style of Sauvignon Blanc, bone-dry while softly textured. Balanced, fresh and with attractive green apple flavors, it is ready to drink.', 'This delicious Chardonnay offers creamy opulence and rich notes of vanilla, honey and peach. It has dense, slightly sweet, fruit flavors lavished over good structure and ends with spicy crispness. Pair it with white meat or pasta salad.', 'Medium-intense scents of black plum- and cherry-skin lead the way on the nose of this rich wine. The palate is dense, with mouthcoating tanning that retail their grip through the tight finish. The fruit is secondary to the structure. END
START HERE This delicious Chardonnay offers creamy opulence and rich notes of vanilla, honey and peach. It has dense, slightly sweet, fruit flavors lavished over good structure and ends with spicy crispness. Pair it with white meat or pasta salad.', 'Medium-intense scents of black plum- and cherry-skin lead the way on the nose of this rich wine. The palate is dense, with mouthcoating tanning that retail their grip through the tight finish. The fruit is secondary to the structure.', 'The aromas on this wine run jammy, soft and baked. This is medium in intensity, with some dilution and herbal flavors of tobacco, berry and spice. The finish is modest and a bit green. END
START HERE Medium-intense scents of black plum- and cherry-skin lead the way on the nose of this rich wine. The palate is dense, with mouthcoating tanning that retail their grip through the tight finish. The fruit is secondary to the structure.', 'The aromas on this wine run jammy, soft and baked. This is medium in intensity, with some dilution and herbal flavors of tobacco, berry and spice. The finish is modest and a bit green.', "A soft, apple-y, ripe wine, this is a broad, fruity and instantly attractive wine. A fine example of cool, unoaked Chardonnay, it's lightly fragrant and crisp on the finish. Screwcap. END
START HERE The aromas on this wine run jammy, soft and baked. This is medium in intensity, with some dilution and herbal flavors of tobacco, berry and spice. The finish is modest and a bit green.', "A soft, apple-y, ripe wine, this is a broad, fruity and instantly attractive wine. A fine example of cool, unoaked Chardonnay, it's lightly fragrant and crisp on the finish. Screwcap.", 'From the start, this is a heavily roasted and fully oaked wine. The nose is charred and cooked, with black-fruit aromas lurking below the surface. The mouth is drying and shows black-fruit flavors along with burnt meat, licorice, lemon peel and herbs. END
START HERE A soft, apple-y, ripe wine, this is a broad, fruity and instantly attractive wine. A fine example of cool, unoaked Chardonnay, it's lightly fragrant and crisp on the finish. Screwcap.", 'From the start, this is a heavily roasted and fully oaked wine. The nose is charred and cooked, with black-fruit aromas lurking below the surface. The mouth is drying and shows black-fruit flavors along with burnt meat, licorice, lemon peel and herbs.', 'Smells and tastes a little weedy, with green, stalky notes, but saved from disgrace by the pretty blackberry flavors and rich texture. Dry, with firm but easy tannins and good acids, this is a nice everyday sipper at a fair price. END
START HERE From the start, this is a heavily roasted and fully oaked wine. The nose is charred and cooked, with black-fruit aromas lurking below the surface. The mouth is drying and shows black-fruit flavors along with burnt meat, licorice, lemon peel and herbs.', 'Smells and tastes a little weedy, with green, stalky notes, but saved from disgrace by the pretty blackberry flavors and rich texture. Dry, with firm but easy tannins and good acids, this is a nice everyday sipper at a fair price.', "This grassy, slightly stalky smelling SB struggles with purity on the nose. In the mouth, however, it's lifted and shows good feel along with flavors of green herbs and citrus. The finish is under control, with adequate cut. END
START HERE Smells and tastes a little weedy, with green, stalky notes, but saved from disgrace by the pretty blackberry flavors and rich texture. Dry, with firm but easy tannins and good acids, this is a nice everyday sipper at a fair price.', "This grassy, slightly stalky smelling SB struggles with purity on the nose. In the mouth, however, it's lifted and shows good feel along with flavors of green herbs and citrus. The finish is under control, with adequate cut.", 'Quintessential Best Buy stuff, with full aromas of meaty berry and leather. Concentrated and dark across the palate, with full-bodied black fruit, black olive and savory flavors. Offers all the color, weight and fruit that a $12 wine should. END
START HERE This grassy, slightly stalky smelling SB struggles with purity on the nose. In the mouth, however, it's lifted and shows good feel along with flavors of green herbs and citrus. The finish is under control, with adequate cut.", 'Quintessential Best Buy stuff, with full aromas of meaty berry and leather. Concentrated and dark across the palate, with full-bodied black fruit, black olive and savory flavors. Offers all the color, weight and fruit that a $12 wine should.', "Lots of oak on this Chardonnay, but it's awkward, and feels overworked and sweetly simple, despite some pretty pineapple jam flavors. END
START HERE Quintessential Best Buy stuff, with full aromas of meaty berry and leather. Concentrated and dark across the palate, with full-bodied black fruit, black olive and savory flavors. Offers all the color, weight and fruit that a $12 wine should.', "Lots of oak on this Chardonnay, but it's awkward, and feels overworked and sweetly simple, despite some pretty pineapple jam flavors.", "Good but basic wine from southern Spain that shows cherry aromas with a citrusy twist. The mix is Monastrell with Syrah and Tempranillo, and as a whole it is composed, with berry, plum and other straightforward flavors. A plump, friendly sort of wine that isn't too complicated. END
START HERE Lots of oak on this Chardonnay, but it's awkward, and feels overworked and sweetly simple, despite some pretty pineapple jam flavors.", "Good but basic wine from southern Spain that shows cherry aromas with a citrusy twist. The mix is Monastrell with Syrah and Tempranillo, and as a whole it is composed, with berry, plum and other straightforward flavors. A plump, friendly sort of wine that isn't too complicated.", 'With its forward acidity, this shows its fresh side before revealing its ripe red-berry flavors. Tannins form a firm, solid base that dominates the finish. END
START HERE Good but basic wine from southern Spain that shows cherry aromas with a citrusy twist. The mix is Monastrell with Syrah and Tempranillo, and as a whole it is composed, with berry, plum and other straightforward flavors. A plump, friendly sort of wine that isn't too complicated.", 'With its forward acidity, this shows its fresh side before revealing its ripe red-berry flavors. Tannins form a firm, solid base that dominates the finish.', 'Although this wine is a little on the sweet, soda pop side, its acidity is brisk and refreshing. The pineapple, Meyer lemon and spice flavors have a streak of tart gooseberries. END
START HERE With its forward acidity, this shows its fresh side before revealing its ripe red-berry flavors. Tannins form a firm, solid base that dominates the finish.', 'Although this wine is a little on the sweet, soda pop side, its acidity is brisk and refreshing. The pineapple, Meyer lemon and spice flavors have a streak of tart gooseberries.', "Hard gritty aromas suggest underripe raw materials. This feels O.K. but tastes like it smells: gritty and underripe. On the finish, it's more of the same but with no wetness to cut the grit. END
START HERE Although this wine is a little on the sweet, soda pop side, its acidity is brisk and refreshing. The pineapple, Meyer lemon and spice flavors have a streak of tart gooseberries.', "Hard gritty aromas suggest underripe raw materials. This feels O.K. but tastes like it smells: gritty and underripe. On the finish, it's more of the same but with no wetness to cut the grit.", 'Firm, tough, mineral and austere, this is a dense wine that grabs you with its structure and dark fruits. The acidity is lean, needing more time to develop as the wine fleshes out. END
START HERE Hard gritty aromas suggest underripe raw materials. This feels O.K. but tastes like it smells: gritty and underripe. On the finish, it's more of the same but with no wetness to cut the grit.", 'Firm, tough, mineral and austere, this is a dense wine that grabs you with its structure and dark fruits. The acidity is lean, needing more time to develop as the wine fleshes out.', 'Stalky haystack aromas are yeasty. A chunky palate is shapeless, while this tastes of mustard and tart apple. A murky tasting finish turns salty as it fades away. END
START HERE Firm, tough, mineral and austere, this is a dense wine that grabs you with its structure and dark fruits. The acidity is lean, needing more time to develop as the wine fleshes out.', 'Stalky haystack aromas are yeasty. A chunky palate is shapeless, while this tastes of mustard and tart apple. A murky tasting finish turns salty as it fades away.', 'A blend of Cabernet, Merlot and Syrah, this is a powerful red for the Gascony region. Ripe berry fruits and layers of firm tannins gain extra richness from the wood-aging flavors and juicy acidity. It could age another year, so drink from 2016. END
START HERE Stalky haystack aromas are yeasty. A chunky palate is shapeless, while this tastes of mustard and tart apple. A murky tasting finish turns salty as it fades away.', 'A blend of Cabernet, Merlot and Syrah, this is a powerful red for the Gascony region. Ripe berry fruits and layers of firm tannins gain extra richness from the wood-aging flavors and juicy acidity. It could age another year, so drink from 2016.', 'An attractive pale rosé color leads to a wine that is made from organically grown grapes. It is fruity with spice and tangerine zest. Red-currant flavors provide acidity and a crisp aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE A blend of Cabernet, Merlot and Syrah, this is a powerful red for the Gascony region. Ripe berry fruits and layers of firm tannins gain extra richness from the wood-aging flavors and juicy acidity. It could age another year, so drink from 2016.', 'An attractive pale rosé color leads to a wine that is made from organically grown grapes. It is fruity with spice and tangerine zest. Red-currant flavors provide acidity and a crisp aftertaste. Drink now', "Smooth and richly aromatic, with pear and apple notes to go with the full allotment of oak and butter. This is Bisquertt's attempt at a top-shelf Chard, and it isn't a bad effort. The palate deals plenty of pear and mango flavors, while the finish is warm and oaky. Well made, yet a bit flat. Drink this year for best results. Best Buy. END
START HERE An attractive pale rosé color leads to a wine that is made from organically grown grapes. It is fruity with spice and tangerine zest. Red-currant flavors provide acidity and a crisp aftertaste. Drink now', "Smooth and richly aromatic, with pear and apple notes to go with the full allotment of oak and butter. This is Bisquertt's attempt at a top-shelf Chard, and it isn't a bad effort. The palate deals plenty of pear and mango flavors, while the finish is warm and oaky. Well made, yet a bit flat. Drink this year for best results. Best Buy.", "Simple and jammy, with raspberry and cherry flavors. It's a totally dry wine, with a fresh cut of acidity. END
START HERE Smooth and richly aromatic, with pear and apple notes to go with the full allotment of oak and butter. This is Bisquertt's attempt at a top-shelf Chard, and it isn't a bad effort. The palate deals plenty of pear and mango flavors, while the finish is warm and oaky. Well made, yet a bit flat. Drink this year for best results. Best Buy.", "Simple and jammy, with raspberry and cherry flavors. It's a totally dry wine, with a fresh cut of acidity.", 'This medium-bodied, silky-textured rosé features modestly confected aromas of bubble gum and cotton candy, which give way on the palate to vinous notes of cherry and wet stone. Drink up. END
START HERE Simple and jammy, with raspberry and cherry flavors. It's a totally dry wine, with a fresh cut of acidity.", 'This medium-bodied, silky-textured rosé features modestly confected aromas of bubble gum and cotton candy, which give way on the palate to vinous notes of cherry and wet stone. Drink up.', 'This is a rather bulky, chunky Merlot, with decent levels of grapy black cherry and cassis fruit. It lacks elegance, but makes up for it with plenty of intensity and flavor. Drink now. END
START HERE This medium-bodied, silky-textured rosé features modestly confected aromas of bubble gum and cotton candy, which give way on the palate to vinous notes of cherry and wet stone. Drink up.', 'This is a rather bulky, chunky Merlot, with decent levels of grapy black cherry and cassis fruit. It lacks elegance, but makes up for it with plenty of intensity and flavor. Drink now.', 'Blending Duras and Syrah indicates how Gaillac is at the median point between the Atlantic and Mediterranean climates in France. The wine is earthy, herbal, rich while rustic. It has a big, spicy background to the red fruits and will certainly develop. Drink from 2016. END
START HERE This is a rather bulky, chunky Merlot, with decent levels of grapy black cherry and cassis fruit. It lacks elegance, but makes up for it with plenty of intensity and flavor. Drink now.', 'Blending Duras and Syrah indicates how Gaillac is at the median point between the Atlantic and Mediterranean climates in France. The wine is earthy, herbal, rich while rustic. It has a big, spicy background to the red fruits and will certainly develop. Drink from 2016.', "A really good value in a California Chardonnay. Blended with a touch of Viognier to add brightness, and fermented in a little new oak, it hits just the right notes for today's popular taste. Slightly sweet in buttered toast and pineapple jam flavors, it's balanced with crisp acidity and a stony minerality. END
START HERE Blending Duras and Syrah indicates how Gaillac is at the median point between the Atlantic and Mediterranean climates in France. The wine is earthy, herbal, rich while rustic. It has a big, spicy background to the red fruits and will certainly develop. Drink from 2016.', "A really good value in a California Chardonnay. Blended with a touch of Viognier to add brightness, and fermented in a little new oak, it hits just the right notes for today's popular taste. Slightly sweet in buttered toast and pineapple jam flavors, it's balanced with crisp acidity and a stony minerality.", 'Great price for a super-drinkable Sauvignon Blanc. Brilliantly crisp and mouthwateringly clean, it delivers bone-dry flavors of lemons, limes and grapefruits, with a wildflowery spiciness. END
START HERE A really good value in a California Chardonnay. Blended with a touch of Viognier to add brightness, and fermented in a little new oak, it hits just the right notes for today's popular taste. Slightly sweet in buttered toast and pineapple jam flavors, it's balanced with crisp acidity and a stony minerality.", 'Great price for a super-drinkable Sauvignon Blanc. Brilliantly crisp and mouthwateringly clean, it delivers bone-dry flavors of lemons, limes and grapefruits, with a wildflowery spiciness.', 'The wine does have fruit, but it is masked by strong burnt tannins from the wood aging. The acidity shows the possibility of red berry fruits appearing later. END
START HERE Great price for a super-drinkable Sauvignon Blanc. Brilliantly crisp and mouthwateringly clean, it delivers bone-dry flavors of lemons, limes and grapefruits, with a wildflowery spiciness.', 'The wine does have fruit, but it is masked by strong burnt tannins from the wood aging. The acidity shows the possibility of red berry fruits appearing later.', 'This smells and tastes like vanilla, mango and honeysuckle. While the alcohol level is relatively modest, it is apparent. END
START HERE The wine does have fruit, but it is masked by strong burnt tannins from the wood aging. The acidity shows the possibility of red berry fruits appearing later.', 'This smells and tastes like vanilla, mango and honeysuckle. While the alcohol level is relatively modest, it is apparent.', 'Merlot and Cabernet Franc make up the majority of this blend. Aromas of blue fruit, herb, pencil lead and barrel spice are followed by smooth plum flavors. Milk chocolate notes persist on the finish. END
START HERE This smells and tastes like vanilla, mango and honeysuckle. While the alcohol level is relatively modest, it is apparent.', 'Merlot and Cabernet Franc make up the majority of this blend. Aromas of blue fruit, herb, pencil lead and barrel spice are followed by smooth plum flavors. Milk chocolate notes persist on the finish.', 'A rosé of Tempranillo, with Syrah and Malbec blended in, Matchbook always offers good value on its wines, with this one basic and simple in its ripe raspberry and jasmine qualities. Drink cold. END
START HERE Merlot and Cabernet Franc make up the majority of this blend. Aromas of blue fruit, herb, pencil lead and barrel spice are followed by smooth plum flavors. Milk chocolate notes persist on the finish.', 'A rosé of Tempranillo, with Syrah and Malbec blended in, Matchbook always offers good value on its wines, with this one basic and simple in its ripe raspberry and jasmine qualities. Drink cold.', 'Oxidized and mute, with mushy, nutty flavors and a similar finish. An underperformer that lacks freshness, purity and character. END
START HERE A rosé of Tempranillo, with Syrah and Malbec blended in, Matchbook always offers good value on its wines, with this one basic and simple in its ripe raspberry and jasmine qualities. Drink cold.', 'Oxidized and mute, with mushy, nutty flavors and a similar finish. An underperformer that lacks freshness, purity and character.', 'This is full bodied, firm and fruity, with solid tannins and concentrated flavors of black fruit, tar, licorice and wood. END
START HERE Oxidized and mute, with mushy, nutty flavors and a similar finish. An underperformer that lacks freshness, purity and character.', 'This is full bodied, firm and fruity, with solid tannins and concentrated flavors of black fruit, tar, licorice and wood.', "This is a fat, rich wine, with fruits that are sweet and ripe. With its weight and caramel flavor, it's a full-bodied effort suitable for food. END
START HERE This is full bodied, firm and fruity, with solid tannins and concentrated flavors of black fruit, tar, licorice and wood.', "This is a fat, rich wine, with fruits that are sweet and ripe. With its weight and caramel flavor, it's a full-bodied effort suitable for food.", 'Made from Syrah, this pink-colored rosé is ripe and full. Full-on strawberry flavors have a bitter edge as well as acidity. It needs to be drunk now. END
START HERE This is a fat, rich wine, with fruits that are sweet and ripe. With its weight and caramel flavor, it's a full-bodied effort suitable for food.", 'Made from Syrah, this pink-colored rosé is ripe and full. Full-on strawberry flavors have a bitter edge as well as acidity. It needs to be drunk now.', 'Reedy weedy aromas include notes of motor oil and leafy berry fruits. This tastes as weedy as it smells, with underripe herbal berry flavors that never shed an overriding green essence. END
START HERE Made from Syrah, this pink-colored rosé is ripe and full. Full-on strawberry flavors have a bitter edge as well as acidity. It needs to be drunk now.', 'Reedy weedy aromas include notes of motor oil and leafy berry fruits. This tastes as weedy as it smells, with underripe herbal berry flavors that never shed an overriding green essence.', 'Green and funky smelling, with a grassy, tomato character. Sticky and unctuous on the palate, with a strange, weedy set of red fruit flavors. Finishes creamy and weak; barely acceptable but still not fresh or well balanced. END
START HERE Reedy weedy aromas include notes of motor oil and leafy berry fruits. This tastes as weedy as it smells, with underripe herbal berry flavors that never shed an overriding green essence.', 'Green and funky smelling, with a grassy, tomato character. Sticky and unctuous on the palate, with a strange, weedy set of red fruit flavors. Finishes creamy and weak; barely acceptable but still not fresh or well balanced.', 'The Nugan Vision Cabernet Sauvignon over-delivers for its price point. The fruit expression is bold and ripe, with intense raspberry and blackberry liqueur scents followed by tangy cherry pie filling in the mouth. Ends up on a lingering mocha note. Drink now to 2011. END
START HERE Green and funky smelling, with a grassy, tomato character. Sticky and unctuous on the palate, with a strange, weedy set of red fruit flavors. Finishes creamy and weak; barely acceptable but still not fresh or well balanced.', 'The Nugan Vision Cabernet Sauvignon over-delivers for its price point. The fruit expression is bold and ripe, with intense raspberry and blackberry liqueur scents followed by tangy cherry pie filling in the mouth. Ends up on a lingering mocha note. Drink now to 2011.', 'From two vineyards located in the warmer part of Santa Ynez Valley, this Sauvignon Blanc was mostly fermented in stainless steel, with a portion in neutal oak. The result is a nice, rich and creamy wine, slightly sweet in citrus, apricot and vanilla bean flavors, and balanced with crisp acidity. END
START HERE The Nugan Vision Cabernet Sauvignon over-delivers for its price point. The fruit expression is bold and ripe, with intense raspberry and blackberry liqueur scents followed by tangy cherry pie filling in the mouth. Ends up on a lingering mocha note. Drink now to 2011.', 'From two vineyards located in the warmer part of Santa Ynez Valley, this Sauvignon Blanc was mostly fermented in stainless steel, with a portion in neutal oak. The result is a nice, rich and creamy wine, slightly sweet in citrus, apricot and vanilla bean flavors, and balanced with crisp acidity.', 'Strawberry and other red-fruit aromas run the bouquet. The palate is tangy and crisp, with dry but clean red-fruit flavors. Mildly spiced on the finish, this has length and purity. A very good quaffer. END
START HERE From two vineyards located in the warmer part of Santa Ynez Valley, this Sauvignon Blanc was mostly fermented in stainless steel, with a portion in neutal oak. The result is a nice, rich and creamy wine, slightly sweet in citrus, apricot and vanilla bean flavors, and balanced with crisp acidity.', 'Strawberry and other red-fruit aromas run the bouquet. The palate is tangy and crisp, with dry but clean red-fruit flavors. Mildly spiced on the finish, this has length and purity. A very good quaffer.', "Shows some roughness and burnt leaves on the nose, but it settles on raspberry and cherry. In the mouth, it's a bit soft and flat due to low acidity, and the flavors lean toward sweet and candied, as if some residual sugar was left on the wine. Tastes good enough, but it's candied and simple. Drink now. END
START HERE Strawberry and other red-fruit aromas run the bouquet. The palate is tangy and crisp, with dry but clean red-fruit flavors. Mildly spiced on the finish, this has length and purity. A very good quaffer.', "Shows some roughness and burnt leaves on the nose, but it settles on raspberry and cherry. In the mouth, it's a bit soft and flat due to low acidity, and the flavors lean toward sweet and candied, as if some residual sugar was left on the wine. Tastes good enough, but it's candied and simple. Drink now.", 'Going more for stalky tannins, this is a youthful, but also austere wine. It has perfumed wood along with hints of black currant tightly encased in a severe outer shell. END
START HERE Shows some roughness and burnt leaves on the nose, but it settles on raspberry and cherry. In the mouth, it's a bit soft and flat due to low acidity, and the flavors lean toward sweet and candied, as if some residual sugar was left on the wine. Tastes good enough, but it's candied and simple. Drink now.", 'Going more for stalky tannins, this is a youthful, but also austere wine. It has perfumed wood along with hints of black currant tightly encased in a severe outer shell.', "It's good to see a wine in that increasingly rare sight: a Provence skittle-shaped bottle. This is a light and fruity wine from vineyards on the Massif des Maures, close to the sea. It has a bright crisp aftertaste with plenty of acidity to keep it all very crisp. Skittles is the precursor to lawn and indoor bowling. END
START HERE Going more for stalky tannins, this is a youthful, but also austere wine. It has perfumed wood along with hints of black currant tightly encased in a severe outer shell.', "It's good to see a wine in that increasingly rare sight: a Provence skittle-shaped bottle. This is a light and fruity wine from vineyards on the Massif des Maures, close to the sea. It has a bright crisp aftertaste with plenty of acidity to keep it all very crisp. Skittles is the precursor to lawn and indoor bowling.", "Sort of creamy and unconvincing on the nose, with carob and stemmy berry aromas. The palate runs toward red fruit, but it's also a bit green and herbal. Finishing notes of chocolate and green herbs are typical of Merlot, yet there isn't enough ripe fruit or excitement. Hence, it's a mid-level red wine with some green character. Contains 9% Cabernet and 5% Shiraz. END
START HERE It's good to see a wine in that increasingly rare sight: a Provence skittle-shaped bottle. This is a light and fruity wine from vineyards on the Massif des Maures, close to the sea. It has a bright crisp aftertaste with plenty of acidity to keep it all very crisp. Skittles is the precursor to lawn and indoor bowling.", "Sort of creamy and unconvincing on the nose, with carob and stemmy berry aromas. The palate runs toward red fruit, but it's also a bit green and herbal. Finishing notes of chocolate and green herbs are typical of Merlot, yet there isn't enough ripe fruit or excitement. Hence, it's a mid-level red wine with some green character. Contains 9% Cabernet and 5% Shiraz.", 'Tannic and tight, this shows some reductive scents of tar and rubber. Smoky cassis and strong herbal notes lead into a quick finish with some bitterness. Two bottles tasted. END
START HERE Sort of creamy and unconvincing on the nose, with carob and stemmy berry aromas. The palate runs toward red fruit, but it's also a bit green and herbal. Finishing notes of chocolate and green herbs are typical of Merlot, yet there isn't enough ripe fruit or excitement. Hence, it's a mid-level red wine with some green character. Contains 9% Cabernet and 5% Shiraz.", 'Tannic and tight, this shows some reductive scents of tar and rubber. Smoky cassis and strong herbal notes lead into a quick finish with some bitterness. Two bottles tasted.', 'Baked apple and baking spice aromas lead to a lightly creamy palate capped off by a tart, lemony finish. It provides a lot of appeal. END
START HERE Tannic and tight, this shows some reductive scents of tar and rubber. Smoky cassis and strong herbal notes lead into a quick finish with some bitterness. Two bottles tasted.', 'Baked apple and baking spice aromas lead to a lightly creamy palate capped off by a tart, lemony finish. It provides a lot of appeal.', 'Tropical and toasty, with buttercup and banana on the nose. Good acidity keeps the palate zesty and moving forward, while the flavors of lemon, lime and pineapple are juicy and clean. Good in a fresh and simple way, with just a spot of oak character. END
START HERE Baked apple and baking spice aromas lead to a lightly creamy palate capped off by a tart, lemony finish. It provides a lot of appeal.', 'Tropical and toasty, with buttercup and banana on the nose. Good acidity keeps the palate zesty and moving forward, while the flavors of lemon, lime and pineapple are juicy and clean. Good in a fresh and simple way, with just a spot of oak character.', "Very soft, not quite dry, this red wine is ripe and full. It has a gentle structure with some stalky black fruits and ripe tannins. It's very ready to drink. END
START HERE Tropical and toasty, with buttercup and banana on the nose. Good acidity keeps the palate zesty and moving forward, while the flavors of lemon, lime and pineapple are juicy and clean. Good in a fresh and simple way, with just a spot of oak character.', "Very soft, not quite dry, this red wine is ripe and full. It has a gentle structure with some stalky black fruits and ripe tannins. It's very ready to drink.", 'Dry and crisp in acidity, this Sauvignon Blanc shows pineapple and lime flavors, with a strong hit of gooseberry. May be too green for some, but it gets those tastebuds whistling. END
START HERE Very soft, not quite dry, this red wine is ripe and full. It has a gentle structure with some stalky black fruits and ripe tannins. It's very ready to drink.", 'Dry and crisp in acidity, this Sauvignon Blanc shows pineapple and lime flavors, with a strong hit of gooseberry. May be too green for some, but it gets those tastebuds whistling.', "A warm, fruity rosé, softly textured and full of strawberry fruits. There's a fine touch of acidity to balance and a dry aftertaste. Ready to drink. END
START HERE Dry and crisp in acidity, this Sauvignon Blanc shows pineapple and lime flavors, with a strong hit of gooseberry. May be too green for some, but it gets those tastebuds whistling.', "A warm, fruity rosé, softly textured and full of strawberry fruits. There's a fine touch of acidity to balance and a dry aftertaste. Ready to drink.", "This wine has some structure, with enough tannins to sustain the red-berry fruits. It's juicy, with stalky acidity and an attractive texture that will allow it to age a few months. Drink from early 2017. END
START HERE A warm, fruity rosé, softly textured and full of strawberry fruits. There's a fine touch of acidity to balance and a dry aftertaste. Ready to drink.", "This wine has some structure, with enough tannins to sustain the red-berry fruits. It's juicy, with stalky acidity and an attractive texture that will allow it to age a few months. Drink from early 2017.", 'Harsh and hot, with chili pepper, mint and thinned-down blackberry and cherry flavors. END
START HERE This wine has some structure, with enough tannins to sustain the red-berry fruits. It's juicy, with stalky acidity and an attractive texture that will allow it to age a few months. Drink from early 2017.", 'Harsh and hot, with chili pepper, mint and thinned-down blackberry and cherry flavors.', "Melon, citrus and herb notes are well balanced in this pleasing, refreshing, light wine. Bright and fresh to the end, it's perfect for summer quaffing. END
START HERE Harsh and hot, with chili pepper, mint and thinned-down blackberry and cherry flavors.', "Melon, citrus and herb notes are well balanced in this pleasing, refreshing, light wine. Bright and fresh to the end, it's perfect for summer quaffing.", 'A sweet rosé that is light and fresh from the crisp raspberry acidity. It is bright and fruity, ready to drink. END
START HERE Melon, citrus and herb notes are well balanced in this pleasing, refreshing, light wine. Bright and fresh to the end, it's perfect for summer quaffing.", 'A sweet rosé that is light and fresh from the crisp raspberry acidity. It is bright and fruity, ready to drink.', "Having liked the 2007 rosé from Los Vascos, this pickled, citric burner just doesn't cut it. It shows Sauvignon Blanc-like flavors and acidity, while the finish is sour and briney. Devoid of the charm and pleasantries that rosé should deliver. END
START HERE A sweet rosé that is light and fresh from the crisp raspberry acidity. It is bright and fruity, ready to drink.', "Having liked the 2007 rosé from Los Vascos, this pickled, citric burner just doesn't cut it. It shows Sauvignon Blanc-like flavors and acidity, while the finish is sour and briney. Devoid of the charm and pleasantries that rosé should deliver.", 'Rustic and simple, this has some decent cherry-berry flavors. Drink up. END
START HERE Having liked the 2007 rosé from Los Vascos, this pickled, citric burner just doesn't cut it. It shows Sauvignon Blanc-like flavors and acidity, while the finish is sour and briney. Devoid of the charm and pleasantries that rosé should deliver.", 'Rustic and simple, this has some decent cherry-berry flavors. Drink up.', 'Simple, with cherry jam, mint and cola flavors. Crisp coastal acidity makes it mouthwatering. END
START HERE Rustic and simple, this has some decent cherry-berry flavors. Drink up.', 'Simple, with cherry jam, mint and cola flavors. Crisp coastal acidity makes it mouthwatering.', 'A simple Sauvignon Blanc that tastes of cantaloupe. Serve it at a big outdoor party or any other time the focus is not entirely on the wine. END
START HERE Simple, with cherry jam, mint and cola flavors. Crisp coastal acidity makes it mouthwatering.', 'A simple Sauvignon Blanc that tastes of cantaloupe. Serve it at a big outdoor party or any other time the focus is not entirely on the wine.', 'With off-dry flavors of ripe lemons, limes and vanilla, accented with brisk acidity, this simple wine will pair well with sweet Chinese and Vietnamese foods, and the price is right. END
START HERE A simple Sauvignon Blanc that tastes of cantaloupe. Serve it at a big outdoor party or any other time the focus is not entirely on the wine.', 'With off-dry flavors of ripe lemons, limes and vanilla, accented with brisk acidity, this simple wine will pair well with sweet Chinese and Vietnamese foods, and the price is right.', 'Earthy, dry and leathery on the nose, with slightly briny red-fruit aromas, this meets all the requirements of very good everyday Pinot Noir. Tea, brandied black cherry, spice and oak flavors darken up and turn chocolaty on the finish. END
START HERE With off-dry flavors of ripe lemons, limes and vanilla, accented with brisk acidity, this simple wine will pair well with sweet Chinese and Vietnamese foods, and the price is right.', 'Earthy, dry and leathery on the nose, with slightly briny red-fruit aromas, this meets all the requirements of very good everyday Pinot Noir. Tea, brandied black cherry, spice and oak flavors darken up and turn chocolaty on the finish.', "Pretty good for the price. It's a bit rustic, with edgy tannins and some mint and raisins. But the wine is dry, with good blackberry and mocha flavors. END
START HERE Earthy, dry and leathery on the nose, with slightly briny red-fruit aromas, this meets all the requirements of very good everyday Pinot Noir. Tea, brandied black cherry, spice and oak flavors darken up and turn chocolaty on the finish.', "Pretty good for the price. It's a bit rustic, with edgy tannins and some mint and raisins. But the wine is dry, with good blackberry and mocha flavors.", 'Marked by two things, a very great spiciness and a robust body, this Zin comes from vines that are more than 80 years old. The crushed black pepper, anise and cinnamon notes frame soft, jammy flavors of berries and chocolate. Good price for a Zin this interesting. END
START HERE Pretty good for the price. It's a bit rustic, with edgy tannins and some mint and raisins. But the wine is dry, with good blackberry and mocha flavors.", 'Marked by two things, a very great spiciness and a robust body, this Zin comes from vines that are more than 80 years old. The crushed black pepper, anise and cinnamon notes frame soft, jammy flavors of berries and chocolate. Good price for a Zin this interesting.', 'This is a good vintage for inexpensive Oregon Pinot, as this fresh and flavorful effort proves. Hints of toasted marshmallows and coconut adorn light strawberry fruit. Drink it chilled for optimum enjoyment. END
START HERE Marked by two things, a very great spiciness and a robust body, this Zin comes from vines that are more than 80 years old. The crushed black pepper, anise and cinnamon notes frame soft, jammy flavors of berries and chocolate. Good price for a Zin this interesting.', 'This is a good vintage for inexpensive Oregon Pinot, as this fresh and flavorful effort proves. Hints of toasted marshmallows and coconut adorn light strawberry fruit. Drink it chilled for optimum enjoyment.', 'This wine is closed at this stage, offering just hints to its potential. At the core, there are ripe stone fruits, dark plums as well as blackberries. Fine and stylish tannins add balance. This is a fine wine with a future. Drink from 2016. END
START HERE This is a good vintage for inexpensive Oregon Pinot, as this fresh and flavorful effort proves. Hints of toasted marshmallows and coconut adorn light strawberry fruit. Drink it chilled for optimum enjoyment.', 'This wine is closed at this stage, offering just hints to its potential. At the core, there are ripe stone fruits, dark plums as well as blackberries. Fine and stylish tannins add balance. This is a fine wine with a future. Drink from 2016.', "This softly appealing Syrah has pie-filling flavors of cherries and blackberries, with cinnamon spice, brown sugar and baked crust overtones. It's a dry, interesting wine that belies its everyday price. END
START HERE This wine is closed at this stage, offering just hints to its potential. At the core, there are ripe stone fruits, dark plums as well as blackberries. Fine and stylish tannins add balance. This is a fine wine with a future. Drink from 2016.', "This softly appealing Syrah has pie-filling flavors of cherries and blackberries, with cinnamon spice, brown sugar and baked crust overtones. It's a dry, interesting wine that belies its everyday price.", 'A fruit bomb of a Cabernet that has a lot of the things we love about Zinfandel. It has a deep, saturated color, jammy aromas, very ripe cherry flavors laced with maple syrup and a seemingly sweet finish. Juicy and delicious on its own or with casual meals. END
START HERE This softly appealing Syrah has pie-filling flavors of cherries and blackberries, with cinnamon spice, brown sugar and baked crust overtones. It's a dry, interesting wine that belies its everyday price.", 'A fruit bomb of a Cabernet that has a lot of the things we love about Zinfandel. It has a deep, saturated color, jammy aromas, very ripe cherry flavors laced with maple syrup and a seemingly sweet finish. Juicy and delicious on its own or with casual meals.', 'With a couple of extra years already behind it, this Oregon Riesling is drinking well, but should be consumed now. It has the body of a Chardonnay, rich and round, with mixed stone fruits and a hint of bitter citrus rind. Quite dry and already mature. END
START HERE A fruit bomb of a Cabernet that has a lot of the things we love about Zinfandel. It has a deep, saturated color, jammy aromas, very ripe cherry flavors laced with maple syrup and a seemingly sweet finish. Juicy and delicious on its own or with casual meals.', 'With a couple of extra years already behind it, this Oregon Riesling is drinking well, but should be consumed now. It has the body of a Chardonnay, rich and round, with mixed stone fruits and a hint of bitter citrus rind. Quite dry and already mature.', "JC is making an effort to upgrade its Reserve range, and this is a good example, offering peach and pineapple flavors framed by vanilla, butter and toast. It's all barrel-fermented, impressive at this production level (25,000 cases) and price point. END
START HERE With a couple of extra years already behind it, this Oregon Riesling is drinking well, but should be consumed now. It has the body of a Chardonnay, rich and round, with mixed stone fruits and a hint of bitter citrus rind. Quite dry and already mature.', "JC is making an effort to upgrade its Reserve range, and this is a good example, offering peach and pineapple flavors framed by vanilla, butter and toast. It's all barrel-fermented, impressive at this production level (25,000 cases) and price point.", 'Clean, neutral aromas of white fruits, hay and vanilla wafer lead to a citrusy, round palate. This fresh Chardonnay offers orange and apple cider flavors in front of a clean finish. END
START HERE JC is making an effort to upgrade its Reserve range, and this is a good example, offering peach and pineapple flavors framed by vanilla, butter and toast. It's all barrel-fermented, impressive at this production level (25,000 cases) and price point.", 'Clean, neutral aromas of white fruits, hay and vanilla wafer lead to a citrusy, round palate. This fresh Chardonnay offers orange and apple cider flavors in front of a clean finish.', "Smells earthy and leathery, with a grilled meat element to the nose. The palate runs sharp and high in acid, with narrow plum flavors. Doesn't offer a whole lot on the finish. More rubbery and tart than ideal. END
START HERE Clean, neutral aromas of white fruits, hay and vanilla wafer lead to a citrusy, round palate. This fresh Chardonnay offers orange and apple cider flavors in front of a clean finish.', "Smells earthy and leathery, with a grilled meat element to the nose. The palate runs sharp and high in acid, with narrow plum flavors. Doesn't offer a whole lot on the finish. More rubbery and tart than ideal.", 'Oaky flavors, in the form of buttered toast and butterscotch, dominate this Chardonnay. The underlying fruit is delicate, veering toward apricots and pineapples, highlighted by crisp acidity. END
START HERE Smells earthy and leathery, with a grilled meat element to the nose. The palate runs sharp and high in acid, with narrow plum flavors. Doesn't offer a whole lot on the finish. More rubbery and tart than ideal.", 'Oaky flavors, in the form of buttered toast and butterscotch, dominate this Chardonnay. The underlying fruit is delicate, veering toward apricots and pineapples, highlighted by crisp acidity.', "Rooty and baked-smelling on the nose, this also has milk chocolate and leaf aromas. It feels spunky and fresh. Herbal, leafy flavors of roasted berries and spices set up the rooty, warm, baked-tasting finish that's full in feel but short on complexity. END
START HERE Oaky flavors, in the form of buttered toast and butterscotch, dominate this Chardonnay. The underlying fruit is delicate, veering toward apricots and pineapples, highlighted by crisp acidity.', "Rooty and baked-smelling on the nose, this also has milk chocolate and leaf aromas. It feels spunky and fresh. Herbal, leafy flavors of roasted berries and spices set up the rooty, warm, baked-tasting finish that's full in feel but short on complexity.", 'Aromas of celery, arugula, snap pea, dusty apple and citrus announce a clean palate with scouring acidity. Lemon-lime and grapefruit flavors are typical of Casablanca SB, while a fresh, citrusy finish brings a green-herb element into play. END
START HERE Rooty and baked-smelling on the nose, this also has milk chocolate and leaf aromas. It feels spunky and fresh. Herbal, leafy flavors of roasted berries and spices set up the rooty, warm, baked-tasting finish that's full in feel but short on complexity.", 'Aromas of celery, arugula, snap pea, dusty apple and citrus announce a clean palate with scouring acidity. Lemon-lime and grapefruit flavors are typical of Casablanca SB, while a fresh, citrusy finish brings a green-herb element into play.', "For an aged, value-priced Cabernet, this is steps ahead of the competition. The nose on this ready-to-go wine is earthy and deep, with cherry and raisin notes. The palate is rich, solidly built and full of cherry, cassis and tobacco flavors. On the finish, it's compact and sturdy, with herbal berry flavors. END
START HERE Aromas of celery, arugula, snap pea, dusty apple and citrus announce a clean palate with scouring acidity. Lemon-lime and grapefruit flavors are typical of Casablanca SB, while a fresh, citrusy finish brings a green-herb element into play.', "For an aged, value-priced Cabernet, this is steps ahead of the competition. The nose on this ready-to-go wine is earthy and deep, with cherry and raisin notes. The palate is rich, solidly built and full of cherry, cassis and tobacco flavors. On the finish, it's compact and sturdy, with herbal berry flavors.", "Solid but generic berry fruit aromas are clean and come with herbal, minty edging. There's no shortage of acidity, so the palate has a sharp, crisp feel and tart, oaky flavors of berry and plum. Sheer, hard, tart and dry on the finish. END
START HERE For an aged, value-priced Cabernet, this is steps ahead of the competition. The nose on this ready-to-go wine is earthy and deep, with cherry and raisin notes. The palate is rich, solidly built and full of cherry, cassis and tobacco flavors. On the finish, it's compact and sturdy, with herbal berry flavors.", "Solid but generic berry fruit aromas are clean and come with herbal, minty edging. There's no shortage of acidity, so the palate has a sharp, crisp feel and tart, oaky flavors of berry and plum. Sheer, hard, tart and dry on the finish.", 'This wine is half Syrah with the rest Cinsault, Grenache, Counoise and Mourvèdre. Aromas of red apple, watermelon and bubblegum are followed by lighter tart, lightly spritzy fruit flavors, with the acid pulling it all together on the finish. END
START HERE Solid but generic berry fruit aromas are clean and come with herbal, minty edging. There's no shortage of acidity, so the palate has a sharp, crisp feel and tart, oaky flavors of berry and plum. Sheer, hard, tart and dry on the finish.", 'This wine is half Syrah with the rest Cinsault, Grenache, Counoise and Mourvèdre. Aromas of red apple, watermelon and bubblegum are followed by lighter tart, lightly spritzy fruit flavors, with the acid pulling it all together on the finish.', 'Having tasted two vintages of this value-priced Pinot, it seems this winery is doing things right. Spicy, earthy plum aromas set up a plump but balanced palate with good acidity. Plum and raspberry flavors turn more woody as this opens. END
START HERE This wine is half Syrah with the rest Cinsault, Grenache, Counoise and Mourvèdre. Aromas of red apple, watermelon and bubblegum are followed by lighter tart, lightly spritzy fruit flavors, with the acid pulling it all together on the finish.', 'Having tasted two vintages of this value-priced Pinot, it seems this winery is doing things right. Spicy, earthy plum aromas set up a plump but balanced palate with good acidity. Plum and raspberry flavors turn more woody as this opens.', 'A basic, light-bodied red, this has earthy and raspberrylike aromas, a firmly tart and slightly tannic texture and lean fruit flavors like cranberry. Its tangy and appetizing mouthfeel is the best attribute. END
START HERE Having tasted two vintages of this value-priced Pinot, it seems this winery is doing things right. Spicy, earthy plum aromas set up a plump but balanced palate with good acidity. Plum and raspberry flavors turn more woody as this opens.', 'A basic, light-bodied red, this has earthy and raspberrylike aromas, a firmly tart and slightly tannic texture and lean fruit flavors like cranberry. Its tangy and appetizing mouthfeel is the best attribute.', "A great value at this price. Shows beautiful crispness and minerality, with ripe flavors of pineapples, limes and green apples. There's a honeyed richness to the finish, but the wine is fundamentally dry. END
START HERE A basic, light-bodied red, this has earthy and raspberrylike aromas, a firmly tart and slightly tannic texture and lean fruit flavors like cranberry. Its tangy and appetizing mouthfeel is the best attribute.', "A great value at this price. Shows beautiful crispness and minerality, with ripe flavors of pineapples, limes and green apples. There's a honeyed richness to the finish, but the wine is fundamentally dry.", 'A solid value, the Marquee Victoria Chardonnay has an appealing restraint, hitting pretty high notes on the nose but turning serious and weighty in the mouth. The cream and papaya flavors reach a nice intensity before fading to a mouthwatering finish of guava and pine nuts. Drink now. END
START HERE A great value at this price. Shows beautiful crispness and minerality, with ripe flavors of pineapples, limes and green apples. There's a honeyed richness to the finish, but the wine is fundamentally dry.", 'A solid value, the Marquee Victoria Chardonnay has an appealing restraint, hitting pretty high notes on the nose but turning serious and weighty in the mouth. The cream and papaya flavors reach a nice intensity before fading to a mouthwatering finish of guava and pine nuts. Drink now.', "The aromas of barrel spice, toast, herb and plum are reticent on first pour. On the palate, sweet fruit flavors are supported by lightly grainy tannins. It's straight down the fairway. END
START HERE A solid value, the Marquee Victoria Chardonnay has an appealing restraint, hitting pretty high notes on the nose but turning serious and weighty in the mouth. The cream and papaya flavors reach a nice intensity before fading to a mouthwatering finish of guava and pine nuts. Drink now.', "The aromas of barrel spice, toast, herb and plum are reticent on first pour. On the palate, sweet fruit flavors are supported by lightly grainy tannins. It's straight down the fairway.", 'A slight vanilla accent glimmers through the fresh fruit aromas of pear and apple flesh. Round and ripe on the palate, the finish takes a seductive tropical-fruit turn before finally landing on a clean, clementine citrus note. END
START HERE The aromas of barrel spice, toast, herb and plum are reticent on first pour. On the palate, sweet fruit flavors are supported by lightly grainy tannins. It's straight down the fairway.", 'A slight vanilla accent glimmers through the fresh fruit aromas of pear and apple flesh. Round and ripe on the palate, the finish takes a seductive tropical-fruit turn before finally landing on a clean, clementine citrus note.', "Too sharp, with a bite of acidity and green tannins, but otherwise a decent introductory wine for learning about Pinot Noir's charms. It's dry and silky, with red cherry flavors. END
START HERE A slight vanilla accent glimmers through the fresh fruit aromas of pear and apple flesh. Round and ripe on the palate, the finish takes a seductive tropical-fruit turn before finally landing on a clean, clementine citrus note.', "Too sharp, with a bite of acidity and green tannins, but otherwise a decent introductory wine for learning about Pinot Noir's charms. It's dry and silky, with red cherry flavors.", 'Pickle, rubberband and briary berry aromas give way to a full but choppy palate with stewy, herbal berry flavors. Oak rises up on the finish in the form of burnt toast and mint. Standard but herbal; average for inexpensive Chilean Merlot. END
START HERE Too sharp, with a bite of acidity and green tannins, but otherwise a decent introductory wine for learning about Pinot Noir's charms. It's dry and silky, with red cherry flavors.", 'Pickle, rubberband and briary berry aromas give way to a full but choppy palate with stewy, herbal berry flavors. Oak rises up on the finish in the form of burnt toast and mint. Standard but herbal; average for inexpensive Chilean Merlot.', 'Richly fruity and semisweet, this medium-bodied wine smells like cotton candy and tastes like pear syrup. Smooth in texture and mouth-filling in concentration, it finishes on lingering sweetness. END
START HERE Pickle, rubberband and briary berry aromas give way to a full but choppy palate with stewy, herbal berry flavors. Oak rises up on the finish in the form of burnt toast and mint. Standard but herbal; average for inexpensive Chilean Merlot.', 'Richly fruity and semisweet, this medium-bodied wine smells like cotton candy and tastes like pear syrup. Smooth in texture and mouth-filling in concentration, it finishes on lingering sweetness.', 'Tired red fruit lurks under the black-pepper and charred-oak flavors on the palate, though the woody, rustic mouthfeel is interesting. Nose is rather mute, with a little dried herb showing through. END
START HERE Richly fruity and semisweet, this medium-bodied wine smells like cotton candy and tastes like pear syrup. Smooth in texture and mouth-filling in concentration, it finishes on lingering sweetness.', 'Tired red fruit lurks under the black-pepper and charred-oak flavors on the palate, though the woody, rustic mouthfeel is interesting. Nose is rather mute, with a little dried herb showing through.', "Smells a bit sweaty and oily, with the variety's feline and funky aromas on display. The palate runs flat, with bitter green fruit flavors and a vegetal leaning. END
START HERE Tired red fruit lurks under the black-pepper and charred-oak flavors on the palate, though the woody, rustic mouthfeel is interesting. Nose is rather mute, with a little dried herb showing through.', "Smells a bit sweaty and oily, with the variety's feline and funky aromas on display. The palate runs flat, with bitter green fruit flavors and a vegetal leaning.", 'This young Chardonnay still shows plenty of yeasty scents and flavors, turning it almost beer-like. Light lemon and tea flavors, with a dash of baking spices, complete the picture. END
START HERE Smells a bit sweaty and oily, with the variety's feline and funky aromas on display. The palate runs flat, with bitter green fruit flavors and a vegetal leaning.", 'This young Chardonnay still shows plenty of yeasty scents and flavors, turning it almost beer-like. Light lemon and tea flavors, with a dash of baking spices, complete the picture.', 'This seems a bit riper and rounder than most Marlborough Sauvignon Blancs, but it remains varietally on target. Gooseberry and pink grapefruit aromas and flavors finish on a mouthwatering note. Drink now. END
START HERE This young Chardonnay still shows plenty of yeasty scents and flavors, turning it almost beer-like. Light lemon and tea flavors, with a dash of baking spices, complete the picture.', 'This seems a bit riper and rounder than most Marlborough Sauvignon Blancs, but it remains varietally on target. Gooseberry and pink grapefruit aromas and flavors finish on a mouthwatering note. Drink now.', 'This medium-bodied wine has fresh fruity and lightly spicy aromas, with a lively texture due to reasonable acidity and tannins. Flavors do a good job of balancing raspberry and cherry with slightly oaky vanilla and nutmeg. END
START HERE This seems a bit riper and rounder than most Marlborough Sauvignon Blancs, but it remains varietally on target. Gooseberry and pink grapefruit aromas and flavors finish on a mouthwatering note. Drink now.', 'This medium-bodied wine has fresh fruity and lightly spicy aromas, with a lively texture due to reasonable acidity and tannins. Flavors do a good job of balancing raspberry and cherry with slightly oaky vanilla and nutmeg.', "Dry smelling, like a wild field in summer, meaning it's a bit brambly. Feels thorough and full, with tea, spice and oaky flavors supporting sweet berry fruit. Crusty and toasted on the finish, but clean and solid as a whole. END
START HERE This medium-bodied wine has fresh fruity and lightly spicy aromas, with a lively texture due to reasonable acidity and tannins. Flavors do a good job of balancing raspberry and cherry with slightly oaky vanilla and nutmeg.', "Dry smelling, like a wild field in summer, meaning it's a bit brambly. Feels thorough and full, with tea, spice and oaky flavors supporting sweet berry fruit. Crusty and toasted on the finish, but clean and solid as a whole.", 'A very nice, likeable and super-drinkable Sauvignon Blanc, at an everyday price. Nicely crisp and just slightly sweet, it shows fruity flavors of citrus and tropical fruits, pears and melons. END
START HERE Dry smelling, like a wild field in summer, meaning it's a bit brambly. Feels thorough and full, with tea, spice and oaky flavors supporting sweet berry fruit. Crusty and toasted on the finish, but clean and solid as a whole.", 'A very nice, likeable and super-drinkable Sauvignon Blanc, at an everyday price. Nicely crisp and just slightly sweet, it shows fruity flavors of citrus and tropical fruits, pears and melons.', "The wines from this collaboration between Charles Smith and Charles Bieler continue to impress. The rosé is mostly Syrah, with small amounts of Cinsault, Grenache, Counoise and Mourvèdre. It's a complex, fashionably stylish take on rosé. Light fruit flavors of berry and melon are detailed and refreshing, with exceptional length on the palate. END
START HERE A very nice, likeable and super-drinkable Sauvignon Blanc, at an everyday price. Nicely crisp and just slightly sweet, it shows fruity flavors of citrus and tropical fruits, pears and melons.', "The wines from this collaboration between Charles Smith and Charles Bieler continue to impress. The rosé is mostly Syrah, with small amounts of Cinsault, Grenache, Counoise and Mourvèdre. It's a complex, fashionably stylish take on rosé. Light fruit flavors of berry and melon are detailed and refreshing, with exceptional length on the palate.", 'Stone-fruit and melon aromas are a touch gritty and sulfuric. This light-colored racy Chardonnay is citrusy on the palate, with acidic grip and grab. Tangy citrusy buttercup flavors finish sturdy and steady. END
START HERE The wines from this collaboration between Charles Smith and Charles Bieler continue to impress. The rosé is mostly Syrah, with small amounts of Cinsault, Grenache, Counoise and Mourvèdre. It's a complex, fashionably stylish take on rosé. Light fruit flavors of berry and melon are detailed and refreshing, with exceptional length on the palate.", 'Stone-fruit and melon aromas are a touch gritty and sulfuric. This light-colored racy Chardonnay is citrusy on the palate, with acidic grip and grab. Tangy citrusy buttercup flavors finish sturdy and steady.', "This wine veers slightly sweet, like many overripe red blends. It's deep in color, soft in and makes a good counterpoint to spicy foods. END
START HERE Stone-fruit and melon aromas are a touch gritty and sulfuric. This light-colored racy Chardonnay is citrusy on the palate, with acidic grip and grab. Tangy citrusy buttercup flavors finish sturdy and steady.', "This wine veers slightly sweet, like many overripe red blends. It's deep in color, soft in and makes a good counterpoint to spicy foods.", 'A light orange pink color sets the scene for a fruity wine that has raspberry flavors, soft acidity and an attractive, crisp aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE This wine veers slightly sweet, like many overripe red blends. It's deep in color, soft in and makes a good counterpoint to spicy foods.", 'A light orange pink color sets the scene for a fruity wine that has raspberry flavors, soft acidity and an attractive, crisp aftertaste. Drink now.', 'Toasty oak yields a smoky nose, but the fruit aromas are mild and hidden, showing only basic apple notes. With ample oak, the wine is slightly resiny in feel, with tropical fruit flavors followed by a wave of oak flavor. Ditto on the finish, which feels solid and good. END
START HERE A light orange pink color sets the scene for a fruity wine that has raspberry flavors, soft acidity and an attractive, crisp aftertaste. Drink now.', 'Toasty oak yields a smoky nose, but the fruit aromas are mild and hidden, showing only basic apple notes. With ample oak, the wine is slightly resiny in feel, with tropical fruit flavors followed by a wave of oak flavor. Ditto on the finish, which feels solid and good.', 'Bland and soft, this has light and gently tangy fruit with apple and lime flavors. The aftertaste is fresh. Drink now. END
START HERE Toasty oak yields a smoky nose, but the fruit aromas are mild and hidden, showing only basic apple notes. With ample oak, the wine is slightly resiny in feel, with tropical fruit flavors followed by a wave of oak flavor. Ditto on the finish, which feels solid and good.', 'Bland and soft, this has light and gently tangy fruit with apple and lime flavors. The aftertaste is fresh. Drink now.', 'A touch of yeast still clings to the zesty grapefruit aromas on the nose. The palate is light and has similar freshness, as well as a touch of tropicality, with the slightest hint of mango. The finish is dry and fresh. END
START HERE Bland and soft, this has light and gently tangy fruit with apple and lime flavors. The aftertaste is fresh. Drink now.', 'A touch of yeast still clings to the zesty grapefruit aromas on the nose. The palate is light and has similar freshness, as well as a touch of tropicality, with the slightest hint of mango. The finish is dry and fresh.', 'Kungfu Girl has become an iconic Riesling on the strength of its instantly recognizable label, and surpassing quality. At 11% alcohol and 18 g/L residual sugar, it rests comfortably on the fence between dry and off-dry, and is a bulls-eye rendition of Washington Riesling. A dense mix of citrus, apple and tree fruits, enhanced with skin textures and finishing with highlights of honey and tea, this is flat out delicious. END
START HERE A touch of yeast still clings to the zesty grapefruit aromas on the nose. The palate is light and has similar freshness, as well as a touch of tropicality, with the slightest hint of mango. The finish is dry and fresh.', 'Kungfu Girl has become an iconic Riesling on the strength of its instantly recognizable label, and surpassing quality. At 11% alcohol and 18 g/L residual sugar, it rests comfortably on the fence between dry and off-dry, and is a bulls-eye rendition of Washington Riesling. A dense mix of citrus, apple and tree fruits, enhanced with skin textures and finishing with highlights of honey and tea, this is flat out delicious.', 'Raspberry and plum aromas set a forceful tone for this tannic, pinchy Malbec. Flavors of plum and mixed berries are generic, while this finishes grapy, tannic and with a note of clove. END
START HERE Kungfu Girl has become an iconic Riesling on the strength of its instantly recognizable label, and surpassing quality. At 11% alcohol and 18 g/L residual sugar, it rests comfortably on the fence between dry and off-dry, and is a bulls-eye rendition of Washington Riesling. A dense mix of citrus, apple and tree fruits, enhanced with skin textures and finishing with highlights of honey and tea, this is flat out delicious.', 'Raspberry and plum aromas set a forceful tone for this tannic, pinchy Malbec. Flavors of plum and mixed berries are generic, while this finishes grapy, tannic and with a note of clove.', 'Spicy and floral on the nose, this is surprisingly round and soft for an Australian Riesling, but still attractive. Try it young as an apéritif, where the gentleness will subtly prime your palate for things to come. END
START HERE Raspberry and plum aromas set a forceful tone for this tannic, pinchy Malbec. Flavors of plum and mixed berries are generic, while this finishes grapy, tannic and with a note of clove.', 'Spicy and floral on the nose, this is surprisingly round and soft for an Australian Riesling, but still attractive. Try it young as an apéritif, where the gentleness will subtly prime your palate for things to come.', "A bit sharp and rubbery at first, with herbal, floral, berry aromas rising up in due time. The palate is a little rigid, with angular acidity and semitart raspberry and red currant flavors. Lightly toasted on the finish even if there's not much oak on this regular, competent CS. END
START HERE Spicy and floral on the nose, this is surprisingly round and soft for an Australian Riesling, but still attractive. Try it young as an apéritif, where the gentleness will subtly prime your palate for things to come.', "A bit sharp and rubbery at first, with herbal, floral, berry aromas rising up in due time. The palate is a little rigid, with angular acidity and semitart raspberry and red currant flavors. Lightly toasted on the finish even if there's not much oak on this regular, competent CS.", 'This is one of several wines from this producer that are created to give lie to the tannic Malbec. This is soft, ripe and full of the young fruitiness that demands to be drunk now. END
START HERE A bit sharp and rubbery at first, with herbal, floral, berry aromas rising up in due time. The palate is a little rigid, with angular acidity and semitart raspberry and red currant flavors. Lightly toasted on the finish even if there's not much oak on this regular, competent CS.", 'This is one of several wines from this producer that are created to give lie to the tannic Malbec. This is soft, ripe and full of the young fruitiness that demands to be drunk now.', 'Nice flavor concentration and light body make this wine a standout. It starts with vivid black cherry aromas that lead to riper, almost-sweet cherry and blackberry flavors. The texture is structured with moderate tannins that keep the flavors going through the finish. END
START HERE This is one of several wines from this producer that are created to give lie to the tannic Malbec. This is soft, ripe and full of the young fruitiness that demands to be drunk now.', 'Nice flavor concentration and light body make this wine a standout. It starts with vivid black cherry aromas that lead to riper, almost-sweet cherry and blackberry flavors. The texture is structured with moderate tannins that keep the flavors going through the finish.', "Sweeter and more medicinal than Morandé's basic Pionero Cab, but more or less on the same quality level. The mouthfeel is solid with slightly rough tannins, while the flavor profile revolves around medicinal cherry and cassis. Finishes similarly. END
START HERE Nice flavor concentration and light body make this wine a standout. It starts with vivid black cherry aromas that lead to riper, almost-sweet cherry and blackberry flavors. The texture is structured with moderate tannins that keep the flavors going through the finish.', "Sweeter and more medicinal than Morandé's basic Pionero Cab, but more or less on the same quality level. The mouthfeel is solid with slightly rough tannins, while the flavor profile revolves around medicinal cherry and cassis. Finishes similarly.", 'Dating back to the early Middle Ages, the estate is based around an ancient chateau. The wine, from old vines, is structured and dense with firm tannins and ripe black-plum fruits. It shows fine acidity at the end. Drink from 2019. END
START HERE Sweeter and more medicinal than Morandé's basic Pionero Cab, but more or less on the same quality level. The mouthfeel is solid with slightly rough tannins, while the flavor profile revolves around medicinal cherry and cassis. Finishes similarly.", 'Dating back to the early Middle Ages, the estate is based around an ancient chateau. The wine, from old vines, is structured and dense with firm tannins and ripe black-plum fruits. It shows fine acidity at the end. Drink from 2019.', 'Plummy aromas, peachy flavors and a bright mouthfeel lend a lot of appeal to this medium-bodied wine. It tastes smooth and rounded in texture, ripe and somewhat rich but not overdone. END
START HERE Dating back to the early Middle Ages, the estate is based around an ancient chateau. The wine, from old vines, is structured and dense with firm tannins and ripe black-plum fruits. It shows fine acidity at the end. Drink from 2019.', 'Plummy aromas, peachy flavors and a bright mouthfeel lend a lot of appeal to this medium-bodied wine. It tastes smooth and rounded in texture, ripe and somewhat rich but not overdone.', 'This straddles the fence between vegetal and citrusy, with both sides appearing on the nose. In the mouth, this is high-toned and piercing, with laser-beam acidity pushing passion fruit, grapefruit, green herb and melony flavors. On the finish, a wave of mild green settles in, while the feel is actually a touch creamy. Drink now. END
START HERE Plummy aromas, peachy flavors and a bright mouthfeel lend a lot of appeal to this medium-bodied wine. It tastes smooth and rounded in texture, ripe and somewhat rich but not overdone.', 'This straddles the fence between vegetal and citrusy, with both sides appearing on the nose. In the mouth, this is high-toned and piercing, with laser-beam acidity pushing passion fruit, grapefruit, green herb and melony flavors. On the finish, a wave of mild green settles in, while the feel is actually a touch creamy. Drink now.', 'A mix of 70% Sangiovese and other international red grapes, this would pair well with pizza or pasta with meat ragù. It shows flavors of cherry, forest berry, cola, almond and a touch of mild tobacco. END
START HERE This straddles the fence between vegetal and citrusy, with both sides appearing on the nose. In the mouth, this is high-toned and piercing, with laser-beam acidity pushing passion fruit, grapefruit, green herb and melony flavors. On the finish, a wave of mild green settles in, while the feel is actually a touch creamy. Drink now.', 'A mix of 70% Sangiovese and other international red grapes, this would pair well with pizza or pasta with meat ragù. It shows flavors of cherry, forest berry, cola, almond and a touch of mild tobacco.', 'Beautifully crisp and light, this is an ebullient wine that is full of lively red currant and tangerine fruits. There is attractive acidity, a bright aftertaste and plenty of acidity. Drink now. END
START HERE A mix of 70% Sangiovese and other international red grapes, this would pair well with pizza or pasta with meat ragù. It shows flavors of cherry, forest berry, cola, almond and a touch of mild tobacco.', 'Beautifully crisp and light, this is an ebullient wine that is full of lively red currant and tangerine fruits. There is attractive acidity, a bright aftertaste and plenty of acidity. Drink now.', 'A crisp, lively texture makes this medium-bodied wine refreshing while light flavors of green apple and kiwi make it tasty. Vibrant acidity gives it freshness and will help it be versatile with food. END
START HERE Beautifully crisp and light, this is an ebullient wine that is full of lively red currant and tangerine fruits. There is attractive acidity, a bright aftertaste and plenty of acidity. Drink now.', 'A crisp, lively texture makes this medium-bodied wine refreshing while light flavors of green apple and kiwi make it tasty. Vibrant acidity gives it freshness and will help it be versatile with food.', 'A lusty wine, soft and filled with jammy blackberry, cherry and raspberry flavors. Easy to drink, a great wine for big parties. END
START HERE A crisp, lively texture makes this medium-bodied wine refreshing while light flavors of green apple and kiwi make it tasty. Vibrant acidity gives it freshness and will help it be versatile with food.', 'A lusty wine, soft and filled with jammy blackberry, cherry and raspberry flavors. Easy to drink, a great wine for big parties.', 'This wine opens with just a touch of reduction followed by quite pure aromas of red and blue fruit. The flavors are sweet and fresh, with the tannins bringing a light grip. END
START HERE A lusty wine, soft and filled with jammy blackberry, cherry and raspberry flavors. Easy to drink, a great wine for big parties.', 'This wine opens with just a touch of reduction followed by quite pure aromas of red and blue fruit. The flavors are sweet and fresh, with the tannins bringing a light grip.', "This is a very pungent Sauvignon Blanc, aggressive in those green aromas and flavors generally lumped under the descriptive term of gooseberry. It's dry and clean and acidic, with a finish like the juice of Meyer lemons. END
START HERE This wine opens with just a touch of reduction followed by quite pure aromas of red and blue fruit. The flavors are sweet and fresh, with the tannins bringing a light grip.', "This is a very pungent Sauvignon Blanc, aggressive in those green aromas and flavors generally lumped under the descriptive term of gooseberry. It's dry and clean and acidic, with a finish like the juice of Meyer lemons.", "This wine offers a lot of fruit, with subtle background notes of leather, wet earth and prune. It's a fresh, easydrinking selection. END
START HERE This is a very pungent Sauvignon Blanc, aggressive in those green aromas and flavors generally lumped under the descriptive term of gooseberry. It's dry and clean and acidic, with a finish like the juice of Meyer lemons.", "This wine offers a lot of fruit, with subtle background notes of leather, wet earth and prune. It's a fresh, easydrinking selection.", 'Jammy strawberry aromas are sweet and welcoming on the nose. A bit disjointed, with tangy acidity, the palate brings dark fruit tones of cherry, plum and berry. END
START HERE This wine offers a lot of fruit, with subtle background notes of leather, wet earth and prune. It's a fresh, easydrinking selection.", 'Jammy strawberry aromas are sweet and welcoming on the nose. A bit disjointed, with tangy acidity, the palate brings dark fruit tones of cherry, plum and berry.', 'Simple and dry, this Cabernet has modest blackberry, tea and oak flavors. With its firm tannins, it gets the basic Cabernet job done. END
START HERE Jammy strawberry aromas are sweet and welcoming on the nose. A bit disjointed, with tangy acidity, the palate brings dark fruit tones of cherry, plum and berry.', 'Simple and dry, this Cabernet has modest blackberry, tea and oak flavors. With its firm tannins, it gets the basic Cabernet job done.', "This is intensely aromatic, with loads of tropical fruit, apple blossom and white peach notes on the nose and palate. It's fresh, tasty and big in body, yet deftly balanced. Soft, lemony acidity on the midpalate gets a boost of citrus rind and saline on the finish. END
START HERE Simple and dry, this Cabernet has modest blackberry, tea and oak flavors. With its firm tannins, it gets the basic Cabernet job done.', "This is intensely aromatic, with loads of tropical fruit, apple blossom and white peach notes on the nose and palate. It's fresh, tasty and big in body, yet deftly balanced. Soft, lemony acidity on the midpalate gets a boost of citrus rind and saline on the finish.", "This unoaked Chardonnay starts with aromas of citrus and stalky greens. It's plump in the mouth, with soft acids and flavors of pineapple and other tropical fruits. It's just fresh enough, but mostly it's innocuous. END
START HERE This is intensely aromatic, with loads of tropical fruit, apple blossom and white peach notes on the nose and palate. It's fresh, tasty and big in body, yet deftly balanced. Soft, lemony acidity on the midpalate gets a boost of citrus rind and saline on the finish.", "This unoaked Chardonnay starts with aromas of citrus and stalky greens. It's plump in the mouth, with soft acids and flavors of pineapple and other tropical fruits. It's just fresh enough, but mostly it's innocuous.", "Chardonnay in name only. It's a simple, watery wine, with sweet apricot, tangerine and faux oak flavors. END
START HERE This unoaked Chardonnay starts with aromas of citrus and stalky greens. It's plump in the mouth, with soft acids and flavors of pineapple and other tropical fruits. It's just fresh enough, but mostly it's innocuous.", "Chardonnay in name only. It's a simple, watery wine, with sweet apricot, tangerine and faux oak flavors.", 'A simple but good wine, with toast and golden apple flavors. Has nice apple and olive oil aromas, and a mouth-puckering herb and white pepper finish. END
START HERE Chardonnay in name only. It's a simple, watery wine, with sweet apricot, tangerine and faux oak flavors.", 'A simple but good wine, with toast and golden apple flavors. Has nice apple and olive oil aromas, and a mouth-puckering herb and white pepper finish.', 'Smells strange, with aromas that are hard to identify or label. The palate is tangy, with pickled, resiny flavors and a dead-end finish. Suggestive of sauerkraut; not very good Chardonnay. END
START HERE A simple but good wine, with toast and golden apple flavors. Has nice apple and olive oil aromas, and a mouth-puckering herb and white pepper finish.', 'Smells strange, with aromas that are hard to identify or label. The palate is tangy, with pickled, resiny flavors and a dead-end finish. Suggestive of sauerkraut; not very good Chardonnay.', "Toso's first-ever rosé of Malbec comes in a salmon color, with clean but generic aromas of melon, cotton candy and wet stones. The palate deals sweet peach with some spice, and the mouthfeel is full. Good in a round, drink-me-soon style. END
START HERE Smells strange, with aromas that are hard to identify or label. The palate is tangy, with pickled, resiny flavors and a dead-end finish. Suggestive of sauerkraut; not very good Chardonnay.', "Toso's first-ever rosé of Malbec comes in a salmon color, with clean but generic aromas of melon, cotton candy and wet stones. The palate deals sweet peach with some spice, and the mouthfeel is full. Good in a round, drink-me-soon style.", 'A heavy note of baking spices is found throughout those of fleshy red plum, brown sugar and sweet red licorice, finishing with mild dried herbs. The bracing acidity makes this a natural for the cheese course. Try with blue cheese. END
START HERE Toso's first-ever rosé of Malbec comes in a salmon color, with clean but generic aromas of melon, cotton candy and wet stones. The palate deals sweet peach with some spice, and the mouthfeel is full. Good in a round, drink-me-soon style.", 'A heavy note of baking spices is found throughout those of fleshy red plum, brown sugar and sweet red licorice, finishing with mild dried herbs. The bracing acidity makes this a natural for the cheese course. Try with blue cheese.', 'Neutral aromas are clean but devoid of specific fruit scents. This is regular in feel, with a bit of chunky weight. Baked, earthy flavors of black fruits and cocoa lose steam on a finish that turns soft and a little sticky. END
START HERE A heavy note of baking spices is found throughout those of fleshy red plum, brown sugar and sweet red licorice, finishing with mild dried herbs. The bracing acidity makes this a natural for the cheese course. Try with blue cheese.', 'Neutral aromas are clean but devoid of specific fruit scents. This is regular in feel, with a bit of chunky weight. Baked, earthy flavors of black fruits and cocoa lose steam on a finish that turns soft and a little sticky.', 'Smells green and weedy at first, and then oak aromas rise up to cover the green overriding character. Clacky in the mouth, with green-leaning berry flavors and oak. Finishes herbal, with a lasting flavor of pole bean. END
START HERE Neutral aromas are clean but devoid of specific fruit scents. This is regular in feel, with a bit of chunky weight. Baked, earthy flavors of black fruits and cocoa lose steam on a finish that turns soft and a little sticky.', 'Smells green and weedy at first, and then oak aromas rise up to cover the green overriding character. Clacky in the mouth, with green-leaning berry flavors and oak. Finishes herbal, with a lasting flavor of pole bean.', "Generic red-fruit aromas are accented by sage and thyme, while in the mouth the feel is wiry. Full-blooded raspberry and cherry flavors come with pronounced acidity and lighter-framed tannins, so there's some sharpness. All in all it's a no-frills red wine with minimal Cabernet character. END
START HERE Smells green and weedy at first, and then oak aromas rise up to cover the green overriding character. Clacky in the mouth, with green-leaning berry flavors and oak. Finishes herbal, with a lasting flavor of pole bean.', "Generic red-fruit aromas are accented by sage and thyme, while in the mouth the feel is wiry. Full-blooded raspberry and cherry flavors come with pronounced acidity and lighter-framed tannins, so there's some sharpness. All in all it's a no-frills red wine with minimal Cabernet character.", 'A fruity wine, full of grapefruit, lime and melon flavors, cut with passion fruit acidity. The wine has a light texture with a zesty edge, clean and totally ready to drink. Screwcap. END
START HERE Generic red-fruit aromas are accented by sage and thyme, while in the mouth the feel is wiry. Full-blooded raspberry and cherry flavors come with pronounced acidity and lighter-framed tannins, so there's some sharpness. All in all it's a no-frills red wine with minimal Cabernet character.", 'A fruity wine, full of grapefruit, lime and melon flavors, cut with passion fruit acidity. The wine has a light texture with a zesty edge, clean and totally ready to drink. Screwcap.', "Aromas of baked berry fruits, rubber band and forced oak struggle to be taken seriously. A grabby drawing palate offers stewed berry flavors in front of a finish that's pushed by rubbery tannins. END
START HERE A fruity wine, full of grapefruit, lime and melon flavors, cut with passion fruit acidity. The wine has a light texture with a zesty edge, clean and totally ready to drink. Screwcap.', "Aromas of baked berry fruits, rubber band and forced oak struggle to be taken seriously. A grabby drawing palate offers stewed berry flavors in front of a finish that's pushed by rubbery tannins.", "Sharp and almost vinegar-like on the nose, with a strong blast of field greens and nettle. The palate is broad and edgy, with sour plum, tarragon and juniper flavors. Very green, herbal and funky. Not one of this label's better wines. END
START HERE Aromas of baked berry fruits, rubber band and forced oak struggle to be taken seriously. A grabby drawing palate offers stewed berry flavors in front of a finish that's pushed by rubbery tannins.", "Sharp and almost vinegar-like on the nose, with a strong blast of field greens and nettle. The palate is broad and edgy, with sour plum, tarragon and juniper flavors. Very green, herbal and funky. Not one of this label's better wines.", "A fresh, fruity branded Bordeaux from the producers of Château Patache d'Aux. It has friendly, approachable fruit, with light wood, good ripe plums and berries and a firm, but juicy finish. END
START HERE Sharp and almost vinegar-like on the nose, with a strong blast of field greens and nettle. The palate is broad and edgy, with sour plum, tarragon and juniper flavors. Very green, herbal and funky. Not one of this label's better wines.", "A fresh, fruity branded Bordeaux from the producers of Château Patache d'Aux. It has friendly, approachable fruit, with light wood, good ripe plums and berries and a firm, but juicy finish.", 'With 70 g/L residual sugar, this 100% varietal wine drinks quite sweet, with notes of peach, sage and dried Nestea Iced Tea. END
START HERE A fresh, fruity branded Bordeaux from the producers of Château Patache d'Aux. It has friendly, approachable fruit, with light wood, good ripe plums and berries and a firm, but juicy finish.", 'With 70 g/L residual sugar, this 100% varietal wine drinks quite sweet, with notes of peach, sage and dried Nestea Iced Tea.', 'High-toned and citric on the nose, with foresty spice and a whiff of the ocean. Tight and nervy in the mouth, with herbal, spicy red plum flavors that are true to the variety. Honest but a touch lean and fiery on the finish. END
START HERE With 70 g/L residual sugar, this 100% varietal wine drinks quite sweet, with notes of peach, sage and dried Nestea Iced Tea.', 'High-toned and citric on the nose, with foresty spice and a whiff of the ocean. Tight and nervy in the mouth, with herbal, spicy red plum flavors that are true to the variety. Honest but a touch lean and fiery on the finish.', 'A pretty tropical fruit nose leads on this Sauvignon Blanc from a consistently good producer. On the palate, the lush fruit falls a little flat, but the wine has a simple and dependable character that makes for good everyday sipping. Crisp and with a touch of delicate fruit, it has character and charm. END
START HERE High-toned and citric on the nose, with foresty spice and a whiff of the ocean. Tight and nervy in the mouth, with herbal, spicy red plum flavors that are true to the variety. Honest but a touch lean and fiery on the finish.', 'A pretty tropical fruit nose leads on this Sauvignon Blanc from a consistently good producer. On the palate, the lush fruit falls a little flat, but the wine has a simple and dependable character that makes for good everyday sipping. Crisp and with a touch of delicate fruit, it has character and charm.', "Bursts of yellow apple and grapefruit flavor are juicy and fresh in this easy-sipping Kabinett. Just a touch sweet and briskly composed, it's a pertly balanced wine for everyday enjoyment. END
START HERE A pretty tropical fruit nose leads on this Sauvignon Blanc from a consistently good producer. On the palate, the lush fruit falls a little flat, but the wine has a simple and dependable character that makes for good everyday sipping. Crisp and with a touch of delicate fruit, it has character and charm.', "Bursts of yellow apple and grapefruit flavor are juicy and fresh in this easy-sipping Kabinett. Just a touch sweet and briskly composed, it's a pertly balanced wine for everyday enjoyment.", 'Chunky and earthy on the nose, which is big but undistinguished. The palate is tight and high in acid, while the flavors of wood, mint and roasted berry fruits come with pepper and herbal accents. Dry and basic on the finish. END
START HERE Bursts of yellow apple and grapefruit flavor are juicy and fresh in this easy-sipping Kabinett. Just a touch sweet and briskly composed, it's a pertly balanced wine for everyday enjoyment.", 'Chunky and earthy on the nose, which is big but undistinguished. The palate is tight and high in acid, while the flavors of wood, mint and roasted berry fruits come with pepper and herbal accents. Dry and basic on the finish.', 'This basic SB blends aromas of coastal snap with tropical sweetness. In the mouth, it shows basic flavors of grapefruit and spiced citrus. On the finish, peppery bitterness comes up. END
START HERE Chunky and earthy on the nose, which is big but undistinguished. The palate is tight and high in acid, while the flavors of wood, mint and roasted berry fruits come with pepper and herbal accents. Dry and basic on the finish.', 'This basic SB blends aromas of coastal snap with tropical sweetness. In the mouth, it shows basic flavors of grapefruit and spiced citrus. On the finish, peppery bitterness comes up.', 'Bright pink in color, this is a fresh rosé, just off dry, with lively citrus and wild strawberry fruits. Acidity cuts through the wine, making it crisp and ready to drink. END
START HERE This basic SB blends aromas of coastal snap with tropical sweetness. In the mouth, it shows basic flavors of grapefruit and spiced citrus. On the finish, peppery bitterness comes up.', 'Bright pink in color, this is a fresh rosé, just off dry, with lively citrus and wild strawberry fruits. Acidity cuts through the wine, making it crisp and ready to drink.', 'Earthy, wet-stone aromas and very tart flavors make for a lean, dry character in this light-bodied wine. The aroma and initial flavor are sharp and smoky and the texture is a bit rough. END
START HERE Bright pink in color, this is a fresh rosé, just off dry, with lively citrus and wild strawberry fruits. Acidity cuts through the wine, making it crisp and ready to drink.', 'Earthy, wet-stone aromas and very tart flavors make for a lean, dry character in this light-bodied wine. The aroma and initial flavor are sharp and smoky and the texture is a bit rough.', "Disappointing after the success of last year's version, Kato's 2009 is a lightweight Sauvignon Blanc with herbal, bell-peppery component. There's a tart stridency on the finish that will serve it well with some dishes, less so with others. END
START HERE Earthy, wet-stone aromas and very tart flavors make for a lean, dry character in this light-bodied wine. The aroma and initial flavor are sharp and smoky and the texture is a bit rough.', "Disappointing after the success of last year's version, Kato's 2009 is a lightweight Sauvignon Blanc with herbal, bell-peppery component. There's a tart stridency on the finish that will serve it well with some dishes, less so with others.", 'Despite being labeled Vin de France, this is a Gascon-style of herbaceous Sauvignon Blanc. It is crisp with gooseberries and fragrant acidity. Bright, just dry and fruity, it is a great wine to drink now. END
START HERE Disappointing after the success of last year's version, Kato's 2009 is a lightweight Sauvignon Blanc with herbal, bell-peppery component. There's a tart stridency on the finish that will serve it well with some dishes, less so with others.", 'Despite being labeled Vin de France, this is a Gascon-style of herbaceous Sauvignon Blanc. It is crisp with gooseberries and fragrant acidity. Bright, just dry and fruity, it is a great wine to drink now.', "Wente does a consistently good job with this Riesling, which is from a cool appellation in the Salinas Valley. The '11 is off-dry and clean in acidity, with citrus fruit, green apple, honey and spice flavors. END
START HERE Despite being labeled Vin de France, this is a Gascon-style of herbaceous Sauvignon Blanc. It is crisp with gooseberries and fragrant acidity. Bright, just dry and fruity, it is a great wine to drink now.', "Wente does a consistently good job with this Riesling, which is from a cool appellation in the Salinas Valley. The '11 is off-dry and clean in acidity, with citrus fruit, green apple, honey and spice flavors.", "A little on the soft side, with candied raspberry, cherry and cola flavors, but at this price, it's a decent starter Pinot Noir for those who are curious about this red-hot variety but don't want to spend a bundle. Enjoy the silkiness and spice. END
START HERE Wente does a consistently good job with this Riesling, which is from a cool appellation in the Salinas Valley. The '11 is off-dry and clean in acidity, with citrus fruit, green apple, honey and spice flavors.", "A little on the soft side, with candied raspberry, cherry and cola flavors, but at this price, it's a decent starter Pinot Noir for those who are curious about this red-hot variety but don't want to spend a bundle. Enjoy the silkiness and spice.", "This pale-hued blend of Grenache and Syrah starts off a bit confected, offering up scents of cotton candy. Yet it's less so on the palate, where the fruit resembles underripe melon and the finish is stony and less generous. END
START HERE A little on the soft side, with candied raspberry, cherry and cola flavors, but at this price, it's a decent starter Pinot Noir for those who are curious about this red-hot variety but don't want to spend a bundle. Enjoy the silkiness and spice.", "This pale-hued blend of Grenache and Syrah starts off a bit confected, offering up scents of cotton candy. Yet it's less so on the palate, where the fruit resembles underripe melon and the finish is stony and less generous.", "For full-bodied, true Cabernet at a reasonable price, Santa Alicia's 2003 Gran Reserva is a winner. The plum and berry flavors are clean and supported by proper creamy oak, and the tannins are pliable and add backbone. Drink now. END
START HERE This pale-hued blend of Grenache and Syrah starts off a bit confected, offering up scents of cotton candy. Yet it's less so on the palate, where the fruit resembles underripe melon and the finish is stony and less generous.", "For full-bodied, true Cabernet at a reasonable price, Santa Alicia's 2003 Gran Reserva is a winner. The plum and berry flavors are clean and supported by proper creamy oak, and the tannins are pliable and add backbone. Drink now.", 'Attractive structured tannins and red fruits give this wine a good start in life. With the acidity, the dusty structure and the perfumed aftertaste, the wine will develop well. Drink from 2017. END
START HERE For full-bodied, true Cabernet at a reasonable price, Santa Alicia's 2003 Gran Reserva is a winner. The plum and berry flavors are clean and supported by proper creamy oak, and the tannins are pliable and add backbone. Drink now.", 'Attractive structured tannins and red fruits give this wine a good start in life. With the acidity, the dusty structure and the perfumed aftertaste, the wine will develop well. Drink from 2017.', 'Standard aromas of cantaloupe and lees feed into a bright, lively palate with bracing acidity and good overall balance. Nectarine and citrus flavors are basic but hang in there on a lasting finish. END
START HERE Attractive structured tannins and red fruits give this wine a good start in life. With the acidity, the dusty structure and the perfumed aftertaste, the wine will develop well. Drink from 2017.', 'Standard aromas of cantaloupe and lees feed into a bright, lively palate with bracing acidity and good overall balance. Nectarine and citrus flavors are basic but hang in there on a lasting finish.', "Each Jacob's Creek Reserve wine is now sourced from a specific region, and this Chardonnay shows solid improvement as a result. It's medium in body, with notes of grilled pineapple and sweet corn and a brisk, citrusy finish. Drink it over the next 6–9 months. END
START HERE Standard aromas of cantaloupe and lees feed into a bright, lively palate with bracing acidity and good overall balance. Nectarine and citrus flavors are basic but hang in there on a lasting finish.', "Each Jacob's Creek Reserve wine is now sourced from a specific region, and this Chardonnay shows solid improvement as a result. It's medium in body, with notes of grilled pineapple and sweet corn and a brisk, citrusy finish. Drink it over the next 6–9 months.", "Lithe and dancing in texture, yet robustly concentrated with yellow peach and cherry flavors, Red Newt's Circle delivers great quality for a gentle price, vintage after vintage. Off dry in style, it's zesty and bright, finishing long with a fresh herbal edge. END
START HERE Each Jacob's Creek Reserve wine is now sourced from a specific region, and this Chardonnay shows solid improvement as a result. It's medium in body, with notes of grilled pineapple and sweet corn and a brisk, citrusy finish. Drink it over the next 6–9 months.", "Lithe and dancing in texture, yet robustly concentrated with yellow peach and cherry flavors, Red Newt's Circle delivers great quality for a gentle price, vintage after vintage. Off dry in style, it's zesty and bright, finishing long with a fresh herbal edge.", 'Made from the oldest vines on the estate, this ripe and fruity wine is ready to drink. Its tannins are already integrated, leaving a smooth-textured wine that is accompanied by spice and red plum fruit flavors. END
START HERE Lithe and dancing in texture, yet robustly concentrated with yellow peach and cherry flavors, Red Newt's Circle delivers great quality for a gentle price, vintage after vintage. Off dry in style, it's zesty and bright, finishing long with a fresh herbal edge.", 'Made from the oldest vines on the estate, this ripe and fruity wine is ready to drink. Its tannins are already integrated, leaving a smooth-textured wine that is accompanied by spice and red plum fruit flavors.', 'A clean, spicy Chardonnay, with classic flavors of oranges, green apples, pears and spices. The oak influence is minimal, allowing the fruit and acidity to star. This shows an elegance that places it at the forefront of Chardonnays in this price range. END
START HERE Made from the oldest vines on the estate, this ripe and fruity wine is ready to drink. Its tannins are already integrated, leaving a smooth-textured wine that is accompanied by spice and red plum fruit flavors.', 'A clean, spicy Chardonnay, with classic flavors of oranges, green apples, pears and spices. The oak influence is minimal, allowing the fruit and acidity to star. This shows an elegance that places it at the forefront of Chardonnays in this price range.', 'Crisp up front, but not overly aromatic or fruity. Feels kind of thick and chewy, with gummy, sweet berry flavors that suggest cherry and plum. Feels a little cloying and cooked on the finish, especially for a young 2011. END
START HERE A clean, spicy Chardonnay, with classic flavors of oranges, green apples, pears and spices. The oak influence is minimal, allowing the fruit and acidity to star. This shows an elegance that places it at the forefront of Chardonnays in this price range.', 'Crisp up front, but not overly aromatic or fruity. Feels kind of thick and chewy, with gummy, sweet berry flavors that suggest cherry and plum. Feels a little cloying and cooked on the finish, especially for a young 2011.', 'Sourced from an outstanding vineyard, this juicy, spicy, zesty Riesling shows terrific balance and lively acidity. A mix of peach, green apple and Key lime fruit anchors a thoroughly refreshing wine, with just a touch of residual sugar. END
START HERE Crisp up front, but not overly aromatic or fruity. Feels kind of thick and chewy, with gummy, sweet berry flavors that suggest cherry and plum. Feels a little cloying and cooked on the finish, especially for a young 2011.', 'Sourced from an outstanding vineyard, this juicy, spicy, zesty Riesling shows terrific balance and lively acidity. A mix of peach, green apple and Key lime fruit anchors a thoroughly refreshing wine, with just a touch of residual sugar.', 'Very ripe, very fruity and practically oozing across the palate, this full-bodied and very fairly priced wine tastes sweet and lightly tangy. The berry and plum flavors are quite concentrated, keeping the wine focused on fruit and freshness. END
START HERE Sourced from an outstanding vineyard, this juicy, spicy, zesty Riesling shows terrific balance and lively acidity. A mix of peach, green apple and Key lime fruit anchors a thoroughly refreshing wine, with just a touch of residual sugar.', 'Very ripe, very fruity and practically oozing across the palate, this full-bodied and very fairly priced wine tastes sweet and lightly tangy. The berry and plum flavors are quite concentrated, keeping the wine focused on fruit and freshness.', 'Merlot makes up 45% of this wine, with the rest Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Sangiovese, Petit Verdot, Syrah, Zinfandel, and Tempranillo. Aromas of green herb, plum, freshly hewn wood and coffee are followed by smooth-drinking fruit and barrel flavors, with the tannins showing a touch of astringency. END
START HERE Very ripe, very fruity and practically oozing across the palate, this full-bodied and very fairly priced wine tastes sweet and lightly tangy. The berry and plum flavors are quite concentrated, keeping the wine focused on fruit and freshness.', 'Merlot makes up 45% of this wine, with the rest Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Sangiovese, Petit Verdot, Syrah, Zinfandel, and Tempranillo. Aromas of green herb, plum, freshly hewn wood and coffee are followed by smooth-drinking fruit and barrel flavors, with the tannins showing a touch of astringency.', 'Hints of tropical fresh fuit and flowers lends an exotic touch to this pretty wine, and on the palate, it offers balanced elements of crisp fruit and spicy oak. Not terribly complex but a friendly food wine. END
START HERE Merlot makes up 45% of this wine, with the rest Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Sangiovese, Petit Verdot, Syrah, Zinfandel, and Tempranillo. Aromas of green herb, plum, freshly hewn wood and coffee are followed by smooth-drinking fruit and barrel flavors, with the tannins showing a touch of astringency.', 'Hints of tropical fresh fuit and flowers lends an exotic touch to this pretty wine, and on the palate, it offers balanced elements of crisp fruit and spicy oak. Not terribly complex but a friendly food wine.', 'Fresh, simple, apple-flavored wine, with an edge of citrus and soft vanilla flavors. The wine is attractive and clean with elegance coupled to ripe fruit. END
START HERE Hints of tropical fresh fuit and flowers lends an exotic touch to this pretty wine, and on the palate, it offers balanced elements of crisp fruit and spicy oak. Not terribly complex but a friendly food wine.', 'Fresh, simple, apple-flavored wine, with an edge of citrus and soft vanilla flavors. The wine is attractive and clean with elegance coupled to ripe fruit.', 'Notes of earth and dust amplify savory tones of pressed apple and cider. Brisk lemon-lime acidity on the palate lends some brightness. The finish is moderately long, accented by a kiss of honeycomb. Drink now. END
START HERE Fresh, simple, apple-flavored wine, with an edge of citrus and soft vanilla flavors. The wine is attractive and clean with elegance coupled to ripe fruit.', 'Notes of earth and dust amplify savory tones of pressed apple and cider. Brisk lemon-lime acidity on the palate lends some brightness. The finish is moderately long, accented by a kiss of honeycomb. Drink now.', "This Cabernet was made to be consumed as a dessert wine. It's soft, simple and very sweet, with white sugar and cherry jam flavors. END
START HERE Notes of earth and dust amplify savory tones of pressed apple and cider. Brisk lemon-lime acidity on the palate lends some brightness. The finish is moderately long, accented by a kiss of honeycomb. Drink now.', "This Cabernet was made to be consumed as a dessert wine. It's soft, simple and very sweet, with white sugar and cherry jam flavors.", 'Lean aromas of bell pepper and green fruits are not overly intense. This is linear, juicy and tight in frame. Flavors of lime, scallion, caper and dry cider finish racy and scouring. Good mouthfeel is a plus. END
START HERE This Cabernet was made to be consumed as a dessert wine. It's soft, simple and very sweet, with white sugar and cherry jam flavors.", 'Lean aromas of bell pepper and green fruits are not overly intense. This is linear, juicy and tight in frame. Flavors of lime, scallion, caper and dry cider finish racy and scouring. Good mouthfeel is a plus.', 'Pretty violet aromas elevate this off-dry wine, accenting sunny flavors of quince and tangerine on the palate. Brisk lime acidity lends a brash, nervy feel that extends through the finish. A touch of savory herb lingers. END
START HERE Lean aromas of bell pepper and green fruits are not overly intense. This is linear, juicy and tight in frame. Flavors of lime, scallion, caper and dry cider finish racy and scouring. Good mouthfeel is a plus.', 'Pretty violet aromas elevate this off-dry wine, accenting sunny flavors of quince and tangerine on the palate. Brisk lime acidity lends a brash, nervy feel that extends through the finish. A touch of savory herb lingers.', 'Sweaty, nutty aromas of popcorn and nettle lead to a chunky, somewhat soft palate. Flavors of mango, bell pepper and sea salt are fair, while the finish is ripe and relatively soft, with mild cut. Drink now. END
START HERE Pretty violet aromas elevate this off-dry wine, accenting sunny flavors of quince and tangerine on the palate. Brisk lime acidity lends a brash, nervy feel that extends through the finish. A touch of savory herb lingers.', 'Sweaty, nutty aromas of popcorn and nettle lead to a chunky, somewhat soft palate. Flavors of mango, bell pepper and sea salt are fair, while the finish is ripe and relatively soft, with mild cut. Drink now.', 'A fruit-challenged nose makes for an unpromising begining. Thankfully, things pick up in the mouth, with cherry cola and wet earth overlaying hints of barnyard and grilled nuts. Solid, if somewhat uninspiring. END
START HERE Sweaty, nutty aromas of popcorn and nettle lead to a chunky, somewhat soft palate. Flavors of mango, bell pepper and sea salt are fair, while the finish is ripe and relatively soft, with mild cut. Drink now.', 'A fruit-challenged nose makes for an unpromising begining. Thankfully, things pick up in the mouth, with cherry cola and wet earth overlaying hints of barnyard and grilled nuts. Solid, if somewhat uninspiring.', "Firm and detailed, this light-on-its-feet Sauvignon Blanc has a wonderful spiciness, as if it's been dappled with sweet pepper. The fruit is just ripe enough to capture the grassy sweetness of the grape, and it holds itself together well into a long and satisfying finish. Elegant and beautifully proportioned, this is a real pleasure to sip. END
START HERE A fruit-challenged nose makes for an unpromising begining. Thankfully, things pick up in the mouth, with cherry cola and wet earth overlaying hints of barnyard and grilled nuts. Solid, if somewhat uninspiring.', "Firm and detailed, this light-on-its-feet Sauvignon Blanc has a wonderful spiciness, as if it's been dappled with sweet pepper. The fruit is just ripe enough to capture the grassy sweetness of the grape, and it holds itself together well into a long and satisfying finish. Elegant and beautifully proportioned, this is a real pleasure to sip.", 'Citrus, melon and saline aromas are quiet in nature. This is fresh and a bit on the plump side, with fruity, almost sweet flavors of honeydew, lime and mango. A flush, easy finish could benefit from more direct acidity. Drink immediately. END
START HERE Firm and detailed, this light-on-its-feet Sauvignon Blanc has a wonderful spiciness, as if it's been dappled with sweet pepper. The fruit is just ripe enough to capture the grassy sweetness of the grape, and it holds itself together well into a long and satisfying finish. Elegant and beautifully proportioned, this is a real pleasure to sip.", 'Citrus, melon and saline aromas are quiet in nature. This is fresh and a bit on the plump side, with fruity, almost sweet flavors of honeydew, lime and mango. A flush, easy finish could benefit from more direct acidity. Drink immediately.', "This beautiful wine has aromas as ripe as dried figs, flavors as deep as blackberries falling off the vine, and a welcoming, broad texture that begs for another sip. While full bodied, it's easy to relax into. END
START HERE Citrus, melon and saline aromas are quiet in nature. This is fresh and a bit on the plump side, with fruity, almost sweet flavors of honeydew, lime and mango. A flush, easy finish could benefit from more direct acidity. Drink immediately.', "This beautiful wine has aromas as ripe as dried figs, flavors as deep as blackberries falling off the vine, and a welcoming, broad texture that begs for another sip. While full bodied, it's easy to relax into.", 'Tart cherry and cranberry meet with woody cedar aromas, campfire and nettle on the nose of this widely available bottling. Cherry and strawberry flavors get hit with bittersweet chocolate and pine-cedar touches on the sip. END
START HERE This beautiful wine has aromas as ripe as dried figs, flavors as deep as blackberries falling off the vine, and a welcoming, broad texture that begs for another sip. While full bodied, it's easy to relax into.", 'Tart cherry and cranberry meet with woody cedar aromas, campfire and nettle on the nose of this widely available bottling. Cherry and strawberry flavors get hit with bittersweet chocolate and pine-cedar touches on the sip.', 'Ripe Sauvignon Blanc, bringing out pear and apple flavors, topped with cream. There is a bite from an apple skin texture, along with bright, delicate acidity. END
START HERE Tart cherry and cranberry meet with woody cedar aromas, campfire and nettle on the nose of this widely available bottling. Cherry and strawberry flavors get hit with bittersweet chocolate and pine-cedar touches on the sip.', 'Ripe Sauvignon Blanc, bringing out pear and apple flavors, topped with cream. There is a bite from an apple skin texture, along with bright, delicate acidity.', 'This producer, based in the western Loire, has been able to take advantage of the cool ocean climate to produce a crisp, fruity Chardonnay. It is all fruit, citrus and white-plum flavored, with a soft, fresh aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE Ripe Sauvignon Blanc, bringing out pear and apple flavors, topped with cream. There is a bite from an apple skin texture, along with bright, delicate acidity.', 'This producer, based in the western Loire, has been able to take advantage of the cool ocean climate to produce a crisp, fruity Chardonnay. It is all fruit, citrus and white-plum flavored, with a soft, fresh aftertaste. Drink now.', 'Tasting off-dry, this has flavors of citrus, vanilla, buttercream, honey and spice, which are brightened by crisp acidity. END
START HERE This producer, based in the western Loire, has been able to take advantage of the cool ocean climate to produce a crisp, fruity Chardonnay. It is all fruit, citrus and white-plum flavored, with a soft, fresh aftertaste. Drink now.', 'Tasting off-dry, this has flavors of citrus, vanilla, buttercream, honey and spice, which are brightened by crisp acidity.', 'This is a soft wine, light and fresh. It has a citrus character, lemon squeezed over apples that give crispness. Some minerality to the texture adds interest and puts the wine in the food-friendly category. Drink now. END
START HERE Tasting off-dry, this has flavors of citrus, vanilla, buttercream, honey and spice, which are brightened by crisp acidity.', 'This is a soft wine, light and fresh. It has a citrus character, lemon squeezed over apples that give crispness. Some minerality to the texture adds interest and puts the wine in the food-friendly category. Drink now.', 'Lively aromas like crisp apple and white peach join more creamy, pastry-like flavors of butter, vanilla and toasted almond in this medium-bodied wine. It is soft in texture and so fruity it seems sweet on the finish. END
START HERE This is a soft wine, light and fresh. It has a citrus character, lemon squeezed over apples that give crispness. Some minerality to the texture adds interest and puts the wine in the food-friendly category. Drink now.', 'Lively aromas like crisp apple and white peach join more creamy, pastry-like flavors of butter, vanilla and toasted almond in this medium-bodied wine. It is soft in texture and so fruity it seems sweet on the finish.', 'Toast, mocha and vanilla aromas lead the charge, followed by a lactic palate with a lot of oak resin and creaminess. As for flavors, this blend deals upfront oak and medicinal berry fruits. A resiny, sticky finish teeters on cloying. END
START HERE Lively aromas like crisp apple and white peach join more creamy, pastry-like flavors of butter, vanilla and toasted almond in this medium-bodied wine. It is soft in texture and so fruity it seems sweet on the finish.', 'Toast, mocha and vanilla aromas lead the charge, followed by a lactic palate with a lot of oak resin and creaminess. As for flavors, this blend deals upfront oak and medicinal berry fruits. A resiny, sticky finish teeters on cloying.', 'This wine seems a bit confected and simple, combining ripe stone fruit with lemon zest to achieve a sense of balance. Short on the finish. END
START HERE Toast, mocha and vanilla aromas lead the charge, followed by a lactic palate with a lot of oak resin and creaminess. As for flavors, this blend deals upfront oak and medicinal berry fruits. A resiny, sticky finish teeters on cloying.', 'This wine seems a bit confected and simple, combining ripe stone fruit with lemon zest to achieve a sense of balance. Short on the finish.', 'Caramel and soft fruits in a wine that seems to be missing the zesty, crisp element. The wine feels flat. END
START HERE This wine seems a bit confected and simple, combining ripe stone fruit with lemon zest to achieve a sense of balance. Short on the finish.', 'Caramel and soft fruits in a wine that seems to be missing the zesty, crisp element. The wine feels flat.', 'Pithy lime aromas get this fresh Chardonnay going. The palate is citrusy in feel, with a mix of lime, grapefruit and orange flavors that are limited in scope and complexity but clean. END
START HERE Caramel and soft fruits in a wine that seems to be missing the zesty, crisp element. The wine feels flat.', 'Pithy lime aromas get this fresh Chardonnay going. The palate is citrusy in feel, with a mix of lime, grapefruit and orange flavors that are limited in scope and complexity but clean.', 'This wine seems to show some of the effects of the cool 2010 growing season, where ripeness and botrytis presented issues in some areas. Notes of tobacco, ash and orange peel surround a sweet cherry core accented by grainy tannins. END
START HERE Pithy lime aromas get this fresh Chardonnay going. The palate is citrusy in feel, with a mix of lime, grapefruit and orange flavors that are limited in scope and complexity but clean.', 'This wine seems to show some of the effects of the cool 2010 growing season, where ripeness and botrytis presented issues in some areas. Notes of tobacco, ash and orange peel surround a sweet cherry core accented by grainy tannins.', 'This is a simple, fruit-driven white wine, ideal as an apéritif or for patio-sipping. Pear, melon and pineapple notes mingle easily on the nose and palate, finishing moderately long. END
START HERE This wine seems to show some of the effects of the cool 2010 growing season, where ripeness and botrytis presented issues in some areas. Notes of tobacco, ash and orange peel surround a sweet cherry core accented by grainy tannins.', 'This is a simple, fruit-driven white wine, ideal as an apéritif or for patio-sipping. Pear, melon and pineapple notes mingle easily on the nose and palate, finishing moderately long.', "This is favorably marked by hints of stuck flint and bold, herbal flourishes on the nose, then settles down to deliver stone fruit and citrus on the palate. For the price, it's surprisingly long on the finish. END
START HERE This is a simple, fruit-driven white wine, ideal as an apéritif or for patio-sipping. Pear, melon and pineapple notes mingle easily on the nose and palate, finishing moderately long.', "This is favorably marked by hints of stuck flint and bold, herbal flourishes on the nose, then settles down to deliver stone fruit and citrus on the palate. For the price, it's surprisingly long on the finish.", 'Aromas suggest honeysuckle and ripe pear. The linear palate offers juicy nectarine, lemon drop and ripe tropical fruit alongside crisp acidity. END
START HERE This is favorably marked by hints of stuck flint and bold, herbal flourishes on the nose, then settles down to deliver stone fruit and citrus on the palate. For the price, it's surprisingly long on the finish.", 'Aromas suggest honeysuckle and ripe pear. The linear palate offers juicy nectarine, lemon drop and ripe tropical fruit alongside crisp acidity.', 'The wine has an orange-pink color and a palate packed with red fruits. It is lightly tannic and with a strawberry aftertaste. END
START HERE Aromas suggest honeysuckle and ripe pear. The linear palate offers juicy nectarine, lemon drop and ripe tropical fruit alongside crisp acidity.', 'The wine has an orange-pink color and a palate packed with red fruits. It is lightly tannic and with a strawberry aftertaste.', 'This is a soft, gently fruity wine. It comes from a single vineyard creating a wine that has rounded yellow and pear fruits and balanced acidity. It is a smooth wine, made to be drink young. END
START HERE The wine has an orange-pink color and a palate packed with red fruits. It is lightly tannic and with a strawberry aftertaste.', 'This is a soft, gently fruity wine. It comes from a single vineyard creating a wine that has rounded yellow and pear fruits and balanced acidity. It is a smooth wine, made to be drink young.', 'This is a medium-bodied gently balanced wine with very ripe fruit flavors and a smooth soft texture. Scotto ferments it in stainless steel and ages it for 18 months in pre-used French oak barrels. END
START HERE This is a soft, gently fruity wine. It comes from a single vineyard creating a wine that has rounded yellow and pear fruits and balanced acidity. It is a smooth wine, made to be drink young.', 'This is a medium-bodied gently balanced wine with very ripe fruit flavors and a smooth soft texture. Scotto ferments it in stainless steel and ages it for 18 months in pre-used French oak barrels.', 'Big, bold and bulky on the bouquet, with a truck load of ripe blackberry and boysenberry aromas that rightly announce that a fruit bomb is coming. Feels plump, round and structured, with soft tannins and compact flavors of berries, black plums and herbs. Finishes full, with a mild herbal accent. END
START HERE This is a medium-bodied gently balanced wine with very ripe fruit flavors and a smooth soft texture. Scotto ferments it in stainless steel and ages it for 18 months in pre-used French oak barrels.', 'Big, bold and bulky on the bouquet, with a truck load of ripe blackberry and boysenberry aromas that rightly announce that a fruit bomb is coming. Feels plump, round and structured, with soft tannins and compact flavors of berries, black plums and herbs. Finishes full, with a mild herbal accent.', 'This wine opens with a touch of fleshy ripeness. The palate is expansive, brimming with fresh red berry notes. Light in body, it finishes with uplifting lemon. END
START HERE Big, bold and bulky on the bouquet, with a truck load of ripe blackberry and boysenberry aromas that rightly announce that a fruit bomb is coming. Feels plump, round and structured, with soft tannins and compact flavors of berries, black plums and herbs. Finishes full, with a mild herbal accent.', 'This wine opens with a touch of fleshy ripeness. The palate is expansive, brimming with fresh red berry notes. Light in body, it finishes with uplifting lemon.', "A waxy, sour-leaning Chardonnay that's tart in a teeth-clenching way though it might mellow in time with air. END
START HERE This wine opens with a touch of fleshy ripeness. The palate is expansive, brimming with fresh red berry notes. Light in body, it finishes with uplifting lemon.', "A waxy, sour-leaning Chardonnay that's tart in a teeth-clenching way though it might mellow in time with air.", 'Very soft, perfumed with bright red cherry fruits, this is a lively rosé, light and bright, lilting on the mouth, finishing with mineral acidity. Screw cap. END
START HERE A waxy, sour-leaning Chardonnay that's tart in a teeth-clenching way though it might mellow in time with air.", 'Very soft, perfumed with bright red cherry fruits, this is a lively rosé, light and bright, lilting on the mouth, finishing with mineral acidity. Screw cap.', 'Primarily Syrah, this was barrel aged in 40% new French and American oak––surprising at this price. Complex and layered, with dark berries, licorice, coffee liqueur and roasted meat. Though lighter than many Washington Syrahs, at less than half the price it captures the essence of the grape, with a citrusy finish. END
START HERE Very soft, perfumed with bright red cherry fruits, this is a lively rosé, light and bright, lilting on the mouth, finishing with mineral acidity. Screw cap.', 'Primarily Syrah, this was barrel aged in 40% new French and American oak––surprising at this price. Complex and layered, with dark berries, licorice, coffee liqueur and roasted meat. Though lighter than many Washington Syrahs, at less than half the price it captures the essence of the grape, with a citrusy finish.', "Restrained aromas of waxy apple skins and lemon accumulate in ripeness on the palate of this off-dry Riesling, boasting juicy pink grapefruit and caramelized sugar tones. It's zesty and spry but rounded and juicy in mouthfeel. END
START HERE Primarily Syrah, this was barrel aged in 40% new French and American oak––surprising at this price. Complex and layered, with dark berries, licorice, coffee liqueur and roasted meat. Though lighter than many Washington Syrahs, at less than half the price it captures the essence of the grape, with a citrusy finish.', "Restrained aromas of waxy apple skins and lemon accumulate in ripeness on the palate of this off-dry Riesling, boasting juicy pink grapefruit and caramelized sugar tones. It's zesty and spry but rounded and juicy in mouthfeel.", "Grenache, Cinsault and Syrah form a soft warm blend that is ready to drink. It has acidity and spice as well as red berries. It's a fine apéritif style with its light touch and final crispness. Drink now. END
START HERE Restrained aromas of waxy apple skins and lemon accumulate in ripeness on the palate of this off-dry Riesling, boasting juicy pink grapefruit and caramelized sugar tones. It's zesty and spry but rounded and juicy in mouthfeel.", "Grenache, Cinsault and Syrah form a soft warm blend that is ready to drink. It has acidity and spice as well as red berries. It's a fine apéritif style with its light touch and final crispness. Drink now.", "This is a wine that is fully ripe, perhaps too ripe. Rich with strawberry flavor, it shows more fruitiness than structure. It's quite juicy in style, and could show some balance in a year. END
START HERE Grenache, Cinsault and Syrah form a soft warm blend that is ready to drink. It has acidity and spice as well as red berries. It's a fine apéritif style with its light touch and final crispness. Drink now.", "This is a wine that is fully ripe, perhaps too ripe. Rich with strawberry flavor, it shows more fruitiness than structure. It's quite juicy in style, and could show some balance in a year.", "Stony mineral notes lend a stately feel to this off-dry Riesling bursting with ripe peach, tangerine and quince flavors. It's brisk and bright on the palate with a lingering finish of lime and lemon zest. END
START HERE This is a wine that is fully ripe, perhaps too ripe. Rich with strawberry flavor, it shows more fruitiness than structure. It's quite juicy in style, and could show some balance in a year.", "Stony mineral notes lend a stately feel to this off-dry Riesling bursting with ripe peach, tangerine and quince flavors. It's brisk and bright on the palate with a lingering finish of lime and lemon zest.", 'This standard Chardonnay opens with blowsy melon and papaya aromas. The palate holds onto that melony feel while dealing honeydew, papaya and fleshy apple flavors. The finish tastes sweet and kind of flat. END
START HERE Stony mineral notes lend a stately feel to this off-dry Riesling bursting with ripe peach, tangerine and quince flavors. It's brisk and bright on the palate with a lingering finish of lime and lemon zest.", 'This standard Chardonnay opens with blowsy melon and papaya aromas. The palate holds onto that melony feel while dealing honeydew, papaya and fleshy apple flavors. The finish tastes sweet and kind of flat.', "Year after year, Bonterra crafts splendidly pure varietal wines, from organically-grown grapes, and in large quantities that make them easy to find. The '06 Chard is delicious in pineapple, sweet Meyer lemon, tangerine, lime and caramelized vanilla oak flavors that finish clean and long. What a super value. END
START HERE This standard Chardonnay opens with blowsy melon and papaya aromas. The palate holds onto that melony feel while dealing honeydew, papaya and fleshy apple flavors. The finish tastes sweet and kind of flat.', "Year after year, Bonterra crafts splendidly pure varietal wines, from organically-grown grapes, and in large quantities that make them easy to find. The '06 Chard is delicious in pineapple, sweet Meyer lemon, tangerine, lime and caramelized vanilla oak flavors that finish clean and long. What a super value.", "This unoaked Chardonnay offers bright aromas of red apple and white peach, laced with the faintest hint of hay and yellow flower. It's light and zippy on the palate, with a lemon-lime freshness and a green plum flavor that results in a tart and refreshing finish. END
START HERE Year after year, Bonterra crafts splendidly pure varietal wines, from organically-grown grapes, and in large quantities that make them easy to find. The '06 Chard is delicious in pineapple, sweet Meyer lemon, tangerine, lime and caramelized vanilla oak flavors that finish clean and long. What a super value.", "This unoaked Chardonnay offers bright aromas of red apple and white peach, laced with the faintest hint of hay and yellow flower. It's light and zippy on the palate, with a lemon-lime freshness and a green plum flavor that results in a tart and refreshing finish.", 'This is somewhat generic and oaky, with its modest cherry fruit overwhelmed by baking spices, yet supple and superficially attractive. Drink now. END
START HERE This unoaked Chardonnay offers bright aromas of red apple and white peach, laced with the faintest hint of hay and yellow flower. It's light and zippy on the palate, with a lemon-lime freshness and a green plum flavor that results in a tart and refreshing finish.", 'This is somewhat generic and oaky, with its modest cherry fruit overwhelmed by baking spices, yet supple and superficially attractive. Drink now.', "Brisk and bright, this delicately framed Pinot Noir offers both elegance and thirst-quenching quaffability. It's fresh and primary, bursting of raspberry and blossom, but finishes suprisingly long with a murmur of feathery tannin. Drink now. END
START HERE This is somewhat generic and oaky, with its modest cherry fruit overwhelmed by baking spices, yet supple and superficially attractive. Drink now.', "Brisk and bright, this delicately framed Pinot Noir offers both elegance and thirst-quenching quaffability. It's fresh and primary, bursting of raspberry and blossom, but finishes suprisingly long with a murmur of feathery tannin. Drink now.", "Simple and a little sweet, this Cab shows very ripe, jammy flavors of blackberries, cassis and cola. It's an easy sipper, with a pleasant scour of tannins. END
START HERE Brisk and bright, this delicately framed Pinot Noir offers both elegance and thirst-quenching quaffability. It's fresh and primary, bursting of raspberry and blossom, but finishes suprisingly long with a murmur of feathery tannin. Drink now.", "Simple and a little sweet, this Cab shows very ripe, jammy flavors of blackberries, cassis and cola. It's an easy sipper, with a pleasant scour of tannins.", 'This opens with aromas suggesting white flower, orchard fruit and bread crust. The straightforward palate delivers Golden Delicious apple and a hint of peach alongside crisp acidity. END
START HERE Simple and a little sweet, this Cab shows very ripe, jammy flavors of blackberries, cassis and cola. It's an easy sipper, with a pleasant scour of tannins.", 'This opens with aromas suggesting white flower, orchard fruit and bread crust. The straightforward palate delivers Golden Delicious apple and a hint of peach alongside crisp acidity.', 'This ripe, fruity wine delivers tropical fruit, apricot and white plum flavors. Its warm acidity leaves a rounded, creamy aftertaste. END
START HERE This opens with aromas suggesting white flower, orchard fruit and bread crust. The straightforward palate delivers Golden Delicious apple and a hint of peach alongside crisp acidity.', 'This ripe, fruity wine delivers tropical fruit, apricot and white plum flavors. Its warm acidity leaves a rounded, creamy aftertaste.', 'Raspberry and cherry aromas are light and pleasing, while the palate exhibits those same friendly and inviting raspberry flavors along with some citrus. A fresh and clean wine, nothing more or less. But it manages to rise above the masses via its focus, length and purity. END
START HERE This ripe, fruity wine delivers tropical fruit, apricot and white plum flavors. Its warm acidity leaves a rounded, creamy aftertaste.', 'Raspberry and cherry aromas are light and pleasing, while the palate exhibits those same friendly and inviting raspberry flavors along with some citrus. A fresh and clean wine, nothing more or less. But it manages to rise above the masses via its focus, length and purity.', 'Thick and concentrated stuff, with aromas of sweet plums and cough syrup. The body is beefy and round, with full but simple plum and blackberry flavors. With color, size and heft, it has much of what Malbec is known for. Problem is, it needs better tuning and precision to rank higher. END
START HERE Raspberry and cherry aromas are light and pleasing, while the palate exhibits those same friendly and inviting raspberry flavors along with some citrus. A fresh and clean wine, nothing more or less. But it manages to rise above the masses via its focus, length and purity.', 'Thick and concentrated stuff, with aromas of sweet plums and cough syrup. The body is beefy and round, with full but simple plum and blackberry flavors. With color, size and heft, it has much of what Malbec is known for. Problem is, it needs better tuning and precision to rank higher.', "Pretty, delicate and soft, initial scents of redcherry and strawberry carry through to the lightweight easygoing plate. It's fresh and easy to like, with good zip to the finish. END
START HERE Thick and concentrated stuff, with aromas of sweet plums and cough syrup. The body is beefy and round, with full but simple plum and blackberry flavors. With color, size and heft, it has much of what Malbec is known for. Problem is, it needs better tuning and precision to rank higher.', "Pretty, delicate and soft, initial scents of redcherry and strawberry carry through to the lightweight easygoing plate. It's fresh and easy to like, with good zip to the finish.", "Grassy, herbal aromas rest on top of basic red-fruit notes. This feels choppy and hollow, with flavors of buttery oak, chemical and red currant. The raw hot finish doesn't have a lot of body or padding. END
START HERE Pretty, delicate and soft, initial scents of redcherry and strawberry carry through to the lightweight easygoing plate. It's fresh and easy to like, with good zip to the finish.", "Grassy, herbal aromas rest on top of basic red-fruit notes. This feels choppy and hollow, with flavors of buttery oak, chemical and red currant. The raw hot finish doesn't have a lot of body or padding.", "This wine used to come from Jumilla and contain Monastrell in addition to Shiraz and Tempranillo; now it's from Extremadura, with Carignan instead of Monastrell. It's rudimentary on the nose and scouring in the mouth, with firm tannins and sharp acids. The palate pulses with raspberry and plum fruit, then finishes with resiny grip and oaky flavors. END
START HERE Grassy, herbal aromas rest on top of basic red-fruit notes. This feels choppy and hollow, with flavors of buttery oak, chemical and red currant. The raw hot finish doesn't have a lot of body or padding.", "This wine used to come from Jumilla and contain Monastrell in addition to Shiraz and Tempranillo; now it's from Extremadura, with Carignan instead of Monastrell. It's rudimentary on the nose and scouring in the mouth, with firm tannins and sharp acids. The palate pulses with raspberry and plum fruit, then finishes with resiny grip and oaky flavors.", 'This is a creative if not entirely successful wine; its intense, lavish aromas are followed by a surprisingly rustic wave of fruit that has a spin of austerity to it. One-dimensional and rough around the edges. END
START HERE This wine used to come from Jumilla and contain Monastrell in addition to Shiraz and Tempranillo; now it's from Extremadura, with Carignan instead of Monastrell. It's rudimentary on the nose and scouring in the mouth, with firm tannins and sharp acids. The palate pulses with raspberry and plum fruit, then finishes with resiny grip and oaky flavors.", 'This is a creative if not entirely successful wine; its intense, lavish aromas are followed by a surprisingly rustic wave of fruit that has a spin of austerity to it. One-dimensional and rough around the edges.', 'Aromas of crusty berry, olive and juniper mark the nose. It feels dry, solid and tannic, with racy, slightly fiery flavors of red berries and herbs. A mint note and an oaky, resinous flavor rule the finish. END
START HERE This is a creative if not entirely successful wine; its intense, lavish aromas are followed by a surprisingly rustic wave of fruit that has a spin of austerity to it. One-dimensional and rough around the edges.', 'Aromas of crusty berry, olive and juniper mark the nose. It feels dry, solid and tannic, with racy, slightly fiery flavors of red berries and herbs. A mint note and an oaky, resinous flavor rule the finish.', 'Smells pure and citrusy, offering up scents of lemon curd, grapefruit zest and lime juice, then adds rounder melon notes on the palate, which is rather fat and shows a bit of alcohol. Zesty on the finish, but warm, too. END
START HERE Aromas of crusty berry, olive and juniper mark the nose. It feels dry, solid and tannic, with racy, slightly fiery flavors of red berries and herbs. A mint note and an oaky, resinous flavor rule the finish.', 'Smells pure and citrusy, offering up scents of lemon curd, grapefruit zest and lime juice, then adds rounder melon notes on the palate, which is rather fat and shows a bit of alcohol. Zesty on the finish, but warm, too.', 'This ripe, strawberry-flavored blend of Touriga Nacional, Aragonez and Merlot is soft and smooth. It is rounded with an almost-sweet fruitiness. Drink now. END
START HERE Smells pure and citrusy, offering up scents of lemon curd, grapefruit zest and lime juice, then adds rounder melon notes on the palate, which is rather fat and shows a bit of alcohol. Zesty on the finish, but warm, too.', 'This ripe, strawberry-flavored blend of Touriga Nacional, Aragonez and Merlot is soft and smooth. It is rounded with an almost-sweet fruitiness. Drink now.', 'At 70% Garnacha and 30% Tempranillo, this hold-over from the sketchy 2002 harvest starts with an odd blend of clove and shaved wood notes, while the palate pushes basic cherry and tangy raspberry flavors. END
START HERE This ripe, strawberry-flavored blend of Touriga Nacional, Aragonez and Merlot is soft and smooth. It is rounded with an almost-sweet fruitiness. Drink now.', 'At 70% Garnacha and 30% Tempranillo, this hold-over from the sketchy 2002 harvest starts with an odd blend of clove and shaved wood notes, while the palate pushes basic cherry and tangy raspberry flavors.', 'Lacking intensity, the nose exhibits mild notes of ripe red apple while the palate adds a touch of canteloupe. Fat and round with a fleeting finish, the wine never really makes a strong impression. END
START HERE At 70% Garnacha and 30% Tempranillo, this hold-over from the sketchy 2002 harvest starts with an odd blend of clove and shaved wood notes, while the palate pushes basic cherry and tangy raspberry flavors.', 'Lacking intensity, the nose exhibits mild notes of ripe red apple while the palate adds a touch of canteloupe. Fat and round with a fleeting finish, the wine never really makes a strong impression.', "Concentrated, dark and distinct, the bouquet expresses notes of cumin and flower. It's round, grabby and a bit gummy feeling, with oaky, dark flavors of blackberry, resin and spices. The finish tastes mildly woody, with espresso accents. END
START HERE Lacking intensity, the nose exhibits mild notes of ripe red apple while the palate adds a touch of canteloupe. Fat and round with a fleeting finish, the wine never really makes a strong impression.', "Concentrated, dark and distinct, the bouquet expresses notes of cumin and flower. It's round, grabby and a bit gummy feeling, with oaky, dark flavors of blackberry, resin and spices. The finish tastes mildly woody, with espresso accents.", 'A dark-red color, aromas like dark chocolate, flavors recalling black cherry, and a dry rather than sweet taste make this a great wine for a special meal. It has layers of fruit, a bit of smoke, and lots of fine tannins that pile up for a rich mouthfeel and lingering finish. END
START HERE Concentrated, dark and distinct, the bouquet expresses notes of cumin and flower. It's round, grabby and a bit gummy feeling, with oaky, dark flavors of blackberry, resin and spices. The finish tastes mildly woody, with espresso accents.", 'A dark-red color, aromas like dark chocolate, flavors recalling black cherry, and a dry rather than sweet taste make this a great wine for a special meal. It has layers of fruit, a bit of smoke, and lots of fine tannins that pile up for a rich mouthfeel and lingering finish.', 'This earthy red starts with aromas of cedar, smoke and pepper, followed by flavors of red berries, smoke and minerals. A dry and peppery backbone fishes clean on the tongue. Spunky and fun. END
START HERE A dark-red color, aromas like dark chocolate, flavors recalling black cherry, and a dry rather than sweet taste make this a great wine for a special meal. It has layers of fruit, a bit of smoke, and lots of fine tannins that pile up for a rich mouthfeel and lingering finish.', 'This earthy red starts with aromas of cedar, smoke and pepper, followed by flavors of red berries, smoke and minerals. A dry and peppery backbone fishes clean on the tongue. Spunky and fun.', "Tramin presents this fresh, easy-drinking Chardonnay that boasts coolclimate aromas of stone fruit, white flower and citrus. It's zesty and clean in the mouth and perfect for seafood salad. END
START HERE This earthy red starts with aromas of cedar, smoke and pepper, followed by flavors of red berries, smoke and minerals. A dry and peppery backbone fishes clean on the tongue. Spunky and fun.', "Tramin presents this fresh, easy-drinking Chardonnay that boasts coolclimate aromas of stone fruit, white flower and citrus. It's zesty and clean in the mouth and perfect for seafood salad.", 'A smooth, velvet textured wine. It has some weight, but the balance is what is most attractive about this wine. It has spice, crisp black currant fruits and intense freshness that tips over into final acidity. END
START HERE Tramin presents this fresh, easy-drinking Chardonnay that boasts coolclimate aromas of stone fruit, white flower and citrus. It's zesty and clean in the mouth and perfect for seafood salad.", 'A smooth, velvet textured wine. It has some weight, but the balance is what is most attractive about this wine. It has spice, crisp black currant fruits and intense freshness that tips over into final acidity.', 'This is a bold but well-balanced wine, with densely fruity aromas, and appealing flavors of pomegranate and blueberry. A layer of fine tannins adds a grippy mouthfeel, making it great with a roast chicken or grilled lamb chop. END
START HERE A smooth, velvet textured wine. It has some weight, but the balance is what is most attractive about this wine. It has spice, crisp black currant fruits and intense freshness that tips over into final acidity.', 'This is a bold but well-balanced wine, with densely fruity aromas, and appealing flavors of pomegranate and blueberry. A layer of fine tannins adds a grippy mouthfeel, making it great with a roast chicken or grilled lamb chop.', "Smoke and dried tarragon lend savory complexity to notes of honeysuckle and lanolin on this nuanced off-dry Riesling. It's initially quite floral on the palate, but tart tangerine acidity and a shock of minerals lend a cool, alpine feel that lingers. END
START HERE This is a bold but well-balanced wine, with densely fruity aromas, and appealing flavors of pomegranate and blueberry. A layer of fine tannins adds a grippy mouthfeel, making it great with a roast chicken or grilled lamb chop.', "Smoke and dried tarragon lend savory complexity to notes of honeysuckle and lanolin on this nuanced off-dry Riesling. It's initially quite floral on the palate, but tart tangerine acidity and a shock of minerals lend a cool, alpine feel that lingers.", "Honey, flowers and citrus aromas are pronounced and pretty in this Chardonnay. Rounded honey, citrus and toasted flavors are balanced and buoyed by acidity, freshness and spice. A very nice everyday white that's both elegant and easygoing. END
START HERE Smoke and dried tarragon lend savory complexity to notes of honeysuckle and lanolin on this nuanced off-dry Riesling. It's initially quite floral on the palate, but tart tangerine acidity and a shock of minerals lend a cool, alpine feel that lingers.", "Honey, flowers and citrus aromas are pronounced and pretty in this Chardonnay. Rounded honey, citrus and toasted flavors are balanced and buoyed by acidity, freshness and spice. A very nice everyday white that's both elegant and easygoing.", 'This is a ripe red-fruit wine with wood layers. A portion of this balanced Bordeaux is made from 35-year-old wines that were aged in wood. Tannins and acidity show the wine is still young. Drink from 2018. END
START HERE Honey, flowers and citrus aromas are pronounced and pretty in this Chardonnay. Rounded honey, citrus and toasted flavors are balanced and buoyed by acidity, freshness and spice. A very nice everyday white that's both elegant and easygoing.", 'This is a ripe red-fruit wine with wood layers. A portion of this balanced Bordeaux is made from 35-year-old wines that were aged in wood. Tannins and acidity show the wine is still young. Drink from 2018.', "Pristine fruity touches of fresh apple, pear and lemon shine in this unoaked Chardonnay. Full bodied and round, it's an easy approachable wine with soft sunny acidity. The finish lingers on a bright lemon-candy note. END
START HERE This is a ripe red-fruit wine with wood layers. A portion of this balanced Bordeaux is made from 35-year-old wines that were aged in wood. Tannins and acidity show the wine is still young. Drink from 2018.', "Pristine fruity touches of fresh apple, pear and lemon shine in this unoaked Chardonnay. Full bodied and round, it's an easy approachable wine with soft sunny acidity. The finish lingers on a bright lemon-candy note.", 'This is a fresh and crisp wine with touches of sweetness. Red fruits are combined with ripe apple and acidity to give a lively fruity wine. Drink now. END
START HERE Pristine fruity touches of fresh apple, pear and lemon shine in this unoaked Chardonnay. Full bodied and round, it's an easy approachable wine with soft sunny acidity. The finish lingers on a bright lemon-candy note.", 'This is a fresh and crisp wine with touches of sweetness. Red fruits are combined with ripe apple and acidity to give a lively fruity wine. Drink now.', 'Round, floral, fruity and just a bit bretty. Almost everything is right about this value-priced wine. The fruit is dark and veers toward black cherry and plum, while the feel is good. Finishes with a nice run of dry oak and chocolate flavors. END
START HERE This is a fresh and crisp wine with touches of sweetness. Red fruits are combined with ripe apple and acidity to give a lively fruity wine. Drink now.', 'Round, floral, fruity and just a bit bretty. Almost everything is right about this value-priced wine. The fruit is dark and veers toward black cherry and plum, while the feel is good. Finishes with a nice run of dry oak and chocolate flavors.', 'Ripe, mushy plum and black cherry guts lead the way on the nose, with secondary notes of cured meat and tree bark. Medium weight and very approachable now with dusty tannins and a solid finish. END
START HERE Round, floral, fruity and just a bit bretty. Almost everything is right about this value-priced wine. The fruit is dark and veers toward black cherry and plum, while the feel is good. Finishes with a nice run of dry oak and chocolate flavors.', 'Ripe, mushy plum and black cherry guts lead the way on the nose, with secondary notes of cured meat and tree bark. Medium weight and very approachable now with dusty tannins and a solid finish.', 'Fine, new wood flavors mingle with acidity and ripe blackberry fruits to give a balanced wine. It has a fine texture, spice and juicy acidity that brings out the fruit of the vintage. It will be ready to drink soon, certainly by 2017. END
START HERE Ripe, mushy plum and black cherry guts lead the way on the nose, with secondary notes of cured meat and tree bark. Medium weight and very approachable now with dusty tannins and a solid finish.', 'Fine, new wood flavors mingle with acidity and ripe blackberry fruits to give a balanced wine. It has a fine texture, spice and juicy acidity that brings out the fruit of the vintage. It will be ready to drink soon, certainly by 2017.', "The aromas in this wine are bright, with notes of herb, tire rubber and red currant, with the oak influence dialed back. The fruit flavors are lighter styled, direct and pure, going down easy with blue-fruit flavors on the finish. It's a pleasant easy drinker. END
START HERE Fine, new wood flavors mingle with acidity and ripe blackberry fruits to give a balanced wine. It has a fine texture, spice and juicy acidity that brings out the fruit of the vintage. It will be ready to drink soon, certainly by 2017.', "The aromas in this wine are bright, with notes of herb, tire rubber and red currant, with the oak influence dialed back. The fruit flavors are lighter styled, direct and pure, going down easy with blue-fruit flavors on the finish. It's a pleasant easy drinker.", 'A blend from a wider area than just Côtes de Provence, the wine is lightly spicy, full of red fruits and citrus acidity. There is a typical touch of pepper that adds extra interest to what is a refreshing wine. END
START HERE The aromas in this wine are bright, with notes of herb, tire rubber and red currant, with the oak influence dialed back. The fruit flavors are lighter styled, direct and pure, going down easy with blue-fruit flavors on the finish. It's a pleasant easy drinker.", 'A blend from a wider area than just Côtes de Provence, the wine is lightly spicy, full of red fruits and citrus acidity. There is a typical touch of pepper that adds extra interest to what is a refreshing wine.', 'Pale straw in color with a faint touch of green, this wine has a nose of lemon blossom and freshly cut grass. Crisp, clean flavors of apple and lemon zest wash over the tongue, culminating in a burst of fresh acidity. END
START HERE A blend from a wider area than just Côtes de Provence, the wine is lightly spicy, full of red fruits and citrus acidity. There is a typical touch of pepper that adds extra interest to what is a refreshing wine.', 'Pale straw in color with a faint touch of green, this wine has a nose of lemon blossom and freshly cut grass. Crisp, clean flavors of apple and lemon zest wash over the tongue, culminating in a burst of fresh acidity.', 'Delicate aromas of lemon chiffon, underripe nectarine and a touch of green apple on the nose. The palate is citrus-dominant with a round but prickly mouth and a crisp finish. Very refreshing and approachable; drink now. END
START HERE Pale straw in color with a faint touch of green, this wine has a nose of lemon blossom and freshly cut grass. Crisp, clean flavors of apple and lemon zest wash over the tongue, culminating in a burst of fresh acidity.', 'Delicate aromas of lemon chiffon, underripe nectarine and a touch of green apple on the nose. The palate is citrus-dominant with a round but prickly mouth and a crisp finish. Very refreshing and approachable; drink now.', 'Aromas of geraniums, celery and grassy fruits lead the nose, while flavors of green, soupy red berries finish stemmy. END
START HERE Delicate aromas of lemon chiffon, underripe nectarine and a touch of green apple on the nose. The palate is citrus-dominant with a round but prickly mouth and a crisp finish. Very refreshing and approachable; drink now.', 'Aromas of geraniums, celery and grassy fruits lead the nose, while flavors of green, soupy red berries finish stemmy.', "There's little going on aromatically or texturally in this thin, fairly nondescript wine. END
START HERE Aromas of geraniums, celery and grassy fruits lead the nose, while flavors of green, soupy red berries finish stemmy.', "There's little going on aromatically or texturally in this thin, fairly nondescript wine.", 'The Oak Cask in the name is evident in the bacon, vanilla and creamy berry aromas that open things up. The palate, however, is fairly acidic, making the fruit taste bright and feel zesty. Flavors of cherry and plum are distinctly red in character, and the finish is quick and lean. END
START HERE There's little going on aromatically or texturally in this thin, fairly nondescript wine.", 'The Oak Cask in the name is evident in the bacon, vanilla and creamy berry aromas that open things up. The palate, however, is fairly acidic, making the fruit taste bright and feel zesty. Flavors of cherry and plum are distinctly red in character, and the finish is quick and lean.', "This wine marches to its own tune, with appealing but unusual opening notes of berries, plastic, chocolate and petroleum that add to the prominent red cherry note on the palate. There's a lot of extract here and a sweetish palate that takes on a coffee edge on the finish. Drink up. END
START HERE The Oak Cask in the name is evident in the bacon, vanilla and creamy berry aromas that open things up. The palate, however, is fairly acidic, making the fruit taste bright and feel zesty. Flavors of cherry and plum are distinctly red in character, and the finish is quick and lean.', "This wine marches to its own tune, with appealing but unusual opening notes of berries, plastic, chocolate and petroleum that add to the prominent red cherry note on the palate. There's a lot of extract here and a sweetish palate that takes on a coffee edge on the finish. Drink up.", 'Spicy, briary berry and leather aromas are full and firm. On the palate, this feels fresh, with good body and depth. Flavors of black plum, blackberry and black currant are spicy but not pushy, while the finish is not overly oaky or heavy. END
START HERE This wine marches to its own tune, with appealing but unusual opening notes of berries, plastic, chocolate and petroleum that add to the prominent red cherry note on the palate. There's a lot of extract here and a sweetish palate that takes on a coffee edge on the finish. Drink up.", 'Spicy, briary berry and leather aromas are full and firm. On the palate, this feels fresh, with good body and depth. Flavors of black plum, blackberry and black currant are spicy but not pushy, while the finish is not overly oaky or heavy.', 'Neutral up front except for green apple and mineral aromas. Feels quite good and healthy, with juicy acids pushing fresh bell pepper, lime and white peach flavors. Short but fresh and citrusy on the finish. END
START HERE Spicy, briary berry and leather aromas are full and firm. On the palate, this feels fresh, with good body and depth. Flavors of black plum, blackberry and black currant are spicy but not pushy, while the finish is not overly oaky or heavy.', 'Neutral up front except for green apple and mineral aromas. Feels quite good and healthy, with juicy acids pushing fresh bell pepper, lime and white peach flavors. Short but fresh and citrusy on the finish.', 'Aromas and flavors that resemble cherries with touches of mint and dried herbs make this wine flavorful enough. It stays on the light- to medium-bodied side of the spectrum. END
START HERE Neutral up front except for green apple and mineral aromas. Feels quite good and healthy, with juicy acids pushing fresh bell pepper, lime and white peach flavors. Short but fresh and citrusy on the finish.', 'Aromas and flavors that resemble cherries with touches of mint and dried herbs make this wine flavorful enough. It stays on the light- to medium-bodied side of the spectrum.', "Light in color, this larger production Pinot Noir is priced right and is a fairly meaty red that'll go down easily, it's just not terribly varietal. A good value for large gatherings. END
START HERE Aromas and flavors that resemble cherries with touches of mint and dried herbs make this wine flavorful enough. It stays on the light- to medium-bodied side of the spectrum.', "Light in color, this larger production Pinot Noir is priced right and is a fairly meaty red that'll go down easily, it's just not terribly varietal. A good value for large gatherings.", 'This soft blend seems made to appeal to the current taste for sweet reds. It has flavors of cola and hard cherry candy. END
START HERE Light in color, this larger production Pinot Noir is priced right and is a fairly meaty red that'll go down easily, it's just not terribly varietal. A good value for large gatherings.", 'This soft blend seems made to appeal to the current taste for sweet reds. It has flavors of cola and hard cherry candy.', 'This blend of Grenache, Syrah and Cinsault comes across as slightly confected. Bubble gum and cotton candy hint at sweetness, although this medium-bodied wine is technically dry. Serve well chilled. END
START HERE This soft blend seems made to appeal to the current taste for sweet reds. It has flavors of cola and hard cherry candy.', 'This blend of Grenache, Syrah and Cinsault comes across as slightly confected. Bubble gum and cotton candy hint at sweetness, although this medium-bodied wine is technically dry. Serve well chilled.', "Here's a fine Merlot that can stand beside a nice steak, and won't break the bank. It's drily tannic, with currant, cherry and licorice flavors that finish in a swirl of peppery spices. Drink now. END
START HERE This blend of Grenache, Syrah and Cinsault comes across as slightly confected. Bubble gum and cotton candy hint at sweetness, although this medium-bodied wine is technically dry. Serve well chilled.', "Here's a fine Merlot that can stand beside a nice steak, and won't break the bank. It's drily tannic, with currant, cherry and licorice flavors that finish in a swirl of peppery spices. Drink now.", 'Made of 80% Sangiovese, 15% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Merlot, this opens with black cherry and Mediterranean herb aromas. On the palate, black currant fruit feels wrapped in dark spice, supported by pliant tannins. Drink soon. END
START HERE Here's a fine Merlot that can stand beside a nice steak, and won't break the bank. It's drily tannic, with currant, cherry and licorice flavors that finish in a swirl of peppery spices. Drink now.", 'Made of 80% Sangiovese, 15% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Merlot, this opens with black cherry and Mediterranean herb aromas. On the palate, black currant fruit feels wrapped in dark spice, supported by pliant tannins. Drink soon.', "Thin, dry and harsh, with cola flavors that are so thin, all you can really detect is the heat of alcohol. If you're not fussy, it's a basic introduction to Pinot Noir. END
START HERE Made of 80% Sangiovese, 15% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Merlot, this opens with black cherry and Mediterranean herb aromas. On the palate, black currant fruit feels wrapped in dark spice, supported by pliant tannins. Drink soon.', "Thin, dry and harsh, with cola flavors that are so thin, all you can really detect is the heat of alcohol. If you're not fussy, it's a basic introduction to Pinot Noir.", 'Looking for a bargain in a good, coastal Pinot Noir? This one is silky, crisp in acidity and pleasurably rich in raspberries, cranberries and herb tea flavors, sweetened with a little brown sugar. END
START HERE Thin, dry and harsh, with cola flavors that are so thin, all you can really detect is the heat of alcohol. If you're not fussy, it's a basic introduction to Pinot Noir.", 'Looking for a bargain in a good, coastal Pinot Noir? This one is silky, crisp in acidity and pleasurably rich in raspberries, cranberries and herb tea flavors, sweetened with a little brown sugar.', 'This rounded wine adds richness to its herbaceous character. Apple and quince flavors are razor-sharp in freshness, bright and deliciously lively. Drink now. END
START HERE Looking for a bargain in a good, coastal Pinot Noir? This one is silky, crisp in acidity and pleasurably rich in raspberries, cranberries and herb tea flavors, sweetened with a little brown sugar.', 'This rounded wine adds richness to its herbaceous character. Apple and quince flavors are razor-sharp in freshness, bright and deliciously lively. Drink now.', 'Both refreshing and nicely fruity, this wine blends bright apple and lemon flavors on a tangy texture that softens a bit on the finish. END
START HERE This rounded wine adds richness to its herbaceous character. Apple and quince flavors are razor-sharp in freshness, bright and deliciously lively. Drink now.', 'Both refreshing and nicely fruity, this wine blends bright apple and lemon flavors on a tangy texture that softens a bit on the finish.', 'Plum, herb, blue fruit, vanilla and spice aromas lead to soft, plush fruit flavors in this wine. The texture and blue fruit flavors bring appeal. END
START HERE Both refreshing and nicely fruity, this wine blends bright apple and lemon flavors on a tangy texture that softens a bit on the finish.', 'Plum, herb, blue fruit, vanilla and spice aromas lead to soft, plush fruit flavors in this wine. The texture and blue fruit flavors bring appeal.', 'Stalky aromas of burnt hay blend with white fruit scents. Bland apple and stalky flavors are balanced by decent acidity, then finishes with burnt, oily accents. END
START HERE Plum, herb, blue fruit, vanilla and spice aromas lead to soft, plush fruit flavors in this wine. The texture and blue fruit flavors bring appeal.', 'Stalky aromas of burnt hay blend with white fruit scents. Bland apple and stalky flavors are balanced by decent acidity, then finishes with burnt, oily accents.', 'Dusty berry aromas come with an herbal streak. This medium-bodied, everyday wine offers reasonably good mouthfeel and balance along with short plum and berry flavors that finish quick and woody. END
START HERE Stalky aromas of burnt hay blend with white fruit scents. Bland apple and stalky flavors are balanced by decent acidity, then finishes with burnt, oily accents.', 'Dusty berry aromas come with an herbal streak. This medium-bodied, everyday wine offers reasonably good mouthfeel and balance along with short plum and berry flavors that finish quick and woody.', "Herbal and reedy like a Cabernet Franc. The oak presence on this Merlot is high and its tannins soft and thick without much to say by the wine's end. END
START HERE Dusty berry aromas come with an herbal streak. This medium-bodied, everyday wine offers reasonably good mouthfeel and balance along with short plum and berry flavors that finish quick and woody.', "Herbal and reedy like a Cabernet Franc. The oak presence on this Merlot is high and its tannins soft and thick without much to say by the wine's end.", 'This is a refreshingly fruity wine with a fine balance between acidity and ripe red-currant and raspberry fruits. The wine is crisp, clean and full of fruitiness with a bright fresh aftertaste. Drink now. END
START HERE Herbal and reedy like a Cabernet Franc. The oak presence on this Merlot is high and its tannins soft and thick without much to say by the wine's end.", 'This is a refreshingly fruity wine with a fine balance between acidity and ripe red-currant and raspberry fruits. The wine is crisp, clean and full of fruitiness with a bright fresh aftertaste. Drink now.', 'A simple, proper Pinot Noir, dry and silky in the mouth. It shows modest raspberry and cherry flavors, with an edge of oak. END
START HERE This is a refreshingly fruity wine with a fine balance between acidity and ripe red-currant and raspberry fruits. The wine is crisp, clean and full of fruitiness with a bright fresh aftertaste. Drink now.', 'A simple, proper Pinot Noir, dry and silky in the mouth. It shows modest raspberry and cherry flavors, with an edge of oak.', 'A Cabernet of strong olive, oak and cassis aromas, medium in weight with smoky overtones that tastes a bit hotter than it is. END
START HERE A simple, proper Pinot Noir, dry and silky in the mouth. It shows modest raspberry and cherry flavors, with an edge of oak.', 'A Cabernet of strong olive, oak and cassis aromas, medium in weight with smoky overtones that tastes a bit hotter than it is.', "Roll out the barrel as far as aromas go; it's got a lot of toast and popcorn. The palate is creamy and smooth, with apple, peach and a fairly high level of sweetness. Regular on the finish, with some leftover popcorn and spiced apple. END
START HERE A Cabernet of strong olive, oak and cassis aromas, medium in weight with smoky overtones that tastes a bit hotter than it is.', "Roll out the barrel as far as aromas go; it's got a lot of toast and popcorn. The palate is creamy and smooth, with apple, peach and a fairly high level of sweetness. Regular on the finish, with some leftover popcorn and spiced apple.", 'A soft wine, with some herbal, pear and kiwi flavors. It has just an edge of sweetness that gives it a soft aftertaste. For drinking now. END
START HERE Roll out the barrel as far as aromas go; it's got a lot of toast and popcorn. The palate is creamy and smooth, with apple, peach and a fairly high level of sweetness. Regular on the finish, with some leftover popcorn and spiced apple.", 'A soft wine, with some herbal, pear and kiwi flavors. It has just an edge of sweetness that gives it a soft aftertaste. For drinking now.', 'This is a fresh and fragrant rosé from the Vinho Verde region. It has light acidity and a red fruit flavor. The lightest prickle gives just that extra lift. END
START HERE A soft wine, with some herbal, pear and kiwi flavors. It has just an edge of sweetness that gives it a soft aftertaste. For drinking now.', 'This is a fresh and fragrant rosé from the Vinho Verde region. It has light acidity and a red fruit flavor. The lightest prickle gives just that extra lift.', 'This blend, with 50% Touriga Nacional, is deliciously crisp while also ripe. It has a softly tannic texture that gives it a zesty character. The aftertaste is bright and fruity. END
START HERE This is a fresh and fragrant rosé from the Vinho Verde region. It has light acidity and a red fruit flavor. The lightest prickle gives just that extra lift.', 'This blend, with 50% Touriga Nacional, is deliciously crisp while also ripe. It has a softly tannic texture that gives it a zesty character. The aftertaste is bright and fruity.', 'Savory notes of smoked nuts and earth lend a rustic tone to pressed apple and pear in this off-dry Riesling. Lemon-lime acidity freshens midpalate and lingers nicely on the finish. Drink now. END
START HERE This blend, with 50% Touriga Nacional, is deliciously crisp while also ripe. It has a softly tannic texture that gives it a zesty character. The aftertaste is bright and fruity.', 'Savory notes of smoked nuts and earth lend a rustic tone to pressed apple and pear in this off-dry Riesling. Lemon-lime acidity freshens midpalate and lingers nicely on the finish. Drink now.', 'Easy to drink, this has crisp, zesty acidity, showing melange of citrus, melon, green apple and spice flavors that finish with a note of honey. END
START HERE Savory notes of smoked nuts and earth lend a rustic tone to pressed apple and pear in this off-dry Riesling. Lemon-lime acidity freshens midpalate and lingers nicely on the finish. Drink now.', 'Easy to drink, this has crisp, zesty acidity, showing melange of citrus, melon, green apple and spice flavors that finish with a note of honey.', "The namesake comedy may have its fans, but this selection leaves a bit more to be desired. It's a lean, aggressively green wine that even includes hints of pickled jalapeño. END
START HERE Easy to drink, this has crisp, zesty acidity, showing melange of citrus, melon, green apple and spice flavors that finish with a note of honey.', "The namesake comedy may have its fans, but this selection leaves a bit more to be desired. It's a lean, aggressively green wine that even includes hints of pickled jalapeño.", 'Spunky and sweet smelling, with a touch of stemmy pepper to the nose. The palate is narrow but fruity, with your standard allotment of zesty red fruit flavors along with mellow spice. Finishes short, with drying tannins. Good but lacks nuance and sophistication. END
START HERE The namesake comedy may have its fans, but this selection leaves a bit more to be desired. It's a lean, aggressively green wine that even includes hints of pickled jalapeño.", 'Spunky and sweet smelling, with a touch of stemmy pepper to the nose. The palate is narrow but fruity, with your standard allotment of zesty red fruit flavors along with mellow spice. Finishes short, with drying tannins. Good but lacks nuance and sophistication.', "An odd, one-dimensional white that's simple in execution, style and taste. END
START HERE Spunky and sweet smelling, with a touch of stemmy pepper to the nose. The palate is narrow but fruity, with your standard allotment of zesty red fruit flavors along with mellow spice. Finishes short, with drying tannins. Good but lacks nuance and sophistication.', "An odd, one-dimensional white that's simple in execution, style and taste.", 'From a vineyard called Sweetwater, this Riesling itself is sweet in peach, pineapple and wildflower honey flavors. Brisk Monterey acidity balances, with a tart, prickly mouthfeel. END
START HERE An odd, one-dimensional white that's simple in execution, style and taste.", 'From a vineyard called Sweetwater, this Riesling itself is sweet in peach, pineapple and wildflower honey flavors. Brisk Monterey acidity balances, with a tart, prickly mouthfeel.', "Here's a rich and smoky Chard with nice aromas and flavors of wood-grilled red apples with a caramel drizzle, peach pit and Key lime citrus. Solidly structured with good heft, a long finish and prominent acidity that keeps the wine from going over the edge and being too flabby. Drink now. END
START HERE From a vineyard called Sweetwater, this Riesling itself is sweet in peach, pineapple and wildflower honey flavors. Brisk Monterey acidity balances, with a tart, prickly mouthfeel.', "Here's a rich and smoky Chard with nice aromas and flavors of wood-grilled red apples with a caramel drizzle, peach pit and Key lime citrus. Solidly structured with good heft, a long finish and prominent acidity that keeps the wine from going over the edge and being too flabby. Drink now.", "This wine opens with red apple peel and citrus aromas that also play on the fresh, light and zippy palate, made livelier by slight spritz. It's dry, refreshing and light, with lots of red apple fruit. END
